 how about this story, baby bop.  it's called "the three little pigs." um, no, thank you, barney.  bj read that one to me yesterday.  yeah.  oh, i've got an idea, barney. okay.  why don't you tell her the story of "little red rockin' hood".  that's a good one.  you mean "little red riding hood." well, actually, this storyiscalled "little red rockin' hood," and it's filled with singing and dancing.  ooh, i know i'd like that.  would you please tthat story, barney.  well, i'd be happy to.  yes.  would you like to help me.  yeah. yeah, sure.  oh, terrific.  well, here we go.  shoo be do op  oh, oh, oh  this is the story of how little red riding hood became little red rockin' hood.  red rockin' hood  our story begins here in the city.  yes, in the big city  where there lived a wolf who liked to sing.   1, 2, 3, 4   barney: oh.   i could be an engineer and drive a train  choochoo.   i could be a pilot and fly a big plane  whooooh   they both sound great, but they're just not right for me  they're not right    you see  you see   i'm gonna sing a little song and play my guitar    'cause when i grow up    i want to be a rocknroll star   a rocknroll star   a rocknroll star   he's gonna be aa rocknroll star   i'm gonna sing a little song and play my guitar    'cause when i grow up, i wanna be a rocknroll star    everybody's dancing to the beat    that's right    jump up on your feet wherever you are    'cause now it's time for me to play mmmmmmy guitar    a rocknroll star...   what am i going to be.  he's gonna be aa rocknroll star   i'm gonna sing a little song and play my guitar    'cause when i grow up, i wanna be a rocknroll   when he grows up, he wants to be a rocknroll...   i said when i grow up, i want to be a rocknroll star.   doowop.   the wolf was a very good singer, but because he sang a little different from the other people in the city, no one would sing with him.  no, no, no.  now out in the country, there lived a little girl.  her name was...   little red riding hood.   and she also liked to sing.   i could be an engineer and drive a train    i could be a pilot and fly a big plane    they both sound great    but they're just not right for me, you see    i'm gonna sing a little song and play my guitar    'cause when i grow up, i wanna be a country music star    a country music star    oh, oh   a country music star   whee.    i'm gonna sing a little song and play my guitar    'cause when i grow up, i wanna be a country music...   when she grows up, she wants to be a country music...   when i grow up, i wanna be a country music star    yeehaw.   it just so happened that little red riding hood's grandpa owned a place where everyone came to sing.   little hood, your grandpa is starting a band    it's gonna be the best band in the land    so get there quick, and make it fast    grandpa's band will be a blast.   and so, little red riding hood set off to join her grandpa's band.   run, run, little red run...   sing it, girls.   singing in grandpa's band will be so much fun.    oh, baby, oh, baby, here i go    i'm gonna sing some rock and roll     stop, stop, you're hurting my ears    but i've been singing for many years    ta ta ta dow dow dow    if you want to hear singing, listen to me    i've been singing since i was three.     you call that singing.    it can't be true    i've got two words for you   peeyew.   oh, don't be silly, my singing's great.  well, i'm off to sing at my grandpa's place, i just can't wait.  your grandpa.  oh, please take me with you. i could be a star.  with your grandpa's help, i could really go far.  uhuh, no way. it's plain to see, there can be only one star in my grandpa's band, and that star is me.  cuff, cuff, time to fluff.  and little red riding hood continued on to grandpa's place.  run, run, little red run   i'm running   singing in grandpa's band will be so much fun.  sing it with us, barney.  okay.   run, run, run, little hood run   oh, whoa.  grandpa needs me in his band.  i'm the best singer in the land.  and since little hood is clearly the worst, i'd better make sure i get there first.   they're on the way, they're on the way  on the way to grandpa's place   i'm on my way, i'm on my way    on my way to grandpa's place.    down at grandpa's place, he has a terrific guitar    down at grandpa's place, he has a terrific guitar    the guitar, it makes a sound like this     the guitar, it makes a sound like this    they're on the way, they're on the way  on the way to grandpa's place  they're on the way, they're on the way  on the way to grandpa's place.   down at grandpa's place, he has a shiny new horn    down at grandpa's place, he has a shiny new horn    the horn, it makes a sound like this     the horn, it makes a sound like this    they're on the way, they're on the way  on the way to grandpa's place  they're on the way, they're on the way  on the way to grandpa's place   down at grandpa's place he has a fun set of drums    down at grandpa's place he has a fun set of drums    the drums, they make a sound like this     the drums, they make a sound like this    they're on the way, they're on the way  on the way to grandpa's place  they're on the way, they're on the way  on the way to grandpas place.  meanwhile, back at grandpa's place, bj finally arrived.  bj has entered the building.  more cowbell.  all right. whoo.   hey, grandpa, let me join your band    i'll make it the best band in the land   stop.  here comes little hood.  thank you, girls.   oh, grandpa, grandpa, it's your little hood    don't listen to that wolf, i'm really good   whoa, relax, you both are cool.  a rocking version of preschool.  you each sing different and that's okay.  so let's sing together, come on, let's play.  well, yeehaw. yeah.   there's all kinds of people    in all kinds of places   uhhuh.   and there's all kinds of music    for all kinds of faces    if you do the best you can    you will see you can sing together perfectly   yeah.   let's sing a little country    and some rock and roll, too   bj/baby bop:  let's put them both together    and see what we can do    just because we're different    it doesn't mean something's wrong   oh, no.  all:  and when we sing together    we sing a brandnew song    come on and sing a little country    and some rock and roll, too     let's put them both together    and see what we can do   all:  just because we're different    it doesn't mean something's wrong   oh, no.   and when we sing together    we sing a brandnew song    yes, when we sing together    we sing a brandnew song   wow.  thank you.   wow, i sang some country and it's got a good beat.    and i sang some rock and it was sweet.  hey.   let it be known throughout the land, country and rock have joined in one band.  people will play it from boston to bangkok.  and it shall be know as...  all: country rock.  hooray.  singing together was so much fun   ba ba, ba, ba, ba   but now our story's almost done    ba ba, ba, ba, ba   we like to hear stories  and play pretend  from once upon a time  until... the end.   thank you for telling me the story of little red rockin' hood, barney.  you're welcome, baby bop.  there are many different kinds of music and i like them all.  but you know what i like best.  what.  sharing that music with my friends.   i'm so happy you're the one    that's here today, oh... having fun    wherever we go, whatever we do    it's better with a friend like you    everything's better with a friend    everything's better with a friend like you    playing, pretending, whatever we do    it's better with a friend like you    everything's better with a friend    everything's better with a friend like you    playing, pretending, whatever we do    it's better with a friend like you    playing, pretending, whatever we do    it's better with a friend like you.   byebye.  time for barney's music box.   if you're happy and you know it, clap your hands    if you're happy and you know it, clap your hands    if you're happy and you know it    and you really want to show it    if you're happy and you know it, clap your hands.   barney.  are you okay.  oh, i'm fine. thank you, rachel.  why are you standing so still.  he's posing for a picture.  would you like to take a look.  oh, yes. thank you.  may i look, too, please.  okay, barney, but just remember it's not quite finished yet.  let's see here, now.  oh, what a goodlooking dinosaur.  you did a wonderful job, sarah.  thanks.  i have to go home for a few minutes, but i'll be back to finish later.  okay. byebye. bye.  thanks again. oh, hi, bj.  hiya, sarah.  hi, barney. hi, rachel.  what are you guys doing.  we're looking at the picture sarah painted.  whoa. she's really good.  look at all the color she used.  i think every color of the rainbow is in there.  i think you're right, bj.   we like colors, we like them a lot    we've got colors, colors we've got    red, blue and yellow, purple, orange, green    black, white, brown, every color in between    colors all around, all around the world    for every boy and girl    red makes me think of an apple or a cherry    the sun when it sets or a ripe strawberry    blue is the sky, blue is the sea    blue is the color of a blueberry    colors all around, all around the world    for every boy and girl    orange is a pumpkin, orange is a carrot    orange is an orange, we can share it    and if you haven't seen what is purple and green    just take a look at barneysee what i mean.    colors all around, all around the world    for every boy and girl    we like colors, we like colors    we likehem a lot, we like them a lot    we've got colors, we've got colors    colors we've got, colors we've got    red, blue and yellow    red, blue and yellow    purple, orange, green    purple, orange, green    black, white, brown, black, white, brown    every color in between, every color in between    colors all around, all around the world    for every boy and girl    colors all around, all around the world    for every boy and girl.   that's right. whoa.  well, i got to go, guys. see you later.  bye, rachel. see you later.  see ya. oh, man.  i wishicould paint like this.  maybe, someday.  oh. oh, bj, did you paint that..  well, not really.  hey, what are you guys looking at.  we're looking at this picture of barney, and bj painted it all by himself.  oh, now, wait a minute.  wowzer, beej.  i never knew you could paint like that.  well, neither did i.  wow. who painted that cool picture of barney.  bj did.  barney: hold on.  oh, wow, bj, you are really good.  good. this guy's a great artist.  : now, guys, i wouldn't say that.  don't be so modest, bj.  you're a genius.  a genius.  baby bop: yeah.  hey, could you teach us to paint like that, beej.  no, believe me, i couldn't.  oh, please, bj, will you, will you, will you, please.  i guess i could.   we'll get some paint supplies and be right back.  yeah, we're coming with you. wait up.  bj, you really should tell them the truth.  barney, i wanted to tell them, but, oh, i just made a big mistake.  what should i do. oh...  oh, bj...   what should i do.    whatshouldi do.    what should i do when i don't know what i should do.    should i make a brave face.    should i cross my arms and wait.    should i count the ticktocks on my clock    when i haven't got a clue.    what should i do.    what should he do.    what should i do.    what should he do.    what should i do    when i don't know what i should do.    should i tap my toes.    should i shout a big "oh, no.".    should i ring my mom or sing a song.    i'm feeling so confused    what should i do.    what should he do.    what should i do.    what should he do.    what should i do when i don't know what i should do.    what should i do.    what should he do.    what should i do.    what should he do.    what should i do when i don't know what i should do.   oh, okay, barney, all i have to do is tell everybody i didn't paint that picture.  and i'm gonna do it right now.  that sounds like a very good thing to do, bj.  okay, here we are.  we're ready for our lesson.  first, i have to tell you something.  that's my cousin, you know.  great artists run in the family.  oh...  all right, bj.  look, first you have to know...  yes, bj.  you have to know...  uhhuh. you can do it.  you have to know what you're gonna paint.  yeah, that's it.  what do you want to paint today.  let's think.   what shall we paint today.    we'll paint something fun    what shall we paint today.    we'll paint something fun    using paints and brushes    we'll paint our favorite things    there's lots of pretty colors    listen to us sing    what shall we paint today.    we'll paint something fun    i painted a car   i painted a house.  do you have another paper.  i painted a flower.  i painted a heart.  someone draws on the back of here.  i made a sun. uhoh.   what shall we paint today.    we'll paint something fun    what shall we paint today.    we'll paint something fun    using paints and brushes    we'll paint our favorite things    there's lots of pretty colors, listen to us sing    what shall we paint today.    we'll paint something fun.   okay, bj, show us how to paint something fun.  i want to paint a picture of barney just like my big brother did.  good idea, baby bop.  come on, bj.  yeah, show us how to paint a picture of barney.  well, you, uh...  okay, bj, we're waiting.  you take your brush and, and...  what do i do now, barney.  this might be a good time to tell them, bj.  tell us what.  oh, man, everybody, i can't paint a picture of barney.  why not, beej.  well, because... i can't paint like this.  i don't know how.  well, then who painted that picture of barney.  it was sarah.  i know i should have said something.  and i'm really, really sorry.  barney, why did bj tell us he painted that picture.  maybe it was because he thought you'd like him better if he was a great artist.  we like bj just like he is.  all: yeah.  then why don't we go tell him that.  better clean up a little bit.  bj, we have something to tell you.  we want you to know we don't care if you're a great artist or not.  we like you just the way you are.  you do.  uhhuh. and thanks for telling us the truth.  you mean, you aren't mad at me.  hey, you're still our friend, bj.  and friends forgive each other when they make mistakes.  he's right. uhhuh.  and beej, you'll always be our friend.   friends are special    so important, they make the world go 'round    we like helping one another in school or on the playground    friends are there to help each other    when one is feeling sad    being friends is very special, be a friend and you'll be glad   that's right.  i still feel bad, barney.  come here, bj.   friends are special, so important    they make the world go round   uhhuh.   we like helping one another    in school or on the playground    friends are there to help each other    when one is feeling sad    being friends is very special    be a friend and you'll be glad    being friends is very special    be a friend and you'll be glad   it's true.  thanks for being my friend.  you're welcome, bj.  hey, look, sarah's back.  all: hi, sarah.  are you ready to finish that picture now, barney.  i surely am.  let's see, um...  how's that.  oh, that looks great.  i'm almost done.  i just need to add a little more paint right here.  that's how i'd do it.   if i knew how to paint.  there, all done.  would everyone like to see it. )