 big animal or a small one.  it was very big.  this case is solved.  ...an elephant.  why, it wasn't that big, bj.  no. then it was...  a mouse.  well, no, it wasn't that little.  well, it was some kind of wild beast, and i'm going to find it.  you mean like a lion. or a tiger.  or a bear.  oh, my.  oh, brother.  i don't think we have those animals in the park.  but if we use our imaginations and pretend we're on a jungle adventure, we'll see all sorts of things.   we're going on a jungle adventure    to see what we can see    there's a lion and a tiger and a great, big monkey    swingin' on the branch of a tree    it looks like a chimpanzee    oh, here in the jungle you can hear the lions roar    rrrrrrrrrrhinoceros and tigers and so much more    hear the snakes hissing in the grass below     see the silly monkeys putting on a show    the jungle is the place to go    we're going on a jungle adventure    to see what we can see    there's a great big elephant taking a bath    getting clean as he can be    i hope he doesn't step on me    oh, here in the jungle, you can hear the lions roar    rrrrrrrrrrhinoceros and tigers and so much more    hear the snakes hissing in the grass below    ssssssssee the silly monkeys putting on a show    the jungle is the place to go   oh.  the jungle is the place to go    the jungle is the place to go.   i know i can solve this mystery if i can just find some clues.  well, we know the animal likes healthy snacks because it ate baby bop's apple.  and i think it had brown fur.  aha, another clue.  no, no, wait. it had white fur.  oh. no, no, no, no, no. brownandwhite fur.  i see. can you think of any other clues.  well, i don't know, bj.  i just heard something nibble my apple and when i turned around, it hopped away.  aha.  the nibbling beast likes to hop.  very good, detective bj.  can you think of any animals that like to hop.  i know you can.   a fat green frog on a bright blue day    doesn't need fancy toys to play    he bends down low then jumps up high    now pretend that you're a froggy bouncing by    and hop, hop, hop, hippity hop     it's so much fun    you just can't stop    hop, hop    hippity hop    everybody's happy when they hop    way down under lives a kangaroo    she takes much bigger hops than others do    she bends down low, then jumps up high    now pretend that you're a kangaroo bouncing by    and hop, hop, hop    hippity hop    it's so much fun, you just can't stop    hop, hop    hippity hop    everybody's happy when they hop    did you ever see a littlebitty bunny run.    the way he gets around is a lot of fun    he bends down low, then jumps up high    now pretend that you're a bunny bouncing by     and hop, hop, hop, hippity hop     it's so much fun    you just can't stop, hop, hop     hippity hop    everybody's happy when they hop, hop, hop    everybody's happy when they hop.   bye now. bye. bye.  okay, so, this furry, brown and white animal likes healthy snacks and it hops.  oh, and it has long ears.  aha. the mystery is solved.  your apple was eaten by...  a kangaroo.  a kangaroo. a kangaroo.  well, yeah. kangaroos are brown and white and they have long ears and they hop.  but, bj...  elementary, my dear sissy.  i'll find that hopping snacknabber.  barney: okay.  barney, uhhuh.  do you think it was a kangaroo.  um... maybe it would help if we looked at some animal pictures.  oh, yes, i think it will.  barney: right here in the caboose.  okay, here's a picture of a kangaroo. oh.  well, it does have long ears.  and it hops.  but the animal i saw had a small, fluffy tail.  oh, like this rabbit.  they like healthy snacks and they hop and have long ears and small, fluffy tails.  oh, that's almost it, barney.  but the one i saw had droopy ears.  okay, uh... droopy ears, huh.  oh, like these bunnies. oh, yes.   they're called lopeared rabbits, and they're usually someone's pet.  oh, no.  well, the one i saw might be lost.  oh, maybe we should try to find it.  okay, let's go. here, come on.  oh, it's very important to take care of your pets.  let's see how some of our friends take care of their pets.  come here... come here.  all:  yes    let's take care of our pets    our hamsters and bunnies and turtles    our fishes and frogs and our cats and our dogs    let's take care of our pets   barney:  give them food and water    run with them down the trail    brush out their fur    you might get a purr    or even a wagging tail   all:  yes, let's take care of our pets    our hamsters and bunnies and turtles    our fishes and frogs and our cats and our dogs    let's take care of our pets    our fishes and frogs and our cats and our dogs    let's take care of our pets.   hmm, not in there. let's see.  oh, hey, little bunny, have you seen a kangaroo.  no. okay, see you later.  here, bunny, bunny, bunny.  oh, barney, i don't see it anywhere.  oh, i think i know a way to find it.  do you have any more of those healthy snacks.  well, yes. are you hungry.  no, but the bunny might be.  oh, oh, good.  oh, these apples will be great.  and a banana. there.  baby bop: carrot for the bunny.   okay.  we've placed snacks at different places around the park.  yeah, we did.  oh, look.  the rabbit is back.  oh, let's go see the bunny.  right. let's go.  well, hello, mr. bunny.  are you lost.  he's hungry, that's for sure.  sissy, i have good news.  i've looked everywhere, and the kangaroo is gone.  your snacks are safe.  well, shh, bj.  you'll scare the bunny.  well, what bunny.  this one.  the one who ate my snacks.  the one who what....  oh. bunny.  i knew that.  hi, barney. hi, everybody.   hey, have you seen....  flopsy.  there you are.  thanks for finding him.  oh, you're very welcome.  do you call him flopsy because of his floppy ears.  that's right.  very good, detective bj.  his ears do hang low, don't they.  baby bop: yeah.   do your ears hang low, do they wobble to and fro.    can you tie 'em in a knot, can you tie 'em in a bow.    can you throw 'em o'er your shoulder    like a continental soldier.    do your ears hang low.    do your ears hang low, do they wobble to and pro.    can you tie 'em in a knot, can you tie 'em in a bow.    can you throw 'em o'er your shoulder    like a continental soldier.    do your ears hang low.   barney : i love this song.   do your ears hang low.    do they wobble to and fro.    can you tie 'em in a knot, can you tie 'em in a bow.    can you throw 'em o'er your shoulder    like a continental soldier.    do your ears hang low.    are you hungry, flopsy.  oh, he had a lot of healthy snacks today.  amy, can we help you take care of him.  sure, come on.  bye, barney.  see you later. byebye.  byebye. i'll see you later.  byebye now.  oh, it's so good to have friends who care about us, friends who watch out for us and help us when we need it.  friends just like you.   i'm so happy you're the one    that's here today, having fun    wherever we go, whatever we do    it's better with a friend like you   :  everything's better with a friend    everything's better with a friend like you    playing, pretending, whatever we do    it's better with a friend like you    everything's better with a friend    everything's better with a friend like you    playing, pretending, whatever we do    it's better with a friend like you    playing, pretending, whatever we do    it's better with a friend like you.   time for barney's music box.  @@@@@@@@@  the itsy bitsy spider up the waterspout    doon came the rain and washed the spider out   whoohoo.   out same the sun and dried up all the rain    and the itsy bitsy spider went up the spout again    and again, and again, and again.   whee.  good throw, tracy.  thanks, barney.  here you go, ryan.   oh, what's that, mrs. duck.   you want to go for a swim.  oh, yeah.  sure, go right ahead.  oh, i'll watch the eggs for you.   oh.  ooh, hello.  sorry.  whoa.  oh, no.   whew, that was close.  oh, barney, that ball almost landed in the nest.  well, i'm very sorry, riff.  oh, that's okay.  just be careful.  okay. oh, look at the eggs.  tracy: wow. cool.  riff: yep, they're duck eggs.  i'm watching them while the mama duck goes swimming.  that's a very nice thing to do, riff.  oh, thanks. i was happy to help.  that's what friends do, right.  barney: right.  oh, just put this over...  oh, sorry, folks, you'll have to go around.  duck eggs. see.  oh, thank you.  oh, taking care of these eggs is a lot of work.  oh, you brought your guitar.  are you going to play it for the ducks.  yep, thought i'd play a little lullaby for the eggs.  now, i have been practicing every day, so i hope it sounds okay.  okay.   that was terrific. wow, that was so...  shh. thank you, but don't wake up the eggs.  how can you tell they're sleeping.  well... i can't.   but i imagine they are.  let's step back a minute, okay. come on.  oh, riff, they're very lucky to have a special friend like you.  oh, thanks, barney.   friends are special, so important    they make the world go round    we like helping one another in school or on the playground    friends are there to help each other    when one is feeling sad    being friends is very special    be a friend, and you'll be glad   oh.  yes, you will.    friends are special, so important    they make the world go round   there you go.   we like helping one another in school or on the playground    friends are there to help each other    when one is feeling sad    being friends is very special    be a friend, and you'll be glad    being friends is very special    be a friend, and you'll be glad.   let's see now...  that was so... yay.  that was fun. all right, bye.  bye now. see you later. bye, guys.  oh, i better make sure the eggs are still okay. okay.  i'm walking with you.  ooh.  how do they look, mrs. duck.   ooh, she says they're fine, orwell, i think that's what she said.   oh, yeah, they're fine.  oh, boy, i can't wait to see the baby ducks.  baby ducks are called ducklings and they're very cute.  they look a lot like grownup ducks, but smaller.   they'll have two wings, a tail,  and a long bill.  will their feet look like the mama duck's.  well, they sure will.  ducks' feet are webbed.  they have a little bit of skin between each toe.  oh, they sort of look like paddles.  yes, they do. they use those paddles to swim.  there she goes.  back for another swim.  do you like to play in the water.  i know i do.  splashing in water can be great fun.    we drink it wn we're thirsty, each and every day    we find it in the pool where we splash and play    it's a home for fishes, frogs and more    that's what wonderful water's for    splash and sprinkle    drink and pour, that's what wonderful water's for    put it in a bucket when the car needs a scrub    water when we're bathing in a bubbly tub    filling up the ocean from shore to shore    that's what wonderful water's for    splash and sprinkle, drink and pour    that's what wonderful water's for    splash and sprinkle, drink and pour    that's what wonderful water's for.   oh, hey, barney, i just thought of something.  oh, what's that.  well, when the ducklings hatch, they're going to be hungry.  oh, you're right, riff.  we can go to the caboose and find something for them to eat.  oh, but, um... do you think they'll be all right while i'm gone.  oh, i think so.  mrs. duck is here to watch them.  well, okay.  okay. let's go get that food.  all right. bye, mrs. duck.   hi, bj. hi, beej.  oh, hi, barney. hi, riff.  what are you doing.  oh, wait, wait... let's see if i can guess.  you're wearing a fishing hat, a vest.  you're holding a long pole. uhhuh.  hmm, are you going fishing.  that's right.  whoa, whoa, whoa, hold on.  where are you planning on fishing.  in the pond, i guess.  no, no, no. not in my pond.  i mean, not in the duck's pond.  oh, you might disturb the duck eggs.  duck eggs. cool.  no problemo, riff.  i'll go somewhere else.  oh, i never thought about fish in the pond.  i hope they don't bother the ducks.  oh, i think they'll be okay, riff.  ducks swim on top of the water and fish live under the water.  let me show you. oh, cool.  come over here. okay.  barney: see, riff. fish and ducks both like to swim, and they both have tails.  except fish don't have feathers.  barney: that's true.  and they stay under the water, so they won't bother the ducks at all.  bj: ooh, look at this one.  i like that cool color.  riff: oh, i like the big one.  hey, did i ever tell you about the last time i went fishing.  uh, no, beej, i don't think so.  well, listen up, 'cause this is no fish story.   one, two, three, four, five    once i caught a fish alive    six, seven, eight, nine, ten    then i let him go again    why did you let him go.    because he bit my finger so    which finger did he bite.    this little finger on the right   whoa, check it out.  oh, nice catch, bj. thanks.  wowzer. let's go fishing, too, barney.  okay, that's a great idea.  hey, you guys, get your poles.  i've got a feeling they're really bitin' today. whoa.  both:  one, two, three, four, five    once i caught a fish alive    six, seven, eight, nine, ten    then i let him go again    why did you let him go.    because he bit my finger so    which finger did he bite.    this little finger on the right.   look what i caught.  good job, riff. whoa.  i've got a big one.  ayyiyi.  that was tippitytop. thanks, beej. yeah.  now, am i forgetting something. i... uh...  i think you were going to get some food for the ducklings.  oh, the ducklings.  oh, i better go check on them.  oh, sorry, beej, i don't have time for fishing now.  gotta go, gotta go.  oh, no. oh, no.  no, no. oh... hey, what happened to the eggs.  riff: oh, they're... they're broken.  all of them.  what's wrong.  what's going on.  the duck eggs are broken.  i never should have left.  i should have stayed right here with them.  but, riff... oh, it's all my fault.  riff, i think there's something you should see.  riff: aw. baby ducks.  where'd they come from.  well, the eggs weren't broken.  they hatched.  wow. look at them.  i think they're saying thank you for watching over them.  riff : you're welcome.  and they already know how to swim.  they most certainly do.   who knows how to paddle all around the pond.   quack, quack, quack, the duckies do   who knows how to waddle all around the lawn.   quack, quack, quack, the duckiesdo   they quack when they talk    they wiggle when they walk    they quack when they're swimming, too    quack, quack, quack, let's do what the duckies do   barney: oh, come on, let's do what the duckies do.   barney: that's it.   who knows how to paddle all around the pond   quack, quack, quack, the duckies do   who knows how to waddle all around the lawn.   quack, quack, quack, the duckies do  they quack when they talk  they wiggle when they walk   they quack when they're swimming, too    quack, quack, quack, let's do what the duckies do   come on.   quack, quack, quack, let's do what the duckies do.    bye. bye.  bye. bye. byebye.  see you later.  i guess we won't need these anymore.  oh, and the baby ducklings won't need me anymore.  they'll be grown up before you know it and they'll fly away to start families of their own.  yep, i hope so.  so what are you going to do, now that the ducklings have hatched.  well... ooh, i know just what to do, if you still have time, beej.  oh, well, what's that, riff.  i want to go fishing.  you got it.  let's go get some fishing poles.  that's a great idea. all right.  see ya, barney. bye, barney. byebye.  see you later. see you later, bye.  riff found out that taking care of animal friends can be a lot of work.  but helping our friends is a great way to say "i love you."   i love you    you love me    we're a happy family    with a great big hug and a kiss from me to you    won't you say you love me, too.   barney & kids:  i love you    you love me    we're best friends like friends should be    with a great big hug and a kiss from me to you    won't you say you love me, too.   captioned by media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org  kids: let's play with barney.  hello again to all my friends.  i'm glad you're here today.  there's lots to do when i'm with you.  let's have fun and play.  today let's play like we're robots.  it's fun to move to music that has a short, fast beat.  can you pretend to be a robot.  thanks for playing.  i love you.  know.  when you cross the street, you have to look both ways.  a turtle walks slow.  best friends share things.  what do you know. hmmmm...  sounds make...   mooo.    meow...meow.   hooheehee.   quackquackquack.  what sounds can you make.   love.  i love my mommy and daddy.  i love my granny.  i love my friend, aniya.  i love my family.  what do you love.  something do.  hop.  make a silly face.   cartwheel.  what can you do.  )