  and when he's tall, he's what we call    a dinosaur sensation     barney's friends are big and small    they come from lots of places    after school, they meet to play    and sing with happy faces    barney shows us lots of things    like how to play pretend    abcs and one, two, threes    and how to be a friend    barney comes to play with us    whenever we may need him    barney can be your friend, too    if you just makebelieve him.   whoa.  all: barney.  well, hello, everybody.  hi, there. good to see you.  good morning.  oh, hi, carmen.  hi, barney.  did you hear the big news.  oh, what big news is that.  i'll let them tell you.  bye, barney. all right, okay, goodbye, carmen.  barney. barney.  have you seen this.  you're never going to believe it. it's...  it's unbelievable.  we were walking past the thing over by that thing and we saw this thing.  and just look, look, look, look. okay.  whoa. oh, farmer mcdonald's petting zoo is coming to the park.  oh, that should be fun.  are there going to be little lambs that go, "baa".  and chickens too"bak, bak, bak..." boy.  and pigs that... .  and they roll in the mud.  now that's living.  well, i can see you're looking forward to this.  hmm, it looks like the animals will be here in about a week.  a week.. you can't be serious.  a week isn't too very long.  but we don't want to wait at all.   i just can't wait    it's just not fair    i'm standing here    but i want to be there    i just can't wait for what tomorrow brings    i just can't wait for... anything...   barney: oh, i can tell.   i just can't wait    for some summer fun    like going to the beach    or playing in the sun    i want to jump and splash when it rains in the spring    she just can't wait for... anything    i just can't wait    for the colors of fall    to jump in some leaves or play football    he just can't wait for a winter's chill    i want to ride my sled from the top of the hill    she just can't wait    it's just not fair    i'm standing here but i want to be there    she just can't wait for what tomorrow brings    she just can't wait for anything    we just can't wait for what tomorrow brings    we just can't wait for... anything   oh, no.   they just can't wait for anything.   where are the animals, barney.  oh, i hope were not too late.  actually, baby bop, you're a little early.  saturday is nearly a week away.  sissy, you know how long a week is.  but, i don't, bj.  is it longer than a day.  well, sure. it's, uh...  uh... maybe you ought to tell her, barney.  instead of telling, i can show you.  come with me, please.  now, this is a calendar and these are the days of the week.  you see, there are seven days in each week.  i was gonna say that.  now, the petting zoo is coming on saturday.  it's right here.  and then there's sunday, monday, tuesday, wednesday, thursday, friday, and saturday.  that's one week.  sunday, monday, tuesday...  wednesday, thursday, oh, ooh...  friday... right.  and saturday.  those are the seven days of the week.   there are seven days   there are seven days   there are seven days in a week    there are seven days, there are seven days    there are seven days in a week    sunday, monday, tuesday, wednesday    thursday, friday, saturday  uhhuh.   sunday, monday, tuesday, wednesday    thursday, friday, saturday   right.  once more, barney. okay.   there are seven days   there are seven days   there are seven days in a week    there are seven days, there are seven days    there are seven days in a week    sunday, monday, tuesday, wednesday    thursday, friday, saturday    sunday, monday, tuesday, wednesday    thursday, friday, saturday   good.  yesterday was sunday, today is monday and the animals will be here on saturday.  sissy's right, that's a long time.  i know it isn't fun to wait, but sometimes, the waiting makes things even better.  how, barney.  when we look forward to something, we enjoy it even more when it happens.  yeah, but...  we still have to wait for tuesday.  and wednesday...  and thursday...  and friday.  and that's almost...  forever.  if we mark off each day when it's over, you'll see saturday getting closer and closer.  yeah, but that's not going to make the days go by any faster.  oh, i think saturday will be here before you know it, because all the days from now till then will be full of wonderful new things.  there's so much we can do and see and learn with every new day.  what sort of things do you do each day.  scott.   it's a bright new day    full of possibilities    it's a bright new day    anything can happen, just wait and see    it's a bright new day    and we can't wait to get started    from when the sun goes up until the sun goes down    fun and surprises will be all around    sunday, monday, any day    together with our friends we can learn and play    it's a bright new day    full of possibilities    it's a bright new day    anything can happen, just wait and see    it's a bright new day    and we can't wait to get started    it could be sunny outside or pouring rain    we know the weather will always change    it really doesn't matter 'cause we find a way    to make the most of every day    it's a bright new day    full of possibilities    it's a bright new day    anything can happen, just wait and see    it's a bright new day    and we can't wait to get started    today.   you're all going to be very busy from today till saturday.  whoa. oh, cool.  wow. whoa.  barney: there's a ball game for bj, ballet class for baby bop, and a music concert for riff.  on tuesday, bj has a baseball game.   grab a bat and get your glove    baseball, baseball    the sky is blue way up above    what a baseball day   bj: now tuesday is over.  on wednesday, baby bop has ballet class.  byebye.  there goes wednesday.  barney: and riff is giving a concert on thursday.   abcdefg    hijklmnop    qrstuv    wxy and z...   that's it for thursday.  ooh, so today's friday.  it's almost saturday.  barney, can we sleep in the caboose tonight so we'll be here first thing in the morning.  sounds like a teerific idea.  oh, boy.  barney: there we go. all set.   oh, i'll be close by if you need me.  okay. okay.  barney: okay.  nightnight for now.  all: night, barney.  well, that's it.  i can't sleep.  i'm too excited.  sissy, try counting lambs.  okay.  one, two...    : works every time.  night, riff.  night, beej.    ice cream.   macaroni and cheese.    oh. yeah.  very funny, riff.  now keep it down and let me sleep. ugh.   oh, hush, bj, please.  i'm still sleepy.  that wasn't me.   finally, it's saturday.  all: yay. saturday.   well, there they are. i knew you could wait.  baby bop: look at all the animals.  wow, it's a regular farm.  oh, wow.  and they all look so cut.   old macdonald had a farm, eieio    and on this farm he had a cow, eieio    with a moomoo here and a moomoo there    here a moo, there a moo, everywhere a moomoo    old macdonald had a farm, eieio    and on this farm he had a pig, eieio    with an oinkoink here, and an oinkoink there    here an oink, there an oink, everywhere an oinkoink    moomoo here and a moomoo there    here a moo, there a moo, everywhere a moomoo   all:  old macdonald had a farm    eieio    and on this farm he had a duck, eieio    with a quackquack here and a quackquack there    here a quack, there a quack, everywhere a quackquack   bj:  an oinkoink here and an oinkoink there    here an oink    there an oink, everywhere an oinkoink    a moomoo here and a moomoo there    here a moo, there a moo, everywhere a moomoo    old macdonald had a farm, eieio   oh, yes, he did.   and on this farm he had a horse, eieio    with a neighneigh here and a neighneigh there    here a neigh, there a neigh, everywhere a neighneigh    a quackquack here and a quackquack there    here a quack, there a quack, everywhere a quackquack    an oinkoink here and an oinkoink there    here an oink, there an oink, everywhere an oinkoink    a moomoo here and a moomoo there    here a moo, there a moo, everywhere a moomoo    old macdonald had a farm, eieio.     da, da, da.   barney: oh, yeah. oh.  you were totally, totally right, barney.  yeah, it isn't easy to wait when you're really looking forward to something.  but sometimes waiting makes it even better.  and there's nothing better than sharing happy times with friends like you.   i'm so happy you're the one    that's here today having fun    wherever we go, whatever we do    it's better with a friend like you   all:  everything's better with a friend    everything's better with a friend like you    playing, pretending, whatever we do    it's better with a friend like you    everything's better with a friend    everything's better with a friend like you    playing, pretending, whatever we do    it's better with a friend like you    playing, pretending, whatever we do    it's better with a friend like you.    barney: now here's a barney toon.  time for barney's music box.  @@@@@@@@  if you're happy and you know it, clap your hands    if you're happy and you know it, clap your hands    if you're happy and you know it    and you really want to show it    if you're happy and you know it, clap your hands.    hey, guys, coming through.  hi, barney.  oh, well, hi there, amy.  oh, it looks like you're having fun today.  oh, i am.  just watch me go. okay.  see ya, barney.  see ya later, amy.  hiya, barney. huh.  byeya, barney.  well, was that bj.  it sounded like bj.  : oh.  yeah, it's me. ah.  that was some pretty cool scootering, huh.  uhhuh.  yeah, and i like riding my scooter more than anything in the whole wide world.  oh.  : hey, bj, hold up. oh.  uh, hi there, riff. hi, riff.  hi. beej, could i try riding your scooter.  i'll be careful.  being careful is very important.  oh, will you bereallycareful.  sure.  and watch out for puddles, and no wheelies, and take it slow, okay.  you got it.  well, i guess.  we can take turns.  oh, goodie.  bj, it's nice of you to share your scooter with riff.  hey, that's what friends do, right.  right.  it's always more fun when friends do things together.  yeah.   together, together, playing together    it's so much fun as you can see    together, together, whenever we're together    it's a great time for you and me   oh, it is.   nothing can stop us when we get together    every day and every night    playing together, anything is possible    when you're here, things turn out right   uh, that's right.   together, together, playing together    it's so much fun as you can see    together, together, whenever we're together    it's a great time for you    for you and me.    oh.  you're very good at that, riff.  thanks, but you think that's good, watch this.  okay, but be careful, riff.  that's right. be careful.  here i go. barney: riff, hold on.  oh. hey, riff, watch out, slow down.  oh, no, no...  not so fast.   oh, no. let's see. oh, riff.   riff, are you all right.  yeah, i'm... i'm fine.  yeah. let me just, uh...  uh... oh.  oh, no.  my scooter.  riff, look what you did.  you said you'd be careful.  aw, beej, i'm sorry. i...  i didn't mean to wreck it, honest. i...  yeah, i know you didn't.  it's just...  man, i really liked that scooter.  oh, are you going to be all right, bj.  yeah, sure. i just think i got something in my eye.  i better go check it out.  okay.  oh, why wasn't i more careful.  why didn't i do like you said.  oh, it'll be okay, riff. this is a big mistake.   oh, oh, oh    what a big mistake       no, no, no    look, my knees have started to shake    whoa, whoa, whoa    this is more than i can take    oh, oh, oh    what a big mistake   barney: it's okay.   i thought things were going okay    but they turned out wrong    so wrong    and i hope everything works out    before too long   i'm sure they will.   but until they do    i'm gonna sing this song    whoaoh    oh, oh, oh    what a big mistake.   i know. but, riff...  oh, barney, what am l going to do.   so, so, so    you made a big mistake       no, no, no    you don't need to shiver and shake    all you need to know, for goodness sake    is that you can learn    i can learn    yes, you can learn from your mistakes.    oh, you can.   this was bj's favorite thing in the world, and i broke it.  oh, there has to be something i can do.  i know.  i'll get him a new scooter.  oh, that's very nice, riff, but they do cost a lot of money.  then i'll earn some money.  i'll...  but how.  well, uh...  you know, uh, sometimes people take things they don't use anymore and sell them to other people.  that's called a rummage sale.  yeah...  i could do that.  okay, here's the last of it.  oh, don't start the "rumba" sale without me.  it's a "rummage" sale, silly.  oh.  oh, barney, i told baby bop about it, and she's going to help me earn the money.  great.  hi, barney. hi there, baby bop.  um, can we start now.  why not.  rummage sale.  come to the rummage sale.  help riff get a new scooter for bj.  shh, it's a surprise, okay.  oh, okay.  never mind the last part, it's a surprise.  oh, man.  welcome. welcome, everyone.  baby bop: hi. would you like a toy or a doll.  hi there.  what's this thing.  oh, that's my old didgeridoo.  it's a musical instrument from australia.  maybe you can show him how it's played, riff.  okay.  well, first you hold it like this, and you put it up to your mouth and you...   man, i love the sound of a didgeridoo.  hey, barney.  hi, mario. all: hi, mario.  you know, that didgeridoo would be great for the band my friends and i are starting.  oh, do you want to buy it.  yeah. oh, but i don't have any money.  um, that won't help us get bj a scooter.  a scooter.  hmm, that gives me an idea.  hold onto that, i'll be right back. okay.  oh, wow, barney, just look at all the money we're making.  oh, i know, riff.  uh, let's see. all right.  barney:  pennies in my pocket, nickels and dimes   riff:  i can hear the money in this pocket of mine   baby bop:  little ones, big ones, silver and brown    shiny and round   all:  coins all together make a jinglin' sound       make a jinglin' sound       with pennies in my pockets, here's what i could do    if i was at a store, i could buy something new   baby bop:  perhaps a piece of candy or a big red balloon   riff:  a book, or some blocks, and a button or two   all:  pennies in my pockets, nickels and dimes    i can hear the money in this pocket of mine    little ones, big ones, silver and brown    shiny and round    coins all together make a jinglin' sound    make a jinglin' sound       pennies in my pockets, nickels and dimes    i can hear the money in this pocket of mine    little ones, big ones, silver and brown    shiny and round   all:  coins all together make a jinglin' sound       make a jinglin' sound       make a jinglin' sound.    okay, take off 25 cents... okay.  25 cents there... oh.  fifteen...  riff: keep adding, barney.  hi, guys.  oh. hi, bj. hi, bj. hi, beej.  are you feeling better now.  well, a little.  hey, where'd all this come from.  oh, this.  just some old toys i don't play with anymore.  i'm, uh... giving them away. yeah.  wow. oh, could i have this baseball.  um, sure, beej, anything you want.  thanks. yeah.  riff. come here, come here.  : hey, i thought we were making money for his scooter.  well, we are, but i don't want bj to pay for his own scooter.  hey, look, you guys.  riff's giving his old toys away.  yeah, take anything you want.  uhoh. barney, they're taking everything.  baby bop: uhoh.  bj: oh, take the duck, don't forget the duck.  um... bj: yeah, take that.  take the hat.  bj: oh, just take that old basket, yeah.  well, i'm going to go play with my new ball.  see ya.  okay, bj. bye. bye, bj.  how much do we have now, barney.  well, let me see now... 15, 16, 17...  hmm, it looks like $9.47.  i'm afraid that's not enough for a scooter.  oh, there's nothing left except for this.  would you trade it for this.  i don't use it anymore, what do you think.  i think, uh...  here's your didgeridoo.  thanks. here's your scooter.  see you guys later.  thanks, mario. bye, mario.  wowzer. wow, what a cool scooter.  who's the lucky kid who owns this.  all: you are.  me. really.  well, riff knew how much the scooter meant to you, bj, so he worked very hard to get you a new one.  and i helped.  this thing is awesome.  thanks, guys.  hey, it's what friends do, right.  right.     all:  shoobee doobe doobe    best of friends is what we'll be    you'll see    shoobee doobe doobe    best of friends is what we'll be    agreed.    i like you and you like me    it's as easy as abc    near or far    wherever you are   both:  best of friends is what we'll be    shoobee doobe doobe    best of friends is what we'll be    you'll see   both:  shoobee doobe doobe    best of friends is what we'll be    agreed.    a friend will share    a friend will care   both:  a friend is someone who's always there    lose or win    you can count me in    we'll be friends through thick and thin      all:  shoobee doobe doobe    best of friends is what we'll be    you'll see    shoobee doobe doobe    best of friends is what we'll be    agreed.    yeah. riff, i don't know what to say.  then don't say anything, just ride it.  all right.  here i go. all right.  bye. i'll see you later.  bye, barney. bye.  scooters and toys can be lots of fun, but the most fun of all is sharing these things with friends you love.      i love you    you love me    we're a happy family    with a great big hug and a kiss from me to you    won't you say you love me, too.      all:  i love you    you love me    we're best friends like friends should be    with a great big hug and a kiss from me to you    won't you say you love me, too.    kids: let's play with barney.  hello again to all my friends.  i'm glad you're here today.  there's lots to do when i'm with you.  let's have fun and play.  can you skip to the sound of a flute.   now, stomp your feet with the beat of a drum.   let's hop with the piano.   oh, you're good at moving to music.  thanks for playing.  i love you.  know.  i know how to read books.  i know how to brush my teeth.  i know how to spell star.  i know how to dial 911.  what do you know. hmmmm...  sounds make...     )   what sounds can you make.   love.  i love rainbows.  grapes. pizza.  horses.  i love my dog, tippy.  what do you love.  something do.   snap.  clap.  wink.   what can you do.  chuck e. cheese's...  proud supporter of pbs kids...  who know the first step to doing big things )