  barney is a dinosaur from our imagination    and when he's tall, he's what we call a dinosaur sensation.   captioning sponsored by hit entertainment  barney's friends are big and small    they come from lots of places    after school, they meet to play    and sing with happy faces.    barney shows us lots of things    like how to play pretend    abcs and 123s and how to be a friend.     barney comes to play with us whenever we may need him    barney can be your friend, too    if you just makebelieve him.   whoa.  kids: barney.  barney: oh, hello, everybody.  oh, what a wonderful day.  just listen to the happy sound of friends having fun.   hmm, well, i wonder who made that sound.  do you know.  brian: hi, barney.  hi, brian.  what a pretty dog you have.  his name's reilly.  he really likes to play with this ball.  sit, reilly.  hi, barney, hi, brian.  hi, b.j., hi, baby bop.  cool dog.  oh, look, can we pet him, barney.  that's a good question, baby bop.  you should always ask before you pet a dog you don't know.  sure, it's okay.  he likes to be petted.  great.  b.j., baby bop, this is reilly.  hiya, reilly.  good dog.  baby bop: hello.   i think that's dog talk for "hello to you, too." oh.  brian, can we play with you and reilly.  i'd like to, b.j., but i have to go to the dentist.  i have to get reilly home now.  well, hold on.  i could, you know, watch him while you're gone...  if it's okay.  taking care of a pet is a big responsibility, b.j.  i know i can do it, barney.  well, if it's okay with brian.  sure, that would be great.  all right.  oh, thanks.  if he gets hungry, he really likes his treats.  okay.  oh, we know all about that.  b.j.'s the same way.  hey...  i'll be back soon, reilly.  thanks. see you.   awesome.  i always wanted a dog.  oh, well, we have a friend with a dog like reilly, remember.  he's a farmer, and we met them once on a farm, not so long ago.  yeah.    there was a farmer had a dog and bingo was his name, oh    bingo    bingo    bingo    and bingo was his name, oh.   that's right.  all:  there was a farmer had a dog and bingo was his name, oh     ingo     ingo     ingo    and bingo was his name, oh.       tre was a farmer had a dog    and bingo was his name, oh     ngo     ngo     ngo    and bingo was his name, oh.       there was a farmer had a dog    and bingo was his name, oh     go     go     go   all:  and bingo was his name, oh.       there was a farmer had a dog and bingo was his name, oh     o     o     o    and bingo was his name, oh.       there was a farmer had a dog and bingo was his name, oh       and bingo was his name, oh.    good dog.  oh, man, i can't wait for everybody to see him.  can i walk him, too, b.j..  i don't know, sissy.  taking care of a dog is a big responsibility.  adam: wow, b.j.  that's a great dog.  hey, adam.  yeah, isn't he something.  name's reilly.  can i pet him.  oh, sure you can.  so what do you want to do, reilly.  play catch, have a race, fetch.  now, you know, b.j., there's more to having a dog than just having fun.  there is.  having a dog can be a lot of work, too.  you have to feed them and brush them...  and even give them baths.  oh, that's no fun.  but a pet needs those things just as much as he needs to play and have fun.    yes, let's take care of our pets    our hamsters and bunnies and turtles    our fishes and frogs and our cats and our dogs    let's take care of our pets.   all:  give them food and water    run with them down the trail    brush out their fur, you might get a purr    or even a wagging tail    yes, let's take care of our pets    our hamsters and bunnies and turtles    our fishes and frogs and our cats and our dogs    let's take care of our pets    our fishes and frogs and our cats and our dogs    let's take care of our pets.    if that's what it takes, that's what i'll do.  of course, i still get to play with him, right, barney.  of course, b.j.  great.  so, what'll we do first.  oh, i know.  let's play house and reilly can be the baby and i can dress him up and give him a bottle.  i don't think he'd like that, would you, reilly.  see, sissy.  that's a very good trick, reilly.  do you know some more.    sounds like "yesyes" to me.  i think you're right.    you don't have to be a cute ball of fuzz    to do all the tricks my doggie does   all:  let's all barkruff, ruff.because    it's fun to do the tricks my little dog does.   reilly, sit.  reilly, shake hands.  reilly, lie down.  good little doggie.  all:  you don't have to be a cute ball of fuzz    to do all the tricks my doggie does    let's all barkruff, ruff.because    it's fun to do the tricks my little dog does.   reilly, roll over.  reilly, sit up.  reilly, bow.  good little doggie.    you don't have to be a cute ball of fuzz    to do all the tricks my doggie does    let's all barkruff, ruff.because    it's fun to do the tricks my little dog does.    let's all barkruff, ruff.because    it's fun to do the tricks my little dog does.    barney: good boy.   b.j. that's a good dog.   hey, you guys want to see him fetch.  sure.  okay.  here's the ball.  thanks, barney.  okay, reilly, here we go.  and... get it, boy.  wow.  did you see him go.  he's almost faster than me.  you certainly threw the ball very far, b.j.  yeah, i have quite an arm.  probably could throw a ball to the moon if i wanted to.  yup, all the way to the moon.  um, b.j..  yeah.  why is reilly taking so long to get back.  ooh, i wonder where he can be.  i don't know, sissy.  i didn't throw it that far.  maybe we should try calling him.  oh, good idea.  all: reilly.  here, doggy, doggy.  here, reilly.  reilly.  doggy, doggy...  oh, um, he might be playing hideandseek.  oh, i don't think he's playing, sissy.  i think he's gone.  oh, no.  why did i have to throw the ball so far.  i should have kept an eye on him.  now he's run off and he didn't come back.  you were right, barney.  there's more to having pets than having fun.  well, the important thing now is to find reilly.  do you think we can, barney.  maybe, with a little help.  will you please help us look for reilly.    oh where, oh where has my little dog gone.     oh where, oh where can he be.    with his ears so short and his tail so long    oh where, oh where can he be.  all:  oh where, oh where has my little dog gone.   oh where, oh where can he be.    with his ears so short and his tail so long    oh where, oh where can he be.    oh where, oh where has my little dog gone.    all:  oh where, o where can he be.    with his ears so short and his tail so long   all:  oh where, oh where can he be.    barney: oh, i don't know.  we've looked everywhere.  oh, boy.  .  i looked everywhere two times, and i didn't see reilly anywhere.  he's a very good hideandseeker.  what am i going to do, barney.  brian will be back soon and... i lost his dog.  well, if we can't find reilly, maybe reilly can find us.  what do you mean.  barney, how's he going to do that.  well, remember what brian said.  reilly really likes his treats.  oh, i get it.  when he hears the treats, he'll come running.    there he is.  reilly, you're back.  it worked, barney.  hi, everybody.  hi, brian. hi.  was reilly a good dog.  oh, he was a great dog, brian.  but i wasn't very good at watching him.  i threw the ball too far and reilly ran off.  barney helped me get him back.  well, he's back now.  that's what matters.  i never knew having a pet was so much work.  yes, it is a lot of work, b.j.  but it's also a lot of fun, right, brian.  it sure is.   reilly says "yesyes." barney: oh, boy.  do you want to go play with him.  oh, sure. let's go.  come on, reilly.  bye, barney.  barney: have a good time.  i still think it would be fun to dress him up.  b.j.: no.  having a pet is hard work.  but a pet can be a very special friend.  and everything is better with a friend.    i'm so happy you're the one    that's here today, having fun    wherever we go, whatever we do    it's better with a friend like you   all:  everything's better with a friend    everything's better with a friend like you    playing, pretending, whatever we do    it's better with a friend like you    everything's better with a friend    everything's better with a friend like you    playing, pretending, whatever we do    it's better with a friend like you    playing, pretending, whatever we do    it's better with a friend like you.    time for barney's music box.  @@@@@@@  if you're happy and you know it, clap your hands    if you're happy and you know it, clap your hands    if you're happy and you know it    and you really want to show it    if you're happy and you know it, clap your hands.   oh, hi there.  it's great to see you.  hello, how are you this morning.  : barney.  shh. shh.  hello there.  why are we whispering.  the babies are sleeping.  oh, okay, sorry.  oopsalmost forgot my little teddy bear.  hey, guys, what are you doing.  girls: shh.  hi, riff.  : hi, everybody.  what are you doing.  why are you whispering.  naptime is over.  okay, let's go play.  riff, did you meet my animal babies.  oh, no.  here's mr. monkey...   and missy moo... cow.  she's had a cold, but she's better.  oh, did you take her to the veterinarian.  well, uh, what's a vegetavanarian.  : veterinarian.  you can call them "vet." they're doctors who take care of animals like dogs and cats and even cows.  well, she's all better now.  oh, what other animals do you have in there, baby boppitybop.  um, here's quacky duck and baby birdy and little lamb and my sweet, sweet teddy bear.  oh, look at all of them.  boy, if they could sing... wowzer.  what a song that would be.  that's right.  and of course, our animal friends make some wonderful sounds of their own.    if a mother duck could laugh out loud    just how would she laugh.    if a mother duck could laugh out loud    she'd laugh "quack quack quack"    and then she'd give a splash    quack quack quack quack quack quack.   oh, that's fun.   our animal friends have special voices    just like you and me    if our animal friends could talk and sing    what fun the world would be   all:  what fun the world would be.   barney: it sure would be.   if a little bird could say hello    just how would it sound.    if a little bird could say hello    he'd say "tweet tweet tweet."    he'd fly up in the sky    tweet tweet tweet tweet tweet tweet.    if my teddy bear could tell a joke    what joke would she tell.    if my teddy bear could tell a joke   all:  she'd say "grr. grr. grr."    and she would laugh with us   all:  ha ha ha ha ha ha.    our animal friends have special voices    just like you and me    if our animal friends could talk and sing...    all:  what fun the world would be    what fun the world would be.   there you go, teddy.  now it's playtime for my animal babies.  what do they like to play.  oh, they like lots of things, barney.  mr. monkey likes to swing, and little lamb likes to climb, and teddy likes the slide best.  now, you be careful, now.  wait for me.  oh, teddy. oh, no.  oh, is she okay.  oh, my teddy is hurt.  look.  oh, she has a booboo.  oh, poor teddy.  listen up, baby bop.   sometimes i find that i've got myself a booboo    i fell off my bike or stubbed my big toe    it might hurt a little, it might hurt a lot    but soon i'll feel better, i know   all:  booboos, everybody gets them    booboos can be big or small    oh, you can try to be more careful    but booboos happen to us all.   baby bop: really.  it's true, baby bop.  oh.   doctors are people who help you feel better    they fix up your booboos so you can go and play    it may take some time before it's all gone    but soon you can stand up and say...   all:  oh, booboos, everybody gets them    booboos can be big or small    oh, you can try to be more careful    but booboos happen to us all    oh, booboos happen to us all   all:  oh, booboos happen to us all.    oh, what am i going to do, barney.  this is a very bad booboo.  oh... teddy's crying.  maybe teddy needs to go to the vet.  but you said the vet is a doctor.  i don't think she needs that.  oh, but the vet could make her feel better, baby boppitybop.  well, okay, but where can i find one.  well, let's see.  there may be one right here in the caboose.  don't worry, teddy, the vet will make you all better.  woman: calling dr. barney, calling dr. riff.  somebody call for us.  we're the vets, and we're here to help.  o help.  the same as the doctor helps you, baby bop.  yes. and since teddy's not feeling well, it's time to see the doctor.  oh.    i've got a bear who needs a repair    it's time to see the doctor    and my kangaroo got a little booboo    it's time to see the doctor    i've got a horse whose hoof is sore    it's time to see the doctor    and my monkey's feeling kind of funky    it's time to see the doctor    the vet, the vet is an animal doctor    for my pet, my pet, an animal doctor    the vet, the vet is an animal doctor for my pet.    all:  i've got a cat who's a little too fat    it's time to see the doctor    and my little bird has lost its chirp    it's time to see the doctor    and my bunny's tummy feels kind of funny    it's time to see the doctor    and i've got a dog with a bit of a cough    it's time to see the doctor    the vet, the vet is an animal doctor    for my pet, my pet, an animal doctor    the vet, the vet is an animal doctor for my pet    the vet, the vet is an animal doctor    for my pet, my pet, an animal doctor    the vet, the vet is an animal doctor for my pet.    whoo.   hmm... what do you think, dr. riff.  i thinkitythink it's a simple case of...  yes.  teddy bearus tearitis.  barney: oh.  of teddy whatsis.  it means teddy bear has a tear.  oh.  no, don't worry, we'll fix it right up.  is it going to hurt.  she'll hardly feel a thing.  and when we're done, she'll be better than before.  oh, okayoh, i can't bear to look.  baby bop: be brave, teddy.  oh, i can't bear the sight of cotton. oh.  and we're all done.  that is one very brave bear, baby boppitybop.  oh, teddy, you do look better than ever.  can i play with her now.  yep, you sure can.  she's ready to go.  oh, goody, we're going to sing a song.    me and my teddy, getting all ready    getting all ready to play    me and my teddy, getting all ready    getting all ready to play.    you know i've got a lot of friends that i play with...   uhhuh.   you know i've got a lot of friends who are fun...    but then they can't do everything like my teddy    'cause my teddy, she is the one.   oh.   me and my teddy, getting all ready    getting all ready for bed   all:  me and my teddy, getting all ready    getting all ready for bed    you know i'm never really frightened at night time    you know i'm not even scared of the dark    'cause with my teddy right here alongside me    i'm not even scared of a shark...   oh, maybe a little.    me and my teddy, getting all ready    getting all ready to play.   sing it.   me and my teddy, getting all ready    getting all ready to play.   whoa.  oh, i'm glad teddy feels better.  and i feel better, too.  first i was sad and a little scared.  but not anymore.  thank you, barney, thank you, riff.  oh, glad we could help, baby boppitybop.  that's what vets do.  well, good, then now you can help tiny turtle.  he's been moving kind of slow.  he needs a checkup. come on, dr. riff.  coming, baby boppitybop.  barney: see you later. bye now.  when he gets scared, he disappears and...  byebye.  see you later.  oh, it's nice when friends help friends feel better.  whenever i'm with the ones i love, like you and you, i always feel better, because love is the best medicine of all.    i love you, you love me    we're a happy family    with a great big hug and a kiss from me to you    won't you say you love me, too.   barney and kids:  i love you, you love me    we're best friends like friends should be    with a great big hug and a kiss from me to you    won't you say you love me, too.   kids: bye, barney.  barney: i'll see you.  i had fun today. byebye.  captioned by media access group at wgbh captioned  kids: let's play with barney.  hello again to all my friends.  i'm glad you're here today.  there's lots to do when i'm with you.  let's have fun and play.  let's play ringaroundtherosy.  first, hold hands and spread out to make a great big circle.   now everybody sing.   ringaroundtherosy    a pocket full of posies    ashes, ashes, we all fall down.   thanks for playing.  i love you. )