 lala, lalalala       see the blazing yule before us   all:  falalalala, lalalala    strike the harp and join the chorus   all:  falalalala, lalalala    follow me in merry measure   all:  falala, lalala, lalala    while i tell of yuletide treasure   all:  falalalala, lalalala    falalalala, lalalala    so is everyone ready to play secret santa.  oh, yes.   uh, what's secret santa.  you pull a name from the basket and give that person a present.  and whoever picks your name gives you a present.  right, your gift can be something you make or bake or buy, something that shows how much you care.  i hope i get a brandnew baseball glove to go with my official bigleague baseball.  i hope i get some supercool drumsticks i can use on my drum.  remember, christmas isn't just about what you get.  it's also about the things you give.  okay, everyone, choose a name.  okay.  all righty.  goody.  here you go.  oh, i just love christmas.  it's a wonderful time of year and a time when people celebrate other holidays as well.  my friend david celebrates hanukkah.  he gets to play a game with dreidel toy.  it's like a top.  that's a fun part of the hanukkah celebration.  have you ever played the dreidel game.  all:  i have a little dreidel    i made it out of clay    and when it's dry and ready    then dreidel i shall play    oh, dreidel, dreidel, dreidel    i made it out of clay    oh, dreidel, dreidel, dreidel    now dreidel i shall play   oh, i got gimel.  all:  it has a lovely body    with leg so short and thin    and when it is all tired    it drops and then i win    oh, dreidel, dreidel, dreidel    with leg so short and thin    oh, dreidel, dreidel, dreidel    it drops and then i win    my dreidel's always playful    it loves to dance and spin    a happy game of dreidel    come play, now let's begin    oh, dreidel, dreidel, dreidel    it loves to dance and spin    oh, dreidel, dreidel, dreidel    come play, now let's begin   we'd better get going.  we have to make a secret santa present for our friends.  oh, yeah.  okay.  bye.  see you soon.  bye.  bye.  oh, guess what, barney.  i got b.j.'s name.  that's teerrific, riff.  are you going to make something special for him.  well, i can't make a baseball glove, and that's what i want to give him.  that's a very big gift, riff.  hey, maybe i could trade for it.  i could trade my drum for a nice baseball glove.  oh, but that drum's very special to you.  i know, but so is b.j.  oh, well, if you're sure you want to.  yeah, i'm sure.  oh, thanks, barney.  sure.  psst.  huh.   barney, come here.  okay.  barney, i got riff's name, and i know he really wants those drumsticks.  i was thinking maybe i could trade my bigleague baseball for drumsticks.  uh, are you sure that's what you want to do.  oh, yeah, i'm sure.  got to go.  oh, my.  hmm.   ho, ho, ho.  oh, it's santa barney.  merry christmas, everyone.  are you all ready for the gift giving.  yeah.  okay.  but we don't have a tree to put the presents under.  well, we'd better go get one.  come on, everybody.  let's get a tree.  we get to pick one out.  i know the perfect place.  oh, wow.   o christmas tree, o christmas tree    your leaves are so unchanging   both:  o christmas tree, o christmas tree    your leaves are so unchanging    not only green when summer's here   both:  but also when 'tis cold and drear    o christmas tree, o christmas tree    your leaves are so unchanging   okay, everybody, it's time to pick your favorite tree.  all:  o christmas tree, o christmas tree    your candles shine so brightly    o christmas tree, o christmas tree    your candles shine so brightly    from base to summit gay and bright    there's only splendor for the sight    o christmas tree, o christmas tree    your candles shine so brightly      doesn't it look beautiful.  oh, barney, we forgot the star.  oh, so we did.  oh, wow.  there you go.  it looks great.  now we're ready to play secret santa.  would you like to help me, rachel.  sure, barney.  okay.  here's one for baby bop.  oh, goody, one for me.  thank you.  and here's one for marcos.  oh, thank you.  oh, and these are for riff and b.j.  oh, boy.  okay, thanks.  here you go, riff.  thank you.  thanks.  and this one is for you, rachel.  thank you, barney.  you're welcome.  oh, lookee.  marcos gave me a teeny, tiny tiara for teddy.  thank you.  look, what a cute little picture.  thank you, baby bop.  oh, you're welcome.  cool. cookies.  yum.  thanks, rachel.  you're welcome.  you haven't opened yourpresent, riff.  okay, here we go.  here we go.  oh, boy.  oh, boy.  wowzer.  ..  drumsticks.  ..thanks, beej.  perhaps you should open yours now, b.j.  okay, let's see what i got.  ..  baseball glove.  oh, man.  what's the matter.  well, i wanted to get riff those drumsticks, so i traded my baseball for them.  i wanted to get you that glove, so i traded my drum for it.  oh, ayyiyi.  we really messed up, huh.  but you know what.  i feel really happy.  yeah, me too.  it's like barney said: christmas isn't just about what you get.  it's about the things you give too.  you gave up things you cared about to make a friend happy, and that's what christmas is all about.  yeah.  love you, cuz.   hey, what's that.   listen, everybody.  christmas carolers.  christmas carolers.  let's go see them.  come on.  all right.  come on, sissy.    all:  dashing through the snow    in a onehorse open sleigh    o'er the fields we go    laughing all the way    bells on bobtails ring    making spirits bright   both:  what fun it is to ride and sing    a sleighing song tonight   all:  oh, jingle bells, jingle bells    jingle all the way    oh, what fun it is to ride    in a onehorse    jingle bells, jingle bells    jingle all the way    oh, what fun it is to ride    in a onehorse open sleigh       jingle bells, jingle bells    jingle all the way    oh, what fun it is to ride    in a onehorse    jingle bells, jingle bells    jingle all the way    oh, what fun it is to ride    in a onehorse open sleigh       oh, what fun it is to ride    in a onehorse open sleigh   byebye.  bye.  bye.  see you later.  bye.  merry christmas.  oh, i think there are some presents left in santa's bag.  all: oh.  rachel, will you help me.  sure.  okay. great.  let's see, now.  ooh, more presents.  ooh.  look.  it's a race car for marcos.  aw, thanks.  there's something else in there.  oh, it's a new doll for baby bop.  oh, for me.  oh, boy.  thank you.  and a purse for you, rachel.  thank you.  there you go.  oh, my.  oh. this is for you, riff.  wowzer.  it's a new drum.  mm, here's one more.  andthisis for you, b.j.  an official bigleague baseball.  what a fantastic christmas.  all: hooray.  no matter what holiday we celebrate, giving a gift is a wonderful way to show friends and family how much we care.  it's how we say, " merry christmas, everyone.  all: merry christmas.   we wish you a merry christmas    we wish you a merry christmas    we wish you a merry christmas    and a happy new year    good tidings to you wherever you are    good tidings for christmas and a happy new year    oh. whoa.  boy, oh, boy.  i love christmas.  wait up.  i love christmas.  whoa.  all:  we wish you a merry christmas    we wish you a merry christmas    we wish you a merry christmas    and a happy new year    good tidings to you wherever you are    good tidings for christmas and a happy new year    we wish you a merry christmas    and a happy new year   all:  yes, a happy new year   whoa.  merry christmas.  now here's something that'll tickle your funny bone.  what did the detective name his dog.  all: what.  snoopy.   if you liked that, you're gonna love this.    music's always inside my head    yes, all day long till i go to bed    i hear the wind through the trees    the buzzing of the bees    the rumble of a train    the pitterpatter of the rain, rain    hear it    i hear music everywhere    everybody,    it's the sound that fills the air    yes, i hear music everywhere    if you listen, you'll hear the sound    the sound of music is all around    i hear the birds sing a song    in the daylight    then the frogs and the crickets    play the rhythm of the night      listen up    i hear music everywhere    everybody,    it's the sound that fills the air    yes, i hear music everywhere      i hear music everywhere    i hear music everywhere    everybody,    it's the sound that fills the air    yes, i hear music everywhere   do you see anything yet.  nope. not yet.  hi.  hi.  hi, guys.  hi.   both: hey, barney.  oh, hi, sadie.  hi, there, sophie.  can you guess what we're doing.  hmm.  we have coats, mittens, skates.  can you guess.  can you.  let me think about that.  okay, i'll tell you.  ..  both: snow.  oh, my.  do you think it'll snow soon, barney.  oh, i think it just might.  both: yes.  oh, okay.   oh, hi, how are you.  good.  terrific.  great.  oh, hello, baby bop.  hi, barney.  huh.  are you okay.  well, no, i feel kind of ffunny.  do you mean feel funny like you want to giggle and laugh.  no, funny like sssomething's different.  i know what you mean, sissy.  hi, barney.  oh, hi, b.j.  oh, i think i know what it is.  may i see your hands, please.  okay.  uhhuh. uhhuh.  mmhmm.  ah, just as i thoughtyour hands are cold.  and do you know why that is.  well, sure, ..  well, why, barney.   because it's winter.  oh, and winter makes my hands cold.  uhhuh.  that's right.  there are four seasons in the year.  spring is warm, and summer is hot.  autumn is cool, and winter is cold.  today is the first day of winter, and that's why you're cold.  both: oh.   when my teeth start to chatter    and my fingers freeze    that's how i know it's cold    when i ivernd shake from a little bitty breeze    that's how i know it's cold    when i see my breath like smoke in the air    it's really kind of fun so i don't care     all:  it's cccold    it's cccold, brr    i wish i had fur    i wish i was a bear with furry, furry hair    it's cold    it's cccold   it sure is.   when the ground is covered with fluffy white snow    that's how i know it's cold    when the trees are full of icicles    that's how i know it's cold    i'll wear my hat and scarf and gloves    i'm just a kid who really, really loves   all:  when it's cold    it's cccold    it's cccold, brr    i wish i had fur    i wish i was a bear with furry, furry hair   both:  it's cccold, brr    i wish i had fur    i wish i was a bear with furry, furry hair   all:  it's cccold, brr    i wish i had fur    i wish i was a bear with furry, furry hair    it's cccold, brr    i wish i had fur    i wish i was a bear with furry, furry hair    we'll find the perfect place to play    i hope it's going to snow today    because it's cold    it's cccold   that's right.  brr.  brr.  in the winter, it can get very cold.  well, that's what i am, barney: very cold.  .  no, i'm not coldnot ttoo cold, anyway.  let me see, now.  how can we make you not so cold.  oh, i know.  we'll go to a place where it's nice and warm.  oh, good idea, barney.  come on.  oh, oh, you're right, barney.  it is warmer in here.  uhhuh, this is the perfect place to wait for the snow to fall.  oh, hi, everybody.  all: hi, barney.  snow is so pretty.  what's it made of.  snow is made of frozen rain, and snowflakes fall from the clouds.  you can catch them in your mouth when they float down to the ground.   right.  oh, i wonder what they taste like.  oh, they have a very special sort of snowflakey taste.  yum.   if all the snowflakes were bubblegum and cupcakes    oh, what a snow that would be    standing outside with my mouth open wide   all:  ah, ahahah, ahahah, ahahah    if all the snowflakes were bubblegum and cupcakes    oh, what a snow that would be    if all the snowflakes    were chocolate chips and pancakes    oh, what a snow that would be    standing outside with my mouth open wide   all:  ah, ahahah, ahahah, ahahah    if all the snowflakes    were chocolate chips and pancakes    oh, what a snow that would be   i wish it would snow all the time.  yeah.   if all the snowflakes    were candy bars and milk shakes    oh, what a snow that would be    standing outside with my mouth open wide   all:  ah, ahahah, ahahah, ahahah    if all the snowflakes    were candy bars and milk shakes    oh, what a snow that would be   that'd be great.  yum.  i want to see some real snow right now.  here i go.  okay.  i'm gonna see some snowoh.  i'm gonna see some snowoh.  oh, snow.  no snow.  oh, there isn't any.  oh, where is it, barney.  itisgoing to snow, isn't it.  it doesn't snow everywhere, baby bop, but we do get snow here in the park.  everything has to be just right before it can fall.  but if you wait very patiently, you just might see some.  okay, i'll wait.  ..waiting.   oh, dear, when is it gonna snow.  oh, it's still not snowing.  well, baby bop, snow has to fall in its own good time.  we can't hurry it up or slow it down.  wait.  i have an idea.  come on.  oh, okay. goody.  while we're waiting for the real snow to fall, we can make paper snowflakes with our friends.  but i don't know how.  here, baby bop, i'll show you how.  oh, thank you.  oh, that's nice.  okay.  first you fold your paper, okay, and fold it again.  now fold one more time.  cool.  very good.  then you give it a good grip, and you snip.  but be careful there.  looking good.  and snip some more.  thanks.  keep on snipping.  ..  your very own snowflake.  thanks, barney.  good job, everyone.  they look great.  thanks.  oh, it's so pretty.  watch this, baby bop.  snow can fall fast.  oh.  or it can fall slow.  fast.  wow.  and slow.  oh, look, we're doing a snowflake dance.  whoo.  can you make a snowflake and dance like falling snow.  come on. show me.    one little, two little, three little snowflakes    four little, five little, six little snowflakes    seven little, eight little, nine little snowflakes   all:  ten little snowflakes in the sky    one little, two little, three little snowflakes    four little, five little, six little snowflakes    seven little, eight little, nine little snowflakes   all:  ten little snowflakes in the sky    one little, two little, three little snowflakes    four little, five little, six little snowflakes    seven little, eight little, nine little snowflakes    ten little snowflakes in the sky       is something the matter, baby bop.  there still isn't any snownot the real kind, anyway.  i don't think i'll ever see snow.  ooh.     one little, two little    three little snowflakes    four little, five little, six little snowflakes   ..       oh, baby bop.  yes, barney.  um, i think there's something you might like to see.  oh.  oh, barney, b.j., everybody.  lookee, lookee, lookee.  snow.  that's right.  it's snowing.  all right.  oh, it's just like you said, barney.  ..  oh, it's snowing.  let's go out in the snow.  come on, here we go.  whoa, just a minute, please.  you don't want to go out in the cold without this.  oh.  oh, now, make sure you bundle up, okay.  oh, i get the pretty pink one.  okay, i'll take the red one.  both: whoa.  oh, there's nothing quite like seeing the first snow of the year.  the only thing better ..  playing in it.  come on, let's go.   winter's wonderful, it's so beautiful    the air is cold and clear    snow is sparkling, trees are glistening    it's that time of year    i love to see the icicles    the great big snowflakes too    'cause it's the wonderful season    full of special things to do   well, baby bop, how do the snowflakes taste.  they're nice and cold.   wearing hats and coats and scarves    each hand has got a glove    we slide around on frozen ground    it's winter that we love   all:  i love to see the icicles    the great big snowflakes too    'cause it's the wonderful season    full of special things to do   yes, it is.  all:  i love to see the icicles    the great big snowflakes too    'cause it's the wonderful season    full of special things to do    yes, it's the wonderful season    full of special things to do   yippee.  it sure is wonderful.  oh, boy, oh, boy.  come on, sissy.  let's go make a snowman.  , i'll be right there.  thank you so much, barney.  you said if i waited, i would see snow, and i did.  come on, sissy.  come on.  okay, bye, barney.  i'll see you later.  see you.  byebye.  see you later.  oh, winter is such a beautiful time of year.  but the very best time is the time you spend with the people you love.   i love you    you love me    we're a happy family    with a great big hug    and a kiss from me to you    won't you say      all:  i love you    you love me    we're best friends like friends should be    with a great big hug    and a kiss from me to you    won't you say   here's something i can do.  all: tie my shoe.  ride a bike. )