    barney's friendsare big and small    they come from lotsof places    after school,they meet to play    and sing with happy faces    barney shows uslots of things    like how to play pretend    abcs and 123sand how to be a friend    barney comes to play with uswhenever we may need him    barney can beyour friend, too    if you justmakebelieve him.   captioning sponsoredby hit entertainment whoa.  all: barney.  oh, hello, everybody.   what abeautifulday in the park.  just listen to the birds.  and listen to the...  whoa. what could that be.   oh, my.  hi, barney.  hi, barney. hi, dylan.  hi, laura. hi, there, riff.  oh, come on, beej, where are ya.  man, hurry up.  oh, it's got to be here somewhere.  okay, it's not here.  oh, it's not here either.  um, okay, you guys go on.  we'll catch up later, all right.  both: okay. see ya. see ya later.  bye.  is everything all right, bj.  aw, i can't find my airplane.  and i looked everywhere, twice.  it's like it just disappeared.  whoa, here's my skateboard.  wonder how it got out here.  laura: hey, everybody, come look at this.  barney: okay, here we come.  bj: what's up, laura.  i'll put this right here.  so, what is it, laura.  look, the circus is in town.  whoa. the circus.  barney: superdeeduper.  wouldn't it be great if we could all go see it.  well, maybe we can.  look what i just happen to have.  tickets. tickets. tickets.  all right, we're going to the circus.  this will be so much fun, i can't wait to see the acrobats.  i love the lion tamer.  let's pretend we're there right now.  yeah.   barney:  there'll be elephants and tigers    when the circus comes to town    horses and their riders    when the circus comes to town   all:  doggie tricks and monkey flips    high above the ground    when the circus comes to town    hear the music of the band when the circus comes to town    balloons and cotton candy when the circus comes to town   both:  games to try and carnival rides going up and down   all:  when the circus comes to town   barney:  acrobats and jugglers    it's amazing what they do, on the trapeze    hanging by their knees, and the crowd is saying   all:  "ooh... "    a ring full of surprises when the circus comes to town    clowns in different sizes when the circus comes to town   both:  those silly clowns are running around    making jokes and falling down   all:  lots to see for you and me    when the circus comes to town.   come on, everybody, let's go.  barney: oh, hold on, bj.  the show doesn't start till this afternoon.  but that's almost... forever.  oh, the time will go by more quickly if we think of fun things to do.  i know. let's play some basketball.   oh, that's fun.  oh, barney. hmm.  can i please hold on to the tickets till it's time to go.  oh, well, i think that would be o...  beej, are you sure that's such a good idea.  oh, i know there was a time or two i wasn't so careful.  riff: yeah. like the time you forgot to put away my skates, and it rained.  bj: oh.  riff: or when you left your baseball mitt by the tree, and a duck built a nest in it.  well, that was the old bj.  you're looking at the new, improved bj.  i'll be careful with those tickets.  you can count on me.   you can count on me    i'll always be around    i will cheer you up    when you're feeling down    i like you, you like me   mmhmm.   we have fun together   oh.   when it's sunny, when it rains    in any kind of    in any kind of   both:  in any kind of weather   barney: there you go.    you can count on me    you can count on me    because i am your friend    because i am your friend    we make a happy team    we make a happy team    together to the end    together to the end    you're my buddy, i'm your pal   uhhuh.   side by side, we're playing     if you ever need my help    on your side, i'm    on your side, i'm    on your side, i'm staying   come on, guys.   you can count on me    i'll always be around   ah.   i will cheer you up    when you're feeling down   all:  you can count on me   here we go.   because i am your friend    we make a happy team   oh.   together to the end.   you can count on me.   so, can i hold on to the circus tickets.  well, uh, i guess so, bj.  here you go.  : oh. all right.  barney: oh.  got it all planned.  i'll keep them right here, safe and sound in my backpack.  good deal, bj.  come on, everybody.  let's shoot hoops till it's circus time.  okay. okay.  let's go... barney: sounds great.  oh. oh, yeah.  oh, my. all right, horseshoe.  oh. yeah.  good job. and she scores.  come on...  oh. yes. barney: whoa, whoa.  shoot... and... great job.  uhoh. oh...  man, i can't play with this thing on.  i'll just put it there and keep an eye on it.  okay, you got it.  okay, guys, look out. here i go.  all right, okay. and... yeah.  oh, yeah. good job.  nice shot, beej.  okay... whoa.  missed it.  whoa. caught it. nice save.  all right. whoa. thanks, bj.  hey. oh, man, where'd it go.  where's my backpack.  it's got to be here somewhere.  pass, dylan.  it's like my backpack just grew legs and walked away...  hey, my airplane.  now i find it.  oh, i've got to find my backpack.  okay, that backpack's got to be somewhere around...  hey, who left my baseball here.  man. oh.  okay, i came by...  hey, here's my hoop.  oh, it's all broken.  brother.  oh, man.  oh, i don't believe this.  oh, brother.  what's the matter, bj.  barney, i can't find my backpack.  and it has the tickets in it.  what should i do.  oh... it'll be okay.   what should i do.    what should i do.    what should i do    when i don't know what i should do.    should i make a brave face.    should i cross my arms and wait.    should i count the ticktocks on my clock    when i haven't got a clue.    what should i do.    what should i do.    what should i do    when i don't know what i should i do.     should i tap my toes    should i shout a big "oh, no.".   oh, no.   should i ring my mom or sing a song.    i'm feeling so confused    what should i do.    what should i do .   what should i do    when i don't know what i should do.    what should i do   all:  what should i do.    what should i do.    what should i do    what should i do    when i don't know what i should do.   what's wrong, bj.  well, i lost the tickets...  to the circus.  oh, no.  what are we going to do.  bj, we were counting on you.  i'm really, really sorry, guys.  hey, everybody.  what is it. oh. what is it.  look what i just found, over by the sidewalk.  oh, it's my backpack.  it's our tickets.   well, thanks for finding them, dylan.  i think you've helped bj learn an important lesson.  you sure have.  and i promise, from now on, i'll take better care of things.  cool, beej. way to go.  thanks, guys. yeah, good job, bj.  well, the time really did fly by, because now...  it's circus time.    here we go    we are adventuring    we'll see the sights and hear the sounds   all:  yay, the circus has come to town.     here we go    we are adventuring    nothing ever could compare    with all the fun we'll have when we are there    oh, it's so exciting the things we'll try today    cotton candy, popping corn and lemony lemonade    the animals are waiting    for us to come and play    we thrill to see the chills and spills    everyone shout "hooray."   all:  here we go    we are adventuring    we'll see the sights and hear the sounds    up and down and all around    here we go    we are adventuring    nothing ever could compare    with all the fun we'll have when we are there    acrobats are flying high way up in the air    the clowns are always clowning round    with plates and balls and chairs    elephants, horses, tigers will all be on parade    it's going to be the greatest show    everyone shout "hooray."   all: "hip, hip, hooray."  here we go    we are adventuring    we'll see the sights and hear the sounds    up and down and all around    here we go    we are adventuring    nothing ever could compare  with all the fun we'll have when we are there    nothing ever could compare  with all the fun we'll have when we are there.   i've got the tickets.  barney: i just love the circus.  that was fun.  oh, man, where did i put it.  huh. i just had it.  is something the matter, bj.  my souvenir hat from the circus.  uhhuh. i already lost it.  no, you didn't, bj.  i didn't.   it's right there, beej.  : oh.  i guess i'd lose my head if it wasn't attached to my neck.   thanks, riff.  oh, anytime, beej.  i sure am lucky...  having friends like you.  that's right, bj...  and we're all very lucky, too.  why's that.  because we have a friend like you.  aww.   i'm so happy you're the one    that's here today, oh... having fun    wherever we go, whatever we do    it's better with a friend like you   all:  everything's better with a friend    everything's better with a friend like you    playing, pretending, whatever we do    it's better with a friend like you    everything's better with a friend    everything's better with a friend like you    playing, pretending, whatever we do    it's better with a friend like you    playing, pretending, whatever we do    it's better with a friend like you.   byebye.   girl: time for barney's music box.    all:  the wheels on the bus go round and round    round and round    round and round    the wheels on the bus go round and round    all through the town    all through the town    all through the town    oh, yay, i caught it.  you got it. barney.  thanks.  you know what, barney.  hmm. sometimes, just playing with this ball makes me feel very, very happy.  yeah, i know exactly what you mean, baby bop.  well, i know what makes me happy.  what's that, barney.  oh, just being together with friends.   oh, boy, oh, boy.   i like to run and jump and play    there's so many things to do    i like it even better when it's with a friend or two    being together    with friends is what i like to do   all:  being together, with friends    together the whole day through    any day, anytime    day or night    rain or shine   all:  together with friends like you...    baby bop. well, thank you, barney.   everyday i learn new things    and grow a little, too    it only makes it better    when it's with a friend like you   all:  being together, with friends is what i like to do    being together, with friends    together the whole day through    any day, anytime    day or night, rain or shine    together with friends like you    being together with friends like you.     whoa.  well, here you go, baby bop.  okay, i'm ready, i... oh, i missed it.  um, wait right here. i'll get it.  ooh, where did it go.  oops.  : oh, there you are.   oh, look.  a little flower.   well, now, what's the matter.  you look so sad, all alone over here.  who are you talking to, baby bop.  my new friend.  um... baby bop.  that's a flower.  uhhuh.  and someday it's going to be the most beautiful flower in the park.  i think you may be right, baby bop.  all it needs is a friend to take care of it while it's growing up.   growingwe do it every day    we're growing when we're sleeping    and even when we play    and as we grow a little older, we can do more things    because we're growing, and so are you    each day we grow a little taller    a little bigger, not smaller    and we grow a little friendlier, too    we try to be a little nicer as we grow each day   barney/baby bop:  because i'm growing, and so are you    growing, we do it every day    we're growing when we're sleeping    and even when we play    and as we grow a little older, we can do more things    because i'm growing and so are you    each day we grow a little taller a little bigger, not smaller    and we grow a little friendlier, too    we try to be a little nicer as we grow each day    because i'm growing and so are you    because i'm growing    and so are you.    hey, everybody.  let's go play in the caboose now.  come on, baby bop.  yeah, come on, it's going to be great.  well, maybe later.  okay.  okay.  oh, okay.  oh, shouldn't it be growing by now, barney.  i think it might need more sunshine.  this tree is like a big umbrella, and it makes too much shade.  well, then how can i get sunshine for my flower.  well, let's put it in a flower pot, and then we can find a nice, sunny spot for it.  okay. okay.  let's go. bye, flower.  come on, barney, time's awastin'.  all righty.  i'm making a new home for my flower.  oh, there you go.  and a nice little drink of water.  there.  and a pretty yellow bow for my new flower friend.  barney, i want to read to my flower.  good idea.  once upon a time, there was a little star.  good job, baby bop.  now follow me.  okay.  now, here's a nice, sunny spot, baby bop.  okay.  we'll be back to see you later.  so start growing.  byebye.  bye, bye.  oh, look at the flower.  isn't it beautiful, barney.  it certainly is.  well, it's getting late now, my little flower friend, so you'd better go to sleep.  good night, little flower.  oh...  i'll see you tomorrow.  good night.  good morning.  ooh, it's cold.  i guess summer is over.   oh, oh.  whwhat happened.  what's wrong.  are you thirsty.  aryou cold.   oh....   oh, barney, barney, barney, look.  what happened to my flower.  i'm afraid the weather turned cold, baby bop, and the frost made the flower die.  oh. i'm so sorry.  and we're sorry, too, baby bop.  yeah, it was very pretty.  i'm going to miss it, barney.  i know.  when you lose something you love, it feels sad.  it sure does.   when we lose something we love    it can be hard to let it go    but learning how to say "goodbye"    is another way we grow    no matter what happens    there's always tomorrow    to bring in the sunshine    and wash out the sorrow    with friends you can count on    and people you love    you'll feel better    when tomorrow comes.   i hope so.   though you may feel sad down inside   i do.   it's okay to let it show    these feelings that you're feeling    will surely come and go   all:  no matter what happens    there's always tomorrow    to bring in the sunshine and wash out the sorrow    with friends you can count on and people you love    you'll feel better    when tomorrow comes.   oh, barney, i wishomorrow would hurry. )