  sharing it with others makes it really sweet    having lots of friends, yes, it's better than one    and when we're all together, oh, it's so much fun   all:  just can't get enough, just can't get enough    just can't get enough, yeah, i just can't get enough    playing with our toys can be so much fun    but we'd rather have a lot of toys than only one   all:  just can't get enough, just can't get enough    just can't get enough, yeah, i just can't get enough    we like to ride our bicycles all day long, oh, yeah    exercise is fun, and it makes us strong   all:  just can't get enough, just can't get enough    just can't get enough, yeah, i just can't get enough    just can't get enough, just can't get enough    just can't get enough, yeah, i just can't get enough   oh, boy, no, i can't.  ..  just a little more.  me too.  i'm just about finished here.   all: whoa.  what happened.  yep, nothing like a good pistachio.  oh, no, i'm all out.  but i have more inside.  i always have some extra ones.  barney sure does like pitsasiptastipashios.  you can say that again, baby bop.  i couldn't even say it the first time.   i wonder how many more pistachios he has in there.  you know, maybe i should go check and see.  oh, i'll go with you.  me too.  okay, you guys can stay here and work on the paintings.   okay. see ya. bye.  bye, guys.  okay, let's see if we can find 'em.  all right.  oh, we need to put this up first.  oh, wow.  oh, wow.  wowzer.  pistachios everywhere.  ah, just in time to join me for a homemade pistachio treat.  oh, what is it.  pistachio ice cream.  ice cream. let's try it.  okay.  yeah.  what kind of ice cream do you like. yum.  i love ice cream.  all:  icy creamy ice cream, cold and sweet    icy creamy ice cream can't be beat    icy creamy ice cream, i giggle when i eat    my icy creamy ice cream, what a treat   i like vanilla best.  i like cherries on my ice cream.  all:  i could eat a bowl, i could eat a cup    when i get some ice cream, i eat it all up    eat it with a topping, eat it all alone    eat it with some pie    or a tripledipper cone    icy creamy ice cream, cold and sweet    icy creamy ice cream can't be beat    icy creamy ice cream, i giggle when i eat    my icy creamy ice cream, what a treat   my favorite ice cream is strawberry.  i like chocolate.  all:  chocolate or vanilla, peach or bubblegum    peppermint, strawberry, yummy, yum, yum    maybe it's a sundae, maybe it's a shake    i could eat a gallon    or eat it with some cake    icy creamy ice cream, cold and sweet    icy creamy ice cream can't be beat    icy creamy ice cream, i giggle when i eat    my icy creamy ice cream, what a treat    icy creamy ice cream what a treat   yeah.  that ice cream was pretty good.   yeah.  and here are some more pistachio treats.   ..oh.  we have pistachio pops, a fresh pistachio cake, and don't forget pistachio pie.  dig in, everyone.  okay.  i'll just put this tray away and be right back.  it's all very good.  well, go on, beej, dig in.  i'm not gonna try it.  you try it.  i'm not gonna try it.  oh, don't look at me.  guys, we have to get rid of these pistachio treats before barney comes back.  ..  let's hide 'em.  oh, good idea.  okay.   ew, what are those made of.  where to put these.  oh, perfect.  i don't eat anything the same color as me.  ..  stachio things there.  oh, here he comes.  act casual.  well, you certainly cleaned those plates.   oh, yeah.  we cleaned 'em, yeah.  you know, i should find some more pistachio recipes.  no, that's okay, barney.  don't bother.  ..  oh, this sounds tasty: ..   oh, no.  now what'll we do.  i've got an idea.  what.  we'll need some help.   ..  ..  ..  oh, pickled peppercorn pistachio puffs oh, my.  are you ready, barney.  the show's about to start.  oh, what show is that, riff.  oh, a really special one.  i think you're going to like it.  come on, let's go.  okay.  oh, i just love shows.  great, it's a little story " once upon a time, long, long ago, a poor family was kind to a fairy, and so she gave them a wonderful popcorn pot and magic words for "go" " ..  all: go, pot, go.  and it started to pop.  yummy popcorn filled the pot right up to the top.  ..  all: stop, pot, stop.  when there was enough.  then they put the pot away with their other stuff.  but one little child wanted much more and took out the pot while the others did chores.  " she said with a shout.  so the little pot popped, and popcorn came out.  ..and out...  until fluffy popcorn was all about.  oh, no, no, no more.  said the girl.  haven't you heard.  but the pot didn't stop.  those weren't the right words.  oh, halt.  said the girl.  cut it out.  no, no.  but the popcorn kept popping right up to her toes.  and just when the popcorn rose up to her shin, the rest of her family hurried in.  both: stop, pot, stop.  they all said with a shout, and since those ..  oh, no more popcorn came out.  ..  oh, i'm sorry.  and i have to confess, all: too much of a good thing is a very big mess.  the end.  byebye. thanks, again.  you know, your show really made me think.  i can make pistachio popcorn.  oh, i'd love that.  ayyiyi.  but, barney, you were supposed to think you should stop eating pashpishios.  but why.  i don't eat that many.   ..  uhoh.  ooh.   whoa.  yeah, forgot about those.   uhhuh.  maybe i have been eating too many.  maybe i've made a big mistake.   oh. oh. oh.  what a big mistake    no. no. no. look.  my knees have started to shake    whoa. whoa. whoa.  this is more than i can take    oh. oh. oh.     i thought things were going okay    but they turned out wrong    and i hope everything works out before too long    but until they do, i'm gonna sing this song    oh. oh. oh.    boy.   so. so. so.    you don't need to shiver and shake    all you need to know, for goodness' sake    is that you can learn    i can learn    yes, i can learn from my mistakes   you're right.  i'll stop eating pistachios for a while.   but what am i going to do with all these.  well, i have an idea.  we can put them in jars and make maracas.  oh.  there you go.  and we can feed the rest to the squirrels.  they're nuts about nuts.  they sure are.  oh, thank you all.  now i see.  sometimes too much ..too much, but there's one thing i can't get enough of.  oh, what's that, barney.  friends like you.  aw.   i'm so happy you're the one    that's here today    having fun    wherever we go, whatever we do    it's better with a friend like you   all:  everything's better with a friend    everything's better with a friend like you    playing, pretending, whatever we do    it's better with a friend like you    everything's better with a friend    everything's better with a friend like you    playing, pretending, whatever we do    it's better with a friend like you    playing, pretending, whatever we do    it's better with a friend like you   byebye.  now here's something that will tickle your funny bone.  what do you use to count cows.   what.  a cowculator.   what did the chewing gum say to the shoe.  i don't know.  i'm stuck on you.   if you liked that, you're gonna love this.  all:  find the numbers in your house    play a little game    it's so much fun to see how many numbers you can name    find the numbers in your house    all the numbers in your house    what's that on the wall    that makes the sound    it has 2 hands and 12 numbers    i know, a clock   all:  find the numbers in your house    play a little game    it's so much fun to see how many numbers you can name    find the numbers in your house    all the numbers in your house    ringalingaling      you push the numbers to call a friend    i know, a telephone   all:  find the numbers in your house    play a little game    it's so much fun to see how many numbers you can name    find the numbers in your house    all the numbers in your house    find the numbers in your house    all the numbers in your house   hi, there.  oh, uh, hello, lindsey, it's a teerrific day, isn't it.  hi, barney.  oops.  oh, it's a breezy day too.  and that means it's a superdeeduper day for flying kites.  oh, oh, you said it, barney.  ..  hi, barney.  and baby bop.  hi, guys.  how are ya.  oh, and riff.  looks like everyone is out flying kites today.  but you don't have a kite, barney.  oh, here, you can have this one.  oh, thank you, b.j.  you're welcome.  come on, let's fly our kites upupuppityup to the sky.  whoaho, let's go.  oh, if you pretend, you can fly a kite with us.  let's run and get those kites in the air.   flying so high with its tail in the breeze    up in the air )