  barney's friends are big and small    they come from lots of places    after school, they meet to play    and sing with happy faces    barney shows us lots of things    like how to play pretend    abcs and one, two, threes    and how to be a friend    barney comes to play with us    whenever we may need him    barney can be your friend, too    if you just makebelieve him.   whoa.  barney. barney. barney. barney.  oh, hello, everybody.  one. one.  there you go.  two. two. two.  oh, boy.  three. three. three.  oh, that was terrific.  ah, it was nothing, really.  what are you talking about, riff.  you're so good, you know you're going to win first place at the carnival.  oh, i'm not going to win because i'm good, i'm going to win because i have this.  what's that.  it's my good luckityluck medal.  i keep it with me whenever i need good luck.  it always works.  but, riff, i think you're good at the game because, well, you're good at the game.  oh, but i could never play without my medal.  oh, i'd be awful without it.  well, it is just right for today, because this carnival is all about shapes.  and your medal is round like a circle.  barney:  a circle shape is round, a circle shape is round    a wheel is like a circle that goes rolling on the ground   yes, it is.    all:  a circle shape is round, a circle shape is round    like a pancake   or a donut   riff:  or this wheel that i just found      all:  a circle shape is round, a circle shape is round    like a pizza   or a pie plate    or a drum that makes sound    all:  a circle shape is round, a circle shape is round   barney:  a wheel is like a circle that goes rolling on the ground   riff:  a wheel is like a circle that goes rolling on the ground.    my good luck medal is round like a circle, and it's going to bring me...  luck.   my good luck medal.  it's gone.  well, don't worry, riff, i'm sure it's around here somewhere.  we'll help you find it.  oh, would you, please.  yeah, okay, come on. oh, thank you.  i'll see you later.  oh, hi, barney.  oh, hi, baby bop. hi, lindsay.  do you like our decorations for the carnival, barney.  i sure do.  i see circles, triangles and squares.  we're decorating the whole park with shapes.  you want to help us.  i'd really like to, baby bop, but i'm helping riff look for something.  oh. oh, well, maybe later.  okay. i'd like that.  byebye. byebye.  come on, lindsay, let's hang this over here.  okay. whoa.  lindsay, look.  what is it, baby bop.  well, i don't know.  but it's round like a circle and it's just right for our decorations.  nothing over here.  oh. we have to find it.  while we look for riff's round medal, you can look for different shapes in your house.      count up the sides, one, two, three    that is a triangle that you see    four same sides, oh, that is a square    different shapes are everywhere      all:  it's a wonderful world of shapes    it's a beautiful place to be    take a look around from the sky to the ground    at the shapes that you can see    oh, the different shapes you'll see      a square.  barney:  if the shape is round like the sun in the sky    that is a circle going by    triangle, circle    and a square  a square.   different shapes are everywhere      all:  it's a wonderful world of shapes    it's a beautiful place to be    take a look around from the sky to the ground    at the shapes that you can see    oh, the different shapes, the different shapes    the different shapes you'll see.    oh, would that look good there.  maybe i'll hang it over here.  no, that's not right, either.  oh, barney, i can't find my good luck medal anywhere.  i can't play without it.  you don't need good luck to play games, riff.  just try your best and have fun, that's all that matters.  okay. hi, guys.  hi, b.j. hi, beej.  look at these cool musical instruments i found when i was looking for shapes.  a tambourine.  oh, cool. and it's round like a circle.  and this awesome guitar.  it's shaped like a square. uhhuh.  and... i found this thingy, but i don't know what it's called.  it's shaped like a triangle, and it's called a triangle.   oh, you play it with one of these, barney.  yup. that's right.  wow, i never knew you could play shapes, too.  absolutely, bj.  all:  we like the shapes, we like the shapes    we can play with them right here    we like the shapes, we like the shapes    we can play with them right here    this one has four sides and it is called a square    this one has four sides and it is called a square    a square's four sides are all the same   all:  all the same    the square's four sides are all the same   all:  all the same.    we like the shapes, we like the shapes    we can play with them right here    we like the shapes, we like the shapes    we can play with them right here    this one is a circle 'cause it is so round  this one is a circle 'cause it is so round  the circle always looks like this   all:  like this.    the circle always looks like this   all:  like this.    we like the shapes, we like the shapes    we can play with them right here    we like the shapes, we like the shapes    we can play with them right here    this one is a triangle that has three sides    this one is a triangle that has three sides    we draw a triangle like this   all:  like this    we draw a triangle like this   all:  like this    oh, we like the shapes, we like the shapes    we can play with them right here    we like the shapes, we like the shapes    we can play with them right here   yes, we can.   oh. oh. oh.   that was fun, barney.  but, i still have to find my good luckityluck medal.  oh...  whoohoo. wow.  come on, everybody.  it's time for the carnival of shapes.   oh, oh, oh, bj.  i want to play hopscotch first.  i'm playing basketball.  okay. byebye. oh, that sounds like fun.  oh, i can't play anything without my goodluck medal.  remember, riff, you don't need luck to play games, you just need to do your best and have fun.  oh, guess i could give it a try.  there you go.  but i know i'm not going to be any good.  oh, sure you will, riff.  oh, come on, everybody.  let's play some games with shapes.  oh, it'll be fun.    shapes, shapes, it's easy, my friend    you can tell a shape by the shape that it's in    shapes, shapes, sing it again    you can tell a shape by the shape that it's in    would you know a triangle if you saw one.     have you ever tried to draw one.    it has three corners and three sides    a triangle has three sides, oh, yeah    a triangle has three sides   that's right. whoa.   shapes, shapes, it's easy, my friend    you can tell a shape by the shape that it's in    shapes, shapes, sing it again    you can tell a shape by the shape that it's in    would you know a square if you saw one.     have you ever tried to draw one.    it has four corners and four sides    a square has four sides    oh, yeah, a square has four sides    shapes, shapes, it's easy, my friend    you can tell a shape by the shape that it's in    shapes, shapes, sing it again    you can tell a shape by the shape that it's in   that's true.   would you know a circle if you saw one.     have you ever tried to draw one.    it has no corners and no sides    a circle curves around and 'round    a circle curves around   oh, here we go.   shapes, shapes, it's easy, my friend    you can tell a shape by the shape that it's in    shapes, shapes, sing it again    you can tell a shape by the shape that it's in    you can tell a shape by the shape that it's in    doodoo, doodoo, doo    doodoo doodoo, doodoo.   all: shapes.  whoa. yeah.  oh. oh.  man, that's a tough shot.  uh, would you like to try, riff.  uh, well, i don't think so, barney.   give it a try.  well, here goes nothing.   ooh.  you got it.   riff, riff.  i did it.  well, do it again.  well, uh, okay.    barney: all right.  i did it twice, and i didn't even need my lucky medal.  oh, this is fun. oh.  and that's what counts.  riff, what did your lucky medal look like exactly.  well, it's round like a circle, and it's on a ribbon, and...  is it round and on a ribbon, like, um, that.  riff: whoa.  hey, there's my good luckityluck medal.  baby bop: oh, oops.  : ii found it, and ii thought it would be a pretty decoration.  oh, ayayay, sissy, we've been looking all over for that.  ooh, i'm sorry, riff.  well, you can have it back.  aw, that's okay, you can keep it.  i don't need it.  oh. are you sure, riff.  oh, i'm very sure, barney.  hmm.  thanks for everything. sure.  hey, guys, let's play some more.  yes. come on.  have fun. both: bye, barney.  bye. see you later.  i think the carnival was astupendoussuccess.  and it was even more fun to share it with a friend like you.   i'm so happy you're the one    that's here today having fun    wherever we go, whatever we do    it's better with a friend like you   :  everything's better with a friend    everything's better with a friend like you    playing, pretending, whatever we do    it's better with a friend like you    everything's better with a friend    everything's better with a friend like you    playing, pretending, whatever we do    it's better with a friend like you    playing, pretending, whatever we do    it's better with a friend like you.   now here's a barney tune.  time for barney's music box.  @@@@@@@@  if you're happy and you know it, clap your hands    if you're happy and you know it, clap your hands    if you're happy and you know it    and you really want to show it    if you're happy and you know it, clap your hands.    oh, hello, everyone.  oh, hey, barney. hi, barney.  oh, i see you've been painting.  uhhuh. what do you think of my picture.  oh, let's see.  oh, it's a beautiful island in a deep blue sea.  i can almost hear the seagulls.  whoa.  look at this, barney.  i painted a race car.  oh, i see that.  a really red race car roaring down the track.  i can almost hear the engine.  whoa. cool.  hey, barney, check outmypicture.  it's a rocket ship.  you can almost hear it blasting off.   whoa.  whoa, icanhear it.  well, actually, bj, i think that was thunder.  uhoh.  oh, hi, everybody.  it's raining outside.  both: hi, baby bop.  i'm sure it won't rain for long, sissy.  you can play with us till it stops. yeah.  but what can we do in here.  hmm. that's a good question.  just what can we play on a rainy day.   what can we play on a rainy day    till the sun comes out and the clouds go away.    we can still have fun if the sky is gray    when we play on a rainy day    let's put together some puzzles    build a castle with wooden blocks    we could play i wish    teach the dog new tricks   bj:  or make a big clubhouse out of a box    what can we play on a rainy day    till the sun comes out and the clouds go away.    we can still have fun if the sky is gray    when we play on a rainy day   bj:  pretend we're on an island in the ocean    draw a picture of a shiny new car    we could tell some stories, read some books    take a trip on a ship to a faraway star    what can we play on a rainy day    till the sun comes out and the clouds go away.    we can still have fun if the sky is gray    when we play on a rainy day    it's fun on a rainy day.   oh, it is.  oh, oh, listen.  i think it stopped raining.  bj: oh. oh, i have to go see.  oh, i think you're right. okay.  i'll be right back.  barney: okay, let us know.  wait right here. barney: okay.  oh, looky, a real live rainbow.  it's the prettiest one i've ever seen.  oh, hurry, everyone.  hurry, come see.  come see the rainbow.   oh, it's right... it's...  what... what rainbow.  well, it was there a second ago.  rainbows don't last long, baby bop, but there will be others.  since it stopped raining, how about we go play. okay.  okay, have fun. see you later. bye, guys.  oh.  i wish it would come back.  it had lots of pretty colors.  there was red...  oh. just like the color of these flowers.  uhhuh.  and there was green. barney: hmm.  oh, just like leaves on the trees.  and orange.  oh, just like, uh...  oh, that paint on b.j.'s apron.  oh.  and there was purple like that. right.  and yellow and pink and... yellow.  cut it out, will you. boy.  that tickles. oh.  sorry, bj.   i just i had my rainbow back.  well, maybe you can.  how.  you can paint one of your very own.  i can.  well, sure, sissy, there's lots of drawing paper left in the caboose.  well, i'm going to paint a great big rainbowas big as a real one.  oh. come on, bj, you can help me. cool.  come on, let's go. oh, that sounds great.  baby bop is going to need lots of colors.  do you like color as much as i do.     all:  colors make me happy everywhere i go    the world is like a rainbow    puttin' on a beautiful show    oh, puttin' on a beautiful show      bj:  looking around makes me smile    at how colorful the world can be   baby bop:  from a snowflake to a butterfly    colors are beautiful to me      all:  colors make me happy everywhere i go    the world is like a rainbow    puttin' on a beautiful show    oh, puttin' on a beautiful show       my clothes come in colors    sometimes i'm feeling red    some days i'm feeling yellowish    or purple or pink instead       colors make me happy    everywhere i go    the world is like a rainbow    puttin' on a beautiful show, oh.    puttin' on a beautiful show.   kids: barney.   here you go, sissy, here's the rest of the paint.  oh, look at all those colors.  we're going to paint the prettiest rainbow ever.  hmm, i think you may be missing a color, baby bop.  well, let's see.  there's red, blue, orange, purple, and green.  bj: but you need one more.  do you know what color is missing.  oh, i know, i know.  it's yellow like my yellow blankey.  barney: that's right, baby bop.      i like my blankey it's very, very yellow    i like it even better than a bowl of jello   both:  when she holds it close it feels just right    she likes her yellow blankey in the day and night    i like my yellow blankey in the day and night   she really does.  she loves that thing.   my blankey is so special    and very, very yellow    i like to keep it with me    when i say, "hello"   both:  when she holds it close    it feels just right    she likes her yellow blankey    in the day and night    i like my yellow blankey    in the day and night   oh, you sure do.  she even sleeps with it.   my blankey feels so soft    like a big marshmallow    but i like it most    because it's oh, so yellow   both:  when she holds it close    it feels just right    she likes her yellow blankey    in the day and night    i like my yellow blankey    in the day and night     doodlie, doodlie, do.   whoo.  here you go, baby bop.  oh, thank you, david.  now you have all the colors you need to make a rainbow.  cool, this looks like a big job, sissy.  i think you're going to need help.  i think you're right.  maybe we could ask some of our friends to help us.  okay.  who wants to make a great big rainbow with me.  kids: i do.  me. i do. i do.  oh, this is going to be so much fun.  now, what's the very first color.  is it... red.     barney:  oh, i like red    it's the color of an apple    orange, it's the color of an orange    yellow, it's a lemon and our wonderful sun, sun, sun    green, it's the color of trees    and lots of things that grow    and then there's blue for the sky    and purple, that's a color that's fun, fun, fun   all:  and when we put those colors sidebyside    now what do you think we've done.    we've made a rainbow    and it's a really beautiful one, one, one   barney:  oh, i like red   baby bop:  it's the color of an apple   barney:  orange   bj:  it's the color of an orange   barney:  yellow   baby bop:  it's a lemon and our wonderful sun    sun, sun      barney:  green   bj:  it's the color of trees    and lots of things that grow    and then there's blue for the sky   both:  and purple, that's a color that's fun, fun, fun   all:  and when we put those colors sidebyside    now what do you think we've done.   we've made a rainbow.  we've made a rainbow.  all:  we've made a rainbow    and it's a really beautiful one.    there, we did it.  we made the most beautiful rainbow in the whole world.  yeah, we sure did.   what. oh, no.  it's starting to rain again.  hurry, everyone inside.  come on, sissy.  baby bop: my hair's going to frizz.  barney: oh. here i come.  baby bop: oh, my rainbow.   bj: oh, there it goes.  oh, no.  baby bop: oh, byebye, rainbow.  oh, i'll miss you.  it was just like a real rainbow, baby bop: it brightened our sky with beautiful colors.  it's okay, sissy.  we'll just paint something else.  come on.  okay, bj, i'll be right there.  well, what's that over there.  oh, barney.  my rainbow is back.  it certainly is.  and it's stu... shh.  : ...pendous.  careful, don't scare it away.  isn't it wonderful, barney.  it's the prettiest thing i've ever seen.  bj: hey, sissy.  are you coming.  okay, bj, i'll be right there.  barney, thank you for everything.  you're very welcome, baby bop.  i'll see you later.  okay.  and bye, rainbow.  i'll see you later, too.  byebye.  we don't see rainbows every day, that's what makes them so special.  and they're even more special when we share them with someone we love.   i love you    you love me    we're a happy family    with a great big hug    and a kiss from me to you    won't you say you love me, too.       i love you    you love me    we're best friends    like friends should be    with a great big hug    and a kiss from me to you    won't you say you love me, too.    kids: let's play with barney.  hello again to all my friends.  i'm glad you're here today.  there's lots to do when i'm with you.  let's have fun and play.  let's go riding today.  can you pedal to the rhythm of the music.  whoa. that's fast.  oh, that's slow.  when you ride with friends, the fun never ends.  thanks for playing.  i love you.  sounds make...   mooo.    meow...meow.   hooheehee.   quackquackquack.  what sounds can you make.   love.  i love my mommy and daddy.  i love my granny.  i love my friend, aniya.  i love my family.  what do you love.  something do.  hop.  make a silly face.   cartwheel.  what can you do.  know.  i know my telephone number.  a caterpillar becomes a butterfly when it grows up.  i know my sister loves me.  what do you know. hmmmm... )