 by the u.s. department of education and hit entertainment   barney is a dinosaur from our imagination    and when he's tall, he's what we call a dinosaur sensation.    barney's friends are big and small    they come from lots of places    after school, they meet to play    and sing with happy faces.    barney shows us lots of things    like how to play pretend    abcs and 123s and how to be a friend.  .   barney comes to play with us whenever we may need him    barney can be your friend, too    if you just makebelieve him.   girl: aren't these the cutest kittens you've ever seen.  they sure are.  they're cute and cuddly and very small.  they're just a few weeks old.  they were born at the animal shelter.  what's the animal shelter.  it's a place that takes care of animals that get lost or that don't have a home.  my mom and i help take care of the animals there.  that sounds like fun.  it is, especially when kittens are born.  how many kittens are there.  let's count them.   one little, two little    three little kittens...    four little, five little    six little kittens...    seven little, eight little    nine little kittens...   both:  ten little, bitty kitty cats.   let's count backwards.  okay.   ten little, nine little    eight little kittens...    seven little, six little    five little kittens...    four little, three little    two little kittens...   both:  one little, bitty kitty cat.   let's look for some more.  okay.   one little, two little, three little kittens...     four little, five little, six little kittens...     seven little, eight little, nine little kittens...   both:  ten little, bitty kitty cats.       there may be ten little kittens, but there's only one barney.  : that's me.  girls: barney.  whoa.  hello, whitney.  hi, there, angela.  ooh, what a cute little kitten.  do you want to play.  i want to, barney.  me, too.  okay.  come on, let's go.  there are so many fun things we can do today.   oh, look, there's miss jo.   oh, hello, barney.  hi, girls.  "lost cat." oh, no.  is your cat lost, miss jo.  i'm afraid so.  cody's bee i have looked and looked,   but i haven't found him.  have any of you seen him.  girls: no, sorry.  sorry, 'o '' i haven't seen him, either.  well, i'm beginning to get a little worried.  % it's just not like him to be gone for so long.      my pretty kitty left me, i don't know what to do    he walked right out the door and now i'm telling you    i'm feeling really sad, oh, so bad, kind of mad    feeling blue...   girls and barney: feeling sad, oh, so bad, kind of mad, feeling blue.   i'm feeling really sad, oh, so bad, kind of mad    feeling blue...   feeling sad, oh, so bad, kind of mad, feeling blue.   he didn't even tell me where he planned to go    i don't know how he really expected me to know    i'm feeling really sad, oh, so bad, kind of mad    feeling blue...   feeling sad, oh, so bad, kind of mad, feeling blue.   i'm feeling really sad    oh, so bad, kind of mad    feeling blue...   feeling sad, oh, so bad, kind of mad, feeling blue.   i've got the feeling sad, oh, so bad, kind of mad    pretty kitty blues.   barney: aw.   i just wish i had some idea of where to find you, cody.  maybe cody is at the animal shelter.  sometimes lost cats are taken there.  good thinking, angela.  the animal shelter is a terrific place to look for a lost animal.  i hadn't thought of that.  i'll go over there right now.  and we'll keep looking for cody here in the park.  thank you.  oh, i hope we find him soon.  i'll see you later.  all: bye, miss jo.  now, i wonder where cody could be.  sometimes cats like to climb up trees.  let's take a look.  here, cody.  here, kitty, kitty.  here, cody.  well, he's not up there.  cats like to take naps.  maybe he's sleeping in the tool shed.  there's one way to find out.   cody.  are you napping in there.  nope, he's not in here.  where else should we look.  maybe we should spread out and look all over the park.  cody could be hiding anywhere.  good thinking.  you're right, barney.  let's see if he's in the caboose.  okay.  good idea.  and i'll check the bushes by the bridge.  okay. bye.  byebye.  do you see angela and whitney.  no, i don't see them.  i thought they were coming to play safari with us.  yeah, me, too.   did you hear that noise.  maybe it's a tiger.  yyou look.  okay.  tony: be careful.  do you see anything.  yestwo big eyes...  and they're getting closer.  yikes.  watch out.  cody, is that you.  no, it's tony.  hi, barney.  oh, hi, tony.  and me.  he v4 llo, mario.   i'm so glad it's you, barney.  i thought you were a wild animal.  : oh, not me.  but i am looking for alostanim e al.  aee  really.  i'm looking for miss jo's cat, cody.  he's been missing since yesterday.  would you like to help me look for him.  sure.  we'll help.  okay, great.  here, kitty, kitty cat.  here, kitty, kitty.  here, kitty, kitty cat.  all:  there are cats in the jungle and cats in the city    some are really big z z and some are ittybitty   1 0 they've been helping me look for cody.  but no luck yet.  hey, something's moving over there.  can you see it.  is it an animal.  uh, i see it.  it's a... it's a...   a cat.   oh, boy.  is it cody.  let me get the poster and we'll see.  barney: okay.  it looks just like the picture on miss jo's poster.  yes, it's cody, all right.  boy, oh, boy.   miss jo will be so happy that we found him.    tony: she sure will be happy.  hey, when you look at cody with these, he looks big enough to be a lion.   well, a lionisa very big cat.  i didn't know that lions were big cats.  are tigers big cats, too.  yes, they are.  in fact, there are many different kinds and sizes of cats.  barney: there are wild cats that are big, like tigers...  and lions...  and leopards.  and there are cats that are small, like the cats and kittens people have as pets.  cats have the same shape, even if they're a different size or color.  most cats have whiskers, fur, claws and a tail, and they all walk on four legs.  cats talk in their own special way.   big cats roar...   and little cats meow.   and do you know what sound a cat makes when it's happy.  tony: what's that, barney.  it purrs to tell you that everything is just purrfect.   i think it would be fun to be a tiger.  that would be so cool.  well, when you use your imagination, you can be anything you want, even a tiger.   barney:  a tiger is an .  animal    who walks around like a great big beautiful cat    he is orange and black with lots of stripes    now, what do you think of that.     oh, he is big...   wow.  ]r  and he's got teeth...     he's got a roar...     and he's got claws down underneath...     and he's got stripes...   yipes.   and a big tail, too...   ooh.  all:  he's my favorite animal    in the zoo.   barney: teerific tigers, everyone.       a tiger is an animal    who walks around like a great big beautiful cat    he is orange and black with lots of stripes    now, what do you think of that.    oh, he is big...   g wow.   and he's got teeth...     he's got a roar...     and he's got claws down underneath...     and he's got stripes...   yipes.   and a big tail, too...   ooh.  all:  he's my favorite animal    in the zoo.      it sounds like cody is pretty happy.  i'm sure he'll be even happier when he sees miss jo.  we'd better call her and tell her that we found cody.  we'll do it.  come on, tony.  okay.  here's the phone number on this poster.  see you later, guys.  bye.  byebye.  i know miss jo really misses cody.  and i'm sure cody misses the loving care miss jo gives him every day.  oh, we'll watch over you until miss jo comes to take you home.  taking good care of your pets is a wonderful way to show them that you love them.  all:  yes, let's take care of our pets    our hamsters and bunnies and turtles    our fishes and frogs and our cats and our dogs    let's take care of our pets...   :  give them food and water...    run with them down the trail...    brush out their fur...    you might get a purr...    or even a wagging tail.   i know you love your pets very much.  will you show me how you take care of them.  barney:  yes, let's take care of our pets    our hamsters and bunnies and turtles    our fishes and frogs and our cats and our dogs    let's take care of our pets.    all:  yes, let's take care of our pets    our hamsters and bunnies and turtles    our fishes and frogs and our cats and our dogs    let's take care of our pets    our fishes and frogs j and our cats and our dogs    let's take care of our pets.   :  dadum, dadum, dum.   whoa.  are you hungry, cody.  i took some treats to the cats at the shelter yesterday.  i think there are still some in my backpack.  come on, cody.  good thinking, angela.   i'm sure cody would love a treat.  girls: hi, guys.  hi, there.  did you call miss jo.  yeah, she's coming right over.  that's great.  we're going to feed cody a treat.  barney: that's very nice, angela.  i'm sure cody will lov g e it.  here you are, cody.  i hope you like them.  i think he likes his treats almost as much as i like cookies.  yum.  i'd like a cookie right now.  me, too.  well, um, let's see if i have any tasty cookies...  : in my lunch box.  whoa.   a lunch box.   i'll just open this and...  it's right in here.   there you go.  put that on the table.  ooh, can't forget the toppings.   they look yummy.  oh, and one more.  oh, we can decorate them and bake them and they'll be delicious to eat.   barney:  lookie, lookie, it's a cookie, cookie    a cookie that i'm going to eat   all:  lookie, lookie, it's a cookie, cookie    yummy and nummy and sweet   barney:  first we make 'em, then we bake 'em    i can hardly wait until they're done   all:  lookie, lookie, it's a cookie, cookie    cookies are wonderful fun.   that's right.    lookie, lookie, it's a cookie, cookie    with a glass of milk and a plate.   all:  lookie, lookie, it's a cookie, cookie    smelling and tasting great.    first we make 'em, then we bake 'em    then we decorate 'em when they're done...    oh, thank you.   lookie, lookie, it's a cookie, cookie    cookies are wonderful fun.     they might be chewy...    they might be gooey...    maybe crunchy and munchy when they're done.    all:  lookie, lookie, it's a cookie, cookie    cookies are wonderful fun    cookies are wonderful fun.    those look great, everyone.  i bet they taste good, too.   now that his tummy's full, i think cody is getting sleepy.  my cat likes to sleep with a soft, cozy blanket in her bed.  here's a soft blanket.  and here's a nice basket that could be his bed.  oh, that will be a great place for cody to take a nap.  here you go, cody.   cody's bed looks so comfortable, i wouldn't mind taking a nap myself.     if you feel a little tired    feeling kind of sleepy    maybe feel a little grumpy, too    it could be that a little nap    would be just right for you.   mario:  it would help you feel better    make you feel good...    and you'll be happier, too.    you see, everybody needs a little nap    everybody needs a nap.   all:  everybody needs a nap, you see    close your eyes and sleep peacefully    and when you wake up in a while    you'll be wearing a great big smile    everybody needs a nap, you know    it will help you to be smart and grow    big or little, young or old, everybody needs a nap    everybody needs a nap.   barney:  if you feel a little tired    feeling kind of sleepy    maybe feel a little grumpy, too    it could be that a little nap    would be just right for you.    it would help you feel better    make you feel good    and you'll be happier, too    you see, everybody needs a little nap    everybody needs a nap.    everybody needs a nap, you see    close your eyes and sleep peacefully    big or little, young or old, everybody needs a nap    everybody needs a nap.       all:  big or little, young or old, everybody needs a nap    everybody needs a nap.     barney: it looks like cody is still enjoying his nap.  what do you want to do now.  well, we should do something that's quiet because cody is still sleeping.  i have an idea.  let's make some cat friends to play with until he wakes up.  that's a teerific idea, angela.  i can't wait to see what you're going to make.  these are going to be great when they're done.  be careful with the scissors.  i'm making a mommy cat.  barney: okay.  hey, i know, let's make kittens, too.   angela: there we go.  i'm going to glue the googly eyes on him.  barney: googly eyes are funny.  angela: i'm making a kitten with mittens.  that's a good idea, angela.  tony: look, my kitten has stripes.  mine has lots of fur, like a lion.  barney: oh, it sure does.  ooh, you've made a nice cat familymommy and her kittens.  let's tell the story about the three little kittens.  barney: that's a great idea, angela.    three little kittens, they lost their mittens    and they began to cry.   ensemble:  oh, mother dear, see here, see here    our mittens we have lost.    what. lost your mittens. you naughty kittens    then you shall have no pie.   ensemble:  meow, meow, meow, meow, then we shall have no pie.   barney: i hope you find them.  angela: yeah, let's put on the mittens.   three little kittens, they found their mittens    and they began to cry.   ensemble:  oh, mother dear, see here, see here    our mittens we have found.   whitney:  what. found your mittens. you funny kittens    then you shall have some pie.   ensemble:  purr, purr, purr, purr    then let us have some pie.   barney: that sounds good.    the three little kittens put on their mittens    and soon ate up their pie.   ensemble:  oh, mother dear, see here, see here    our mittens we have soiled.    what. soiled your mittens. you naughty kittens.   barney:  then they began to sigh.   ensemble:  meow, meow, meow, meow.   barney:  then they began to sigh.   oh, poor little kittens.  yeah, good idea, angela.   the three little kittens, they washed their mittens    and hung them out to dry.   ensemble:  oh, mother dear, see here, see here    our mittens we have washed.    what. washed your mittens. you're good little kittens    now you can go and play.   ensemble:  meow, meow, meow, meow, now we can go and play.    hello, everyone.   cody.  oh, there you are.  i am so happy to see you.  barney: and i can tell by his purr that cody is "purrfectly" happy to see you, too, miss jo.   thank you all so much for finding cody and taking such good care of him.  barney: you're welcome, miss jo.  get in, cody.  i want you to get home safely.  we do, too.  i think cody has made some new friends.  and we've made a new pet friend.   yes, you have.  cody and i are so lucky to have good friends like you.  thank you, miss jo.    friends are special, so important    they make the world go round    we like helping one another    in school or on the playground.    friends are there to help each other    when one is feeling sad    being friends is very special    be a friend and you'll be glad.       all:  friends are special, so important    they make the world go round    we like helping one another    in school or on the playground    friends are there to help each other    when one is feeling sad    being friends is very special    be a friend and you'll be glad    being friends is very special    be a friend and you'll be glad.    oh, that was nice.  oh, thank you again, everyone, but it's time for me to take cody home.  byebye.   i really had fun taking care of cody today.   <w< well, i think all of you < did < such a superdeeduper job caring for cody, that i have a little surprise for you.  a surprise.  i love surprises.  tony: what is it.  oh, cool.  it's a perfect pet pal sticker.   oh, you're welcome.  here, you need one, too.  oh, thank you, angela.  now we're all perfect pals.  and i can't think of anything i like more than being with friends like you.    i love you, you love me    we're a happy family    with a great big hug and a kiss from me to you    w't you say you love me, too.   all:  i love you, you love me    we're best friends like friends should be    with a great big hug and a kiss from me to you    won't you say you love me, too.    thanks for a great day, barney.  it's always a great day when i spend it with you.  well, i guess it's time for me to go home.  yeah, me, too.  all: bye, barney.  thanks. see you.  ...eight, nine, ten.  every parent needs a helping hand.  barney brings the essential skills your child needs for caring and emotional development.  learning how to care for petstakes time and understanding.  we can help our children by setting examplesthey can follow.  in this episode,barney and his friends learn that pets can be an importantpart of our families.  miss jo is sad, becauseshe's lost her cat, cody.  barney and the childrenlook all around the park to help find him.  when mario spies a catwith his binoculars, it turns out to be cody.  everyone is happy to find him.  barney reminds us that thereare other kinds of cats, toobig cats...like lions and tigers.  the children try to learnmore about cats by pretending to be one.  whitney and angelapet cody nicely, and then they make surehe has fresh water to drink.  they even brush his fur.  miss jo is so happyto see cody again.  and cody sounds happy, too.   different pets need to becared for in different ways.  and some pets requiremore attention than others.  reading stories andplaying games is a fun way to learn about animals,but taking care of real pets takes commitmentand responsibility.  choosing a pet and learninghow to care for it can be a wonderful experiencefor the whole family.  to learn moreaboutbarney & friends...  sneezing is something everybody does.  something do.  i can hop like a kangaroo.  boing...boing...boing.  i can ride a carousel.  i can do the splits.  what can you do.  know.  i know my telephone number.  a caterpillar becomes a butterfly when it grows up.  i know my sister loves me.  what do you know. hmmmm...   captioning spo sounds make...   mooo.    meow...meow.   hooheehee.   quackquackquack.  what sounds can you make.   love.  i love rainbows.  grapes. pizza.  horses.  i love my dog, tippy.  what do you love.  ponsored by the u.s. department of education and hit entertainment captioned by media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org  digital is nearly complete.  be sure to rescan often to pick up the latest channels.  you can also contact kqed: or visit our website at: )