  barney is a dinosaurfrom our imagination    and when he's tall,he's what we call    a dinosaur sensation     barney's friendsare big and small    they come fromlots of places    after school,they meet to play    and sing with happy faces    barney shows uslots of things    like how to play pretend    abcs and 123sand how to be a friend    barney comes to play with uswhenever we may need him    barney can be your friend,too    iyou justmakebelieve him.   all: barney.  oh, hello, everybody.  hi, barney.  oh, well, hello there, josh.  nice to see you.  here. this is for you.  thank you, emma.  let's see. put that one there.  i'll put another one down here, at the bottom of the steps.  that's a good place right there.  thank you.  and i'm going to put one right here.   what's so funny.  why is everyone laughing.   i put a poster on your back.  oh. and who's this on your poster.  it's a picture of monty, my pet caterpillar.  i can't find him anywhere.  i think he's lost, barney.  i see. you're putting up pictures so everyone will know what he looks like.  yes.  hi, barney. hi, guys.  hi, bj. hi, there, riff.  sissy, we finished putting up our pictures of monty.  what should we do next.  well, i don't know, but i really, really miss him.  maybe, if we look extra hard, we'll find him.  will you please help us look.  all right. let's go.  come on. i'll look back here.   where, oh, where has my little pet gone    oh, where, oh, where can he be.    he's her dearest friend in the whole wide world    oh, where, oh, where can he be.   here, monty.   where, oh, where has my little pet gone.     oh, where, oh, where can he be.    he has always been there to listen and play    oh, where, oh, where can he be.    where, oh, where has my little pet gone.     oh, where, oh, where can he be.    i just know we'll find him, i'm sure we will    but where, oh, where can he be.   it'll be okay.  well, i'm worried.  oh, barney, we have to find monty.  he's so little, he needs me to take care of him.  we've looked everywhere, sissy.  what am i going to do.  we tried looking, maybe we should try listening now.  listening. well, how can you listen for a caterpillar.  if you listen carefully, you can hear all kinds of things.  let's try.  well, okay.   oh, i hear a bird singing.   that's a car horn.   and a doggie barking.  i hear it, too.   we can listen to the sound of a frog in the water     listen to a mommy talking to her daughter   katie, it's time to go.   listen to the animals playing in the woods    and listen to the sounds of our neighborhood    and listen to the sounds of our neighborhood    listen with your left ear and your right    listen to the sounds of the day and night      we listen with our ears, that's right.  that's right.   if we try to listen with our eyes and nose    try to listen with our fingers and toes    we'd be all mixed up and never hear a thing    we're going to hear a bell ringing dingdingding    we couldn't hear a bell ringing dingdingding    oh, listen with your left ear and your right    listen to the sounds of the day and night.     shh. shh.  we listen with our ears, that's right.  that's right.  umm... barney, we still haven't found monty, and i don't know what i'm going to do.  well, maybe we can think of another way to find him.  when i lose something, i lookitylook in the last place i saw it.  sometimes it's still there.  that's superdeeduper duper, riff. oh, thanks.  baby bop, can you remember the last place you saw monty.  let's see, he was eating some leaves.  oh, yes, yes. over here.  he was in here... and then he wasn't. oh.  but, baby bop, monty's not lost at all.  he's still here.  where, barney.  he's right there, on the twig.  oh, barney, that's not monty.  it doesn't look anything like him.  monty's inside this chrysalis.  his whatalis.  chrysalis.  it's a special covering that caterpillars can make, so monty's not lost.  he's safe inside his chrysalis.  oh. well, what's he doing in there.  shh. he's taking a nap, sissy.  bj, i don't think caterpillars take naps.   cats nap, dogs nap    little frogs on logs nap    bedebop, deedeebop    naps are for everyone, silly.   that's right. naps are for everyone.  let's see how some of our friends take their nap.   if you feel a little tired, feeling kind of sleepy    maybe feel a little grumpy, too    it could be that a little nap would be just right for you    it will help you feel better, make you feel good    just like the animals here at the zoo    you see, everybody needs a little nap    everybody needs a nap    everybody needs a nap, you see    close your eyes and sleep peacefully    and when you wake up in a while    you'll be wearing a great big smile    everybody needs a nap, you know    the lions, tigers and the big hippos    big or little, young or old, everybody needs a nap    everybody needs a nap.   barney, how long will monty nap.  does he have a blankie in there.  wonder when he'll wake up.  oh, i hope he's good and comfy.  baby bop, let's see if we can find some answers in this book about caterpillars.  oh, goody. i like books, and especially ones about caterpillars.  just look at all the caterpillars.  so many sizes, so many colors.  oh, barney, monty. it's monty. that looks like monty.  barney: little caterpillars are very hungry, so they eat a lot of leaves and plants.  they grow bigger and bigger until, one day, something special happens.  they make a chrysalis.  and, while they're inside, they finish growing.  when they come out of their chrysalis, they have wings, and we call them a...  all: butterfly.  you mean monty's going to turn into a butterfly.  that's right, baby bop.  a big, beautiful butterfly, like this.  oh. oh, i'm a butterfly.  oh, you look great.  good for you.  cool.  oh, wowzer.   three little butterflies looking at you    one flew away and then there were two    butterfly, butterfly, happy all day    butterfly, butterfly, fly, fly away   zoom. byebye.  byebye. oh, see ya.   two little butterflies sitting in the sun    one flew away and then there was one    butterfly, butterfly, happy all day    butterfly, butterfly, fly, fly away   later, skaters.  so long.   one little butterfly left all alone    one flew away, oh, and then there was none    butterfly, butterfly, happy all day    butterfly, butterfly, fly, fly away   i'm flying away.   butterfly, butterfly, happy all day    butterfly, butterfly, fly, fly away.   oh, hey, little butterflies...  wait for me.  ooh, whee.  it's fantastic fun to fluttery flutter like a butterfly.  yeah, it sure is.  shh. monty's still sleeping.  let's go check on him.  okay. okay.  where is he.  he isn't here.  he's gone.  oh, the chrysalis is empty.  and that means monty has become a butterfly.  a butterfly. cool. oh, goodie.  but whwhwhere is he.  i don't see him.  oh, did he already fly away.  barney, i wanted to see his beautiful wings andand... he forgot to tell me goodbye.  baby bop, you took such good care of monty, i'm sure he'll never forget you.  and i'll never forget him.  look, flutterbys, butter, flutter, uh...  butterflies.  sissy, come quick.  what..  ooh.  just look at all of them.  maybe one of them is monty.  oh, monty, you didn't forget me.  look at you.  well, you're a real butterfly.   oh... a butterfly kiss.   oh, goodbye, monty.  i won't forget you... ever.   they grow up so fast.  oh, uh, baby bop, i think you have a visitor.  wh... oh.  oh, lookie, everybody.  i have a new pet.  it's another caterpillar.  do you have a name.  what's that. oh, molly.  ooh, well, that's a pretty name.  come on, b.j., riff, we have to teach molly all about being a butterfly.  someday she'll need to make a chrysalist...  a chrysameth...  chrysalewhat's it called.  chrysalis. chrysalis.  yeah, that.  oh, byebye.  see you later.  little caterpillars grow bigger everyday until they become beautiful butterflies.  and every day, you grow a little bigger, too.  and i can't wait till we spend more time together and learn new things.   i'm so happy you're the one    that's here today having fun    wherever we go, whatever we do    it's better with a friend like you    everything's better with a friend    everything's better with a friend like you    playing, pretending, whatever we do    it's better with a friend like you    everything's better with a friend    everything's better with a friend like you    playing, pretending, whatever we do    it's better with a friend like you    playing, pretending, whatever we do    it's better with a friend like you.   byebye. see you soon.  it's time for a ba girl: time for barney's music box.    the wheels on the bus go round and round    round and round    round and round    the wheels on the bus go round and round    all through the town     all through the town     all through the town.   eight, nine, ten.  ready or not, here i come.  now where could they be.  oh, i wonder.  oh. oh, hello.  i'm glad to see you.  i'm playing hideandseek with some friends.  do you see them over here. no.  over there.  should we look behind the tree. okay.  you found us, barney.  well, i had help.  that was a fun game.  it sure was.  oh, hi, everybody.  hi, barney. hi, baby bop.  i'm helping b.j. with his bug collection.  come and see.  all right, let's go.  oh, i can't wait to see.  ladies and gentlemen, step right up for b.j.'s famous, fantastic, funfilled flea circus.  they're little, but they can really hop.  watch the center ring.  well, i'm watching, but i don't see anything.  fleas are so tiny, you have to look very carefully to see them.  uh, maybe they're taking a snack break.  snack break.  hey, guys, back to work.  oh...  there he goes.  whoa.  whoa.   fantastic.  the cannon, yay.  oh, it took me forever to teach them those tricks.  they were hopping all over the place.  oh, i like to hop, too.  sissy, if you were a bug, you'd be a baby bop hopper.    hop, hop    hop, hop    i know someone who is lots of fun    with a happy kind of dancing    all of her friends say baby bop    do the baby bop hop    hop, hop, hop    hop, hop, hop, hop    i know someone who is lots of fun    with a happy kind of dancing    all of her friends say baby bop    do the baby bop hop    hop, hop, hop    hop, hop, hop, hop    so sing this song, you can hop along    whenever you feel like jumping    'cause when you hop, you feel tiptop    doing the baby bop hop    let's do the baby bop hop    hop, hop, hop, hop    doing the baby bop hop    hop.    see you later. okay.  byebye.  see you later, ethan.   whoa, what's that sound.  is it one of your bugs, b.j..  no, it sounds like...  all: riff.  oh.   hi, everybody.  hi, riff. ooh, what is that.  oh, i just made it.  i call it a nature stick...  because if you blow here, it sounds like wind.   it does. cool.  and if you turn it upside down, it sounds like rain.  oh...  awesome. pretty.  oh, can i try it, please.  i'll be very careful.  oh, sure, baby bop.  go for it. thank you.  hey, riff, want to see my bug collection.  ooh, come check out this millipede.  uh... no, thanks, b.j.  bugs are kind of... ooh. ick.  do you think they're a little scary.  once i got bitten by a bug, and it hurt, and now i'm sort of scared of them.  well, bj's insects don't bite, but you should always ask a grownup which ones are safe to touch.  baby bop: oh, like little ladybugs and beautiful butterflies.  barney: they do important work, too.  they fly from flower to flower and that helps the plants grow.  let's watch some friends pretend to be busy butterflies and ladybugs.    hey, look up here, up in the sky    here in the fluffy clouds, way up high    let's shout "hooray" as we float by    hey, look at me, i can fly    i'm like a butterfly in the sky    flying around with them, oh, so high    i wave hello, then i wave goodbye    hey, look at me, i can fly    hey, look at us, up in the sky    here in the fluffy clouds, way up high    let's shout "hooray" as we float by    hey, look at us, we can fly    i'm like a ladybug in the sky    flying around with them, oh, so high    i wave hello, then i wave goodbye    hey, look at me, i can fly    hey, look at me, i can fly   baby bop: oh, i don't see him.  uhoh, is he lost.  no, he's there.  you have to look very closely to find it.  its body looks a lot like the stick it's sitting on.  ew, ew, ew. that's one weird buggedybug.  that's why i like it so much.  oh, these are called cicadas.  they make a funny noise.  and crickets sound like they're singing.  really. but i don't hear anything.  that's because crickets usually sing at night.  but don't they have to go to bed.  oh, lots of insects stay awake at night making their own kind of music.  yeah, i've heard them before, in the dark.  with a little imagination, we can hear them right now.  listen.   what's that.  those aren't my bugs.  it's coming from the park. come on.  all right. let's go see.  oh, boy.  baby bop: oh, it's so pretty. it's nighttime.   oh, listen. i hear crickets.  and that's the sound of a cicada.  it's the music of the night.   listen to the nighttime    you can hear the wind awhistling     listen to the nighttime    you can hear a star fall     listen to the nighttime    you can hear the crickets singing    listen to the nighttime   you can hear cicadas call.   each and every nighttime friend    making music for day's end    together they make harmony   it's like a nighttime symphony.  oh, it's such pretty music.  and just for me.  yes, it is.   listen to the nighttime    you can hear the insects singing    listen to the nighttime    they're singing high and low    buzz, buzz   and if it's raining, you can hear a nighttime sprinkle.    listen to the nighttime    you can hear the branches blow    it's each and every nighttime friend    making music for day's end    together they make harmony   it's like a nighttime symphony.  the crickets make music just like me.   listen to the nighttime    listen to the nighttime    listen to the nighttime.   aw...   oh, wow.  baby bop: looky, looky.  barney, what's wrong with this star.  that's not a star, baby bop.  it twinkles like a star.  sissy, it's called a lightning bug.  and lightning bugs can make their own light, like a night light.  i can do that, too.  oh, cool.  oh, and look at all the lightning bugs coming to see you.  i think they're talking to you, riff.  i think they want to play.  this is tippitytop.  but riff, i thought you didn't like bugs.  hey, what's not to like.  come on.    twinkle, little lightning bug, twinkle    twinkle, little lightning bug, for me    twinkle, little lightning bug, all through the night    your twinkles are so special to me    sparkle, little lightning bugs, sparkle    sparkle, little lightning bug, for me    sparkle, little lightning bug, all through the night    your sparkles are so special to me   hey, look, there's more.   glimmer, little lightning bug, glimmer    glimmer, little lightning bug, for me    glimmer, little lightning bug, all through the night    your glimmers are so special to me    your sparkles are so special to me    your twinkles are so special to me.   barney: byebye all: byebye.  the crickets and cicadas were amazing.  and the lightning bugs were fantastic.  i like how they blinketyblink.  whoa.  your bugs are the best, beej.  glad you liked 'em.  i wonder if i can make a...   ...sound on my nature stick.  ooh, that'd be fun.  come on, guys, let's go.  bye, barney.  byebye. we'll see you later.  whether you like insects or just the sounds they make, isn't it nice when you can share the things you like with the people you love.   i love you, you love me    we're a happy family    with a great big hug and a kiss from me to you    won't you say you love me, too.    i love you, you love me    we're best friends like friends should be    with a great big hug and a kiss from me to you    won't you say you love me, too.    kids: let's play with barney.  hello again to all my friends.  i'm glad you're here today.  there's lots to do when i'm with you.  let's have fun and play.  today we're putting on a show.  we can use puppets, or we can perform in costumes, paint our faces...  or we can play a musical concert.  don't forget to take a bow.  thanks for playing.  i love you.  know.  when you cross the street, you have to look both ways.  a turtle walks slow.  best friends share things.  what do you know. hmmmm...  sounds make...   )