 um, what's that strange sound.  do you hear it.  zoom. haha.   ladies and gentlemen, this is your pilot speaking, captain bj.  we hope you're enjoying your flight today.  zoom.  if you look this way, you'll see a really cool playset, and if you look that way...  uhoh, we're headed straight for big, purple barney.  oh, look out.  whoa.   oh, that was some fancy flying, captain bj.  oh, thanks, barney.  what do you think of my new airplane.  isn't it the most awesome thing you've ever seen.  oh, uhhuh. that's a teerific toy.  see, it's just like a real plane.  it has two wings ana tail and everything.  and this is the cockpit where the pilot sits to fly the plane.  where are you going to fly now.  oh, way up there.  okay.  zoom.  oh, look.  look.   hey, look up there, up in the sky    there in the fluffy clouds way up high    let's shout "hurray." as they zoom by    hey, look at mei can fly.   : hello.   i'm like a bird in the sky    flying around with them, oh, so high    i wave hello    and i wave goodbye    hey, look at me, i can fly    look at me, guys    hey, look at us up in the sky    here in the fluffy clouds way up high    we hear "hurray." as we zoom by    hey, look at uswe can fly.    i'm like a bird in the sky    flying around with them oh, so high    i wave hello, then i wave goodbye    hey, look at me, i can fly.    hey, look at me, i can fly.   whoa, here i come.  zoom, zoom, duddledum.  that thing's totally tippety top, beej.  thanks, riff. and now, it's time to land.  cool. okay. here, i'll just move this stuff out of the way here.  thanks, barney. there you go.  oh, captain bj, you're cleared to land.   we're coming in.  please fasten your seatbelts and put your tray tables in their upright positions.  barney: whoa. there we go.  oh, man, this plane is the greatest.  oh, check it out.  it even has...   ...propellers.  that's right, some planes have propellers that spin around and around.  they help the plane fly through the air.  sometimes they sound like the bebopping beat of a drum.  here, listen. i'll show you.     yeah.  oh, if all airplanes sounded like that, ooh, the sky would be filled with music.  both: hi, riff. hi, bj.  hi, madison. hello.  bj: hi, david. barney.  do you want to play some more hopscotch.  you guys can play, too.  oh, that sounds great.  oh, thanks for inviting us.  yeah, sounds fine.  uh, thanks. maybe later.  oh, beej, can i play with your plane.  please.  sure.  oh, thanks.  oh, it's very nice of you to share, bj.  now, let's share a game of hopscotch with madison and david.  oh, cool.  okay.   hmm. i wonder how the propellers spin around like that.   do, do, do, do, do    chchchchch...    bananananow, chch...    how does this thing work.    how does this thing work.    how does this thing work.    i really want to know    what if i push here.    what if i pull there.    how does this thing work.    i really want to know    i've got a lot of questions    i really want to know    why things work the way they do    i'd like to find the answer, so    how does this thing work.    how does this thing work.    how does this thing work.    i really want to know    what if i push here.    what if i pull there.    how does this thing work.    i really want to know.   i wonder what's in here.  oh, what if this was a real plane.  it'd be full of people and suitcases.  wouldn't it be fantastic fun to be in a real airplane.  coolarama.  barney:  let's go flying in a plane today    it's so much fun to fly away    to a place we really want to see    or to visit some friends and family   :  flying in a plane, flying in a plane    we love flying in a plane   barney:  the airplane pilots take great care    when flying passengers here and there    they check their list for every flight    to make sure everything's just right   :  flying in a plane, flying in a plane    we love flying in a plane   barney:  the flight attendants are always nice    they smile and give good safety advice    they help with bags and finding seats    and sometimes even pass out treats   : . flying in a plane, flying in a plane    we love flying in a plane   barney:  when the pilot is ready to go    the engines rev and we all know    that soon we will be soaring high    with the clouds in the big, blue sky   :  flying in a plane, flying in a plane    we love flying in a plane    flying in a plane, flying in a plane    we love flying in a plane.   i better put this back on the plane, but...  uhoh. where does it go.  oh, i have to get it back together.  okay, let's see. um...  the propeller goes here.  uh... no.  oh. okay. and, um...  uh... and that wing goes there.  but wait. uh... that's not it.  oh, maybe it fits here.  oh. oh, no.  it doesn't even look like a plane anymore.  oh, what am i going to do.  barney: there you go.  one more, now.  whoa. all right.  yay. oh, that was fun.  thanks for inviting us to play.  oh, yes, thank you very much.  both: you're welcome.  i just love hopscotch.  whoa.  okay. byebye, now.  oh, no.  bj's coming.  oh, hi, riff.  have you finished playing with my plane.  um... uh...  okay. so, can i have it back now, please.  uh, sure, beej.  why not.  riff, what are you doing.  oh, there you go, beej.  whoa.  what happened to my plane.  i'm sorry, bj i wanted to see how it worked, so i took it apart.  but then i couldn't remember how to put it back together.  i shouldn't have taken it apart without asking.  i'm really, really sorry.  i'm sure we can put it back together again.    uh, what.  it's just so funnylooking.  you mean you're not mad.  no, i know how to put it back together.  observe closely.  see, a wing goes on each side like this.  oh, that's how... the tail goes like that, and the propellers go on the front like this.  tada.  i'm so glad you knew how to fix it.  oh, look, bj, you're not the only one who brought a plane to the park today.  awesome.  oh, look at all of them.  let's all pretend to fly like an airplane.  do you want to fly with us.  just stretch your arms wide and... fly.  riff: whoa. yeah.   diddupyupbadababa    oh, we are flying in an airplane    looking out the window    watching the clouds go by    flying in an airplane    looking out the window    up so very high    looking out the window we can see the wings    down below we see other things    like little tiny buildings and cars so small    it makes me feel like i'm really tall    bopbopbopbopbop    oh, we are flying in an airplane    looking out the window    watching the clouds go by   byebye.  flying in an airplane    looking out out the window    up so very high    pretending i'm the pilot is a lot of fun    i think when i grow up i really might be one    but for now i'm just enjoying being in this plane    safe from the snow and from the rain    oh, we are flying in an airplane    looking out the window    watching the clouds go by    flying in an airplane    looking out the window    up so very high    yes, we are flying in an airplane    looking out the window    watching the clouds go by    flying in an airplane    looking out the window    up so very high.   come on, riff, let's go play with my airplane together.  are you sure you want me to play with it.  oh, sure, i'm sure.   pilot to copilot, are we ready for takeoff.  copilot to pilot, yes, we are.  byebye. byebye.  bye, bj, bye, riff.  bye, riff. bye.  we had a wonderful time pretending we were airplanes.  flying high up in the sky.  it's so much fun to pretend.  especially with a friend like you.   i'm so happy you're the one    that's here today having fun    wherever we go, whatever we do    it's better with a friend like you    everything's better with a friend    everything's better with a friend like you    playing, pretending, whatever we do    it's better with a friend like you    everything's better with a friend    everything's better with a friend like you    playing, pretending, whatever we do    it's better with a friend like you    playing, pretending, whatever we do    it's better with a friend like you.   bye.  time for barney's music box.   hickory dickory dock    the mouse ran up the clock    the clock struck one, the mouse ran down    hickory dickory dock    the clock struck one, the mouse ran down    hickory dickory dock.    oh, hi there.  i'm so glad you could come and play.  let's see what our friends are doing today.  see, it floats.  oh, it's coming right to me.  hello.  hi, baby bop.  oh, hello, scott. hi, allison.  hi, barney. hi, barney.  barney, barney, come see my boat.  okay.  oh, wow, that's a finelooking boat.  what kind is it.  is it a motorboat.   or is it a sailing ship rocking and rolling on the wavy sea.  oh, ahoy there, matey.  it's a little pretend boat i made from a milk carton.  can't you see it.  of course, baby bop.  i meant what kind are you pretending it is.  oh, well, gee, i don't know.  i just made it so it could float in the water.  barney: and there it goes.  gently down the stream.   row, row, row your boat    gently down the stream    merrily, merrily, merrily, merrily    life is but a dream...   oh, that is a nice boat.   row, row, row your boat    gently down the stream    merrily, merrily, merrily, merrily    life is but a dream   i have an ideawhat if we sang a round.  sing around what, barney.  not around anything, baby bop.  but a musical round.  how do we do that.  well, you and scott start singing.  then allison and i will start singing a little bit later.  that's called a round. okay.  let's give it a try. whoa.   row, row, row your boat...    row, row, row your boat...    gently down the stream   merrily merrily, merrily, merrily    merrily, merrily, merrily, merrily    life is but a dream.   oh, now it's your turn to start first.  okay.   row, row, row your boat...    row, row, row your boat...    gently down the str  merrily merrily, merrily, merrily    merrily, merrily, merrily, merrily    life is but a dream.   good job.  that was fun. thanks, barney.  bye, baby bop.  see you later, barney. byebye.  byebye. see you soon.  oh, hi, barney.  hi, sissy. how's it going. hi, bj, hi, riff.  hi. did you see my boat.  boy, that boat's tippitytop, baby boppitybop.  thank you. i made it myself.  isn't it pretty.  riff: yeah.  i have always dreamed of riding in a great big boat.  maybe someday i'll get to.  if you could ride in a big boat, what kind would it be.  um... well, i don't know.  the kind that floats.   barney: floats.  there are lots of different kinds of boats, sissy.  really, like what.  well, follow me and i'll show you.  see you later, little boat.  stay right there.  i think you'll be surprised to see how many different kinds of boats there are.  maybe we'll find one that's just right for you.  here we go.  bj: look at thatit's a speedboat, sissy.  oh, that's a long, skinny boat.  barney: it's long and skinny so it can go very fast.  yeah, a boat like that can zoomityzoomzoom right across the water.  oh, i don't like zooming so much.  what else is there.  barney: okay, let's see...  oh, here's a fishing boat.  it goes slow so you can catch lots of fish.  no, thank you.  too smelly.  i just want to ride, i don't want to fish.  barney: all right, um...  oh, this is a special boat called a submarine.  it goes underwater.  under the water.  that's right.  no, thank you.  i want to stay on top of the water.  okay, well, let's see what others we can find.  baby bop: oh, what's that one, barney.  oh, that's a sailboat.  those big white triangles are called sails, you see.  barney: that's right.  the wind blows into the sails and pushes the boat across the water.  i think that boat is my favorite.  hey, i just had an idea. yeah.  what if we make a big sailboat for baby bop.  riff, we can't build a real sailboat.  we can do the next best thing, beej. yeah.  okay.  we'll see you later, guys. okay, byebye.  barney, barney, barney, come here. huh.  will you keep her busy for awhile.  oh, okay.  thanks. you're the best.  the white is nice, but there sure are lots of different boats.  do you have a favorite, barney.  hmm, i don't know if i can choose just one.  what about you.  what kind of boats do you like.   sailing, sailing over the bounding main    for many a stormy wind shall blow    till we come home again    sailing, sailing over the bounding main    for many a stormy wind shall blow    till we come home again    till we come home again.    a sailor went to sea, sea, sea    to see what he could see, see, see    but all that he could see, see, see    was the bottom of the deep blue sea, sea, sea    a sailor went to sea, sea, sea    to see what he could see, see, see    but all that he could see, see, see    was the bottom of the deep blue sea, sea, sea.   got to get this thing done.  riff, riff, can you help me with this.  riff.  oh, hold on, beej.  i want to pick out the perfect horn for baby bop's boat.  do boats have horns.  this one's going to.  ooh, do you like the sound of this.   that's a trumpet, riff, not a boat horn.  now could you please help me with this sail.  well, listen to this.   no, uh, saxophones don't make very good boat horns.  riff, don't think i can hold on much longer.  ooh, lookitylook at this one.   wowser.  wow. look out.  beej, beej, where'd you go.  what. let's stop playing around and i'll help you finish this boat.  oh, we don't have much time.  okay, get this off me, please.  this is going to be so cool.  yeah.   together, together, building together    it's so much fun, as you can see    together, together, whenever we're together    it's a great time for you and me     nothing can stop us when we get together    every day and every night    building together, anything is ssible    when you're here things turn out right    together, together, building together    it's so much fun, as you can see    together, together, whenever we're together    it's a great time for you and me    nothing can stop us when we get together    every day and every night    building together, anything is possible    when you're here things turn out right   oh, yeah.   together, together, building together    it's so much fun, as you can see    together, together, whenever we're together    it's a great time for you, for you and me. .  all right. oh, yeah.   she'll love it.  i think you're right.  both: are you ready, baby bop.  baby bop: yes.  surprise. surprise.  oh.  oh, it's so pretty.  it's a superdeeduper sailboat.  baby bop: oh, what. oh.  just like the one in the picture.  he made it for you, baby boppitybop.  out of boards and boxes.  yeah.  oh, bj, riff, it's like my dream come true.  thank you.  both: you're welcome what a very nice thing to do.  well, what are we waiting for.  let's go sailing.  oh, baby bop. yes.  i think there's something missing.  what's that.  well, if we're going to set sail, we need to look like sailors.   oh, a sailor hat.  barney: ahoy there, mateys.  i think it's time to set sail aboard captain baby bop's boat.   whoa. whoa.  ahoy. here we go.   i'd love to sail on a sailing ship    and sail away to sea    sailing, sailing, the sailing life for me    sailing, sailing, the sailing life for me    we'll feel the waves go up and down    the wind will blow us 'round and 'round    we'll wave hello    to the ships we know when we go out to sea, arrgh.    i'd love to sail on a sailing ship    and sail away to sea    sailing, sailing, the sailing life for me    sailing, sailing, the sailing life for me    we'll watch the whales and dolphins play    splashing in the salty spray    as we float on our beautiful boat    when we go out to sea     i'd love to sail on a sailing ship    and sail away to sea    sailing, sailing, the sailing life for me    sailing, sailing, the sailing life for me.   whee. i'm queen of the world.  oh, oh, oh, that was fun.  now i'm ready for a fast boat.  oh, you are.  uhhuh. oh, bj, riff, would you please help me make it.  both: what..  i want a speedboat this time. long and skinny and very fast.  we can build it on my wagon.  come on, riff.  let's go make another boat.  all right.  bye, barney. bye, barney.  byebye. see you later.  oh, i had a great time sailing with you today.  it was certainly nice of bj and riff to build baby bop her very own boat.  it's always fun when we do something special for the people we love.   i love you, you love me    we're a happy family    with a great big hug and a kiss from me to you    won't you say you love me, too.   whoo.   i love you, you love me    we're best friends, like friends should be    with a great big hug and a kiss from me to you    won't you say you love me, too.   captioned by media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org  kids: let's play with barney.  hello again to all my friends.  i'm glad you're here today.  there's lots to do when i'm with you.  let's have fun and play.  today let's pretend to be butterflies.  can you ride on the wind and soar through the air.  oh, i like the colors in your beeutiful wings.  it's fun to pretend to fly.  thanks for playing.  i love you.  know.  i know how to read books.  i know how to brush my teeth.  i know how to spell star.  i know how to dial 911.  what do you know. hmmmm...  sounds make...   )