     all:  barney is a dinosaur from our imagination    and when he's tall    he's what we call a dinosaur sensation    barney's friends are big and small    they come from lots of places    after school, they meet to play    and sing with happy faces    barney shows us lots of things    like how to play pretend   s and 123s and how to be a friend    barney comes to play with us    whenever we may nee  barney can be your friend too    if you just make believe him    these are good too.  man, we're gonna need a lot of props for the school play.   yeah.  ooh, look at me.  i'm cinderella.  anybody see a glass slipper.    here's the magic wand for the magician.   looks great, tracy.   anybody see that list of food we need for the concession stand.   it was next to barney.   okay.  where'd he go.   well, he was here a minute ago.   whoahohoho.  oh, hello, everybody.  all: barney.   well, hi there.   hey, barney, didn't recognize you with the new 'do.   well, it's not really my color.    we're making props for the school play.   do you want to help.   oh, i'd be deelighted.  oh, let's see.  all:  what shall    we'll make something fun      we'll make something fun    using paint or pencils    crayons, clay, or string    putting things together    you can hear us sing      we'll make something fun    do you like my mask.   oh, yeah.   nice.   do you like my crown.   awesome.   you could be a king.   this is the magic mirror.   cool.   you like my shakers.   yeah.   shake, shake, shake.   this is the tambourine.   whoa.   everything looks so nice.  all:  what shall    we'll make something fun      we'll make something fun    using paint or pencils    crayons, clay, or string    putting things together    you can hear us sing      we'll make something fun    cool.   oh, hi, everybody.   hey, guys.   well, hi there.   hi, guys.  whoa.  what's going on in here.   we're getting ready for the school play.   ooh, can i help.   yeah, me too.   oh, well, sure.  it looks like tracy could use a hand.  she's getting food ready for the concession stand.   oh, i can help with food.  yummy.   mm, what kind of food do we have.   pickles. hoho.  like they say, "a pickle a day " , those pickles aren't for you.   oh.  yeah, but you know how much i like pickles.  oh.  barney.   huh.   can i have just one.  please.   well, i guess just one wouldn't hurt if it's okay with everybody else.   yeah.  okay.   hoho, yeah.   well, come on, everybody.  let's get back to work.  lots to do.     how's that pickle going.   looking good. looking good.  oh, yeah, pickle.   very nice.   that looks good.  that's my color.   hey, everybody working on the school play.   yeah.      here's some more pickles.   oh, well, good.  where'd you put the other ones, .  ..  .  you ate the whole jar of pickles.   did i.  oh, i didn't mean to.   dude, that's a lot of pickles.   those were snacks for the play.   oh.   it's okay.  we have more.   hoho.  more.  all right.  i mean, i'll put those away for you.   uhuhuh.  don't even think about touching this jar.   hey, i was just trying to be helpful.   come on, everybody.  there's still a lot to do.   hohoho.  oh, i think this show is going to be a royal success.   you bet.   oh, it's great fun to put on shows.  do you like to put on a show too.  all: ooh.      ohho, sure you can   all:  what about lights.     oh, big and bright   all:  we're gonna need a curtain     yes, we will   all:  and a spotlight too     that's what we'll do    it's gonna be fun, you know    let's put on a show   all:  there's gonna be music    there's gonna be dancin'    we'll sing a song or two    that's what we're gonna do    let's get dressed up    and play pretend    we'll sing and dance    for all our friends    let's get started    i can hardly wait    doing a show is gonna be great     come on, everybody, let's go    we're putting on a show    there's gonna be music    there's gonna be dancin'   whoa.   we can hardly wait    doing a show is gonna be great    it's gonna be fun, you know    let's put on a show   come on.  all:  everybody, let's go    we're putting on a show      i know put that other jar of pickles somewhere over here.  .   b.j., what are you hiding.   oh, nothing.  .  you ate all these too.   oh, sorry.  i couldn't help myself.   looks like you helped yourself to a lot, b.j.   you really should save some for the show.   oh, i'll try.  really.   okay, b.j.   hey, barney, i finished my masks.  what do you think.   oh, my.  they're great.  well, they're like the masks used when people started putting on shows long ago in greece.   greece.   uhhuh.   grease.  it's what i put on my scooter wheels, sissy.   actually, this greece is a country.  oh, and we can go there.  all we need is a little imagination.  ..  hohoho, whoa.  all: the travel book.   right.   ha, hoho.  oh, boy.    there are so many places we can go    there's just so much to see    if we use our imaginations    we can be anywhere we want to be   all:  now, here we go again    we're travelin'    there's a great big world to see    we're gonna have fun, you know    everywhere we go    a new adventure for you and me     meet a friend or two    that's what we'll do    and learn how they live each day    we're going to travel around this great big world    in a new and exciting way   okay.  all:  now, here we go again    we're travelin'    there's a great big world to see    we're gonna have fun, you know    everywhere we go    a new adventure for you and me    whoaho.  whoahoho.   whoa.   here we are.  beautiful greece.  oh, the weather is almost always sunny and hot here.   i love it here.  both: barney.   oh, hello, demetri.  hello, damara.  oh, i'd like you to meet tracy, connor, and myra.  you know b.j. and baby bop.   hey, guys.   hi, nice to meet you.   oh, my, looks like you've been exercising.   yeah, we're getting ready to compete in the junior olympics.   there's all kind of sports events, like running, jumping, throwing.   oh, the olympics is a great tradition that started in greece long, long ago.   would you like to join us in some warmup exercises.   oh, absolutely.  can you do some exercises too.  like this.  whoahoho.   put your arms up    put your arms up    put your arms down    put your arms down    put your arms up    and down and up and down    oh, and shake them all around    put your leg up    put your leg up    put your leg down    put your leg down    put your leg up    and down and up and down    and run and run around   all:  we like to run and jump and slide    this how we exercise    no matter how you choose to move    exercise is good for you     put your arms in    put your arms in    put your arms out    put your arms out    put your arms in    and out and in and out    and shake them all about    put your yourself in    put your yourself in    put your yourself out    put your yourself out    put your yourself in    and out and in and out    a wiggle all about   all:  we like to run and jump and slide    this how we exercise    no matter how you choose to move    exercise is good for you    we like to run and jump and slide    this how we exercise    no matter how you choose to move   ..  )