  barney is a dinosaurfrom our imagination    and when he's tall, he's whatwe call a dinosaur sensation    barney's friendsare big and small    they come from lotsof places    after school,they meet to play    and sing with happy faces    barney shows uslots of things    like how to play pretend    abcs and 123sand how to be a friend    barney comes to play with uswhenever we may need him    barney can beyour friend, too    if you justmakebelieve him.   captioning sponsoredbyhit entertainment whoa.  all: barney.  oh, hello, everybody.    dada, dada, dada, dada, da, da    dada, dada, dada, dada, da, da    dada, dada, dada, dada, da, da    dada, dada, dada, dada, da, da    dada, dada, dada, dada, da, da    dada, dada, dada, dada, da, da    dada, dada, dada, dada, da, da    dada, dada, dada, dada, da, da...    oh, i just love to conga.  all: barney.  hi, everybody.  it's good to see you.  are you ready for the big dance party, barney.  i certainly am.   well.  check out this step.  okay.  whoa. very good, allison.  my brother's friends are going to dance at the party, too.  let's go see if they're here yet.  kids: yeah.  that sounds like a great idea.  oh, are you coming, jamal.  nah, you guys go on.  will we see you at the dance party.  i don't think so, barney.  why not, jamal.  uh, the thing is, i can't dance like the rest of them.  oh, you don't need to, jamal.  you can dance like you dance.  i can't dance at all.  i don't know how.  well, it's easy to learn.  here, try a little step like this.  foot out, foot in, give a little spin.  i'd look silly.  well, then dance a silly dance.  move your body, oh, and have fun.  i... i can't, barney.  oh, that's all right, jamal.  you don't have to.   what's going on in there.  well, let's find out.   bj: okay guys, let's take it from the top.  ready.  oh, well, hi, bj. hi, bj.  oh, hi, barney. hi, jamal.  come on in.  our friends are doing some really cool hiphopping.  oh, all right.  ready, bj.  ready.  five, six, seven, eight.   bj: okay, guys, check this out.  barney: okay.  bj: they are really great.  barney: wow. this is good.  whoa.   hey, mr. knickerbocker, boppitybop    i likea the way that you boppitybop    i likea the way that you boppitybop on some cans   whoa.  that looks like fun.  bj: yeah.   hey, mr. knickerbocker, boppitybop    i likea the way that you boppitybop    i likea the way that you boppitybop with a broom   oh, look, they're cleaning up, too.   hey, mr. knickerbocker, boppitybop    i likea the way that you boppitybop    hey, mr. knickerbocker, boppitybop    i likea the way that you boppitybop    hey, mr. knickerbocker, boppitybop    i likea the way that you boppitybop    hey, mr. knickerbocker, boppitybop    i likea the way that you boppitybop.    whoa.  that was great.  that was terrific.  great job.  thanks. thanks a lot.  hey, would you guys like to try out some new moves.   sounds fun.  so, what do you say, jamal.  jamal.  where'd he go.  well, i better check.  okay, see you later.  okay, see you in a bit. jamal.  bj: okay, you guys, let's get those moves down.  um, jamal, are you all right.  oh, barney, i couldn't dance as good as them in a million years.  i think you'd be surprised what you can do if you try.   hi, barney. hi, jamal.  hi, riff. hi, riff.  oh, check out the dancing bells john gave me.  hi, barney.  barney: oh, hi, john.  it's good to see you again.  this is jamal.  hello. this is my wife, esther, my daughters, marie and rose, and our friend, mike.  hi. cool clothes.  thank you. these are our traditional dance clothes.  yeah, they're going to perform a native american dance.  i'm from the sioux nation and our dances tell stories.  would you like to see one, jamal.  that'd be cool.  i'll perform a very old dance called the grass dance, and it was done to flatten down the tall prairie grass so that our people would have a nice place to dance at their powwows.     oh, my.  that was amazing.  i'm glad you liked it.  well, thanks for sharing it with us.  oh, come on.  i want you to meet some of the other dancers.  okay, thank you.  all right, bye, barney. bye, jamal.  barney: see you later. bye.  baby bop: tippytoe, tippytoe, tippytoe    tippytoe, tippytoe,tippytoe, tippytoe    bourree, bourree,bourree, bourree...   and arabesque, and arabesque.  and now i'm spinning, i'm spinning, i'm spinning, oh.   well, hi, barney. hi, jamal.  hi. hi, baby bop.  do you like my pretty pink tutu.  barney: we do.  it's from my ballet class.  ballet is another kind of dance.  oh. and, barney, it is my favorite.  oh, i know.  you know i've been taking ballet for... ever.  let's watch baby bop's class and see what she's learning.  oh, let's do.  i'm going to do things like this.  watch for me. i'm the little green one.  barney: oh, baby bop.  and i'm spinning and spinning.  okay, is everybody ready to get started.  all: yes.  are we going to have a wonderful ballet class today. yes.  baby bop: oh, tippy toes, tippy toes.  and round and round and round a big circle.  we stretch very high.  put our arms out.  tippy toes, tippy toes, tippy toes.  round and round, whoo.  instructor: good deal.  baby bop: round and round and round and round, whoo.  and jump.  round and round, dizzy. oh.  and jump.  out and in.  and leap.  byebye. bye.  maybe baby bop can teach you some steps, jamal.  oh, yes, let me show you.  now first, you put your arms up like this and then you spin around and spin around and spin around and spin around, and spin around and... oh...  too much spinning.  there's no way i could dance like that, baby bop.  well, why don't you try.  i couldn't.  sometimes it can be scary to try new things.  but if you don't try, you'll never know if you can.  i know. maybe i'll try someday, but, for now, i'm just going to go home.  bye, guys.  well, bye, jamal.  bye.  well.  don't know why i didn't see it in the first place.  what are you talking about, barney.  now i know what the problem is.  it's the shoes.  what's wrong with them.  nothing, but they're not dancing shoes.  you need a pair like this.  whoa.  anybody can dance in shoes like those.  come on. give it a try.  just do a little move and have a little fun.  like this.  hey, i did it. did you see.  oh, i certainly did.  this is kind of fun.  jamal: look at me, i'm dancing    i can feel the dancin' beat    dancin' shoes upon my feet    look at me, look at me,i'm dancing   well, you sure are.  both: movin' and groovin' around and round    i can feel the music    swooping and jumping,i'm off the ground    how i love to dance.   oh, all right,there you go.  wow. you're good.  riff:break it down now.  go, jamal.  oh, yeah. way to go.  barney:looking good.  riff:it's your birthday, it's your birthday.  ho, ho, ho, ho, ho.  barney:would you look at that.  go, jamal.there you go.  come on.  riff:go, go, go. go. go.  all: look at me, i'mdancing    i can feel the dancin' beat    dancin' shoes upon my feet    look at me, look at me,i'm dancing   jamal: look at me, look at me, i'm dancing.    great, jamal.  thanks. it was easy with my...  what happened to my dancing shoes.  i think those work just as well.  hey, you're right.   well, what are we standing here for.  we ought to be dancing.  you're right. come on, guys.  everyone conga.  baby bop: yay, conga.   baby bop: are we there yet.  bj: just keep going.  i never did need those dancing shoes, did i, barney.  a terrific dancer like you.  you could dance in any old shoes.  thanks, barney.  it's good to have a friend like you.  you're very welcome.  and thank you for being my friend.  whatever we do, whatever we try, it's always easier when we have a little help from a friend.   i'm so happy you're the one    that's here today having fun    wherever we go, whatever we do    it's better with a friend like you   :  everything's better with a friend    everything's better with a friend like you    playing, pretending, whatever we do    it's better with a friend like you    everything's better with a friend    everything's better with a friend like you    playing, pretending, whatever we do    it's better with a friend like you    playing, pretending, whatever we do    it's better with a friend like you.   barney: it's time for a barney girl: time for barney's music box.    the wheels on the bus go round and round    round and round    round and round    the wheels on the bus go round and round    all through the town     all through the town     all through the town.   oh, hello.  isn't the park beautiful today.  the sun is bright, and the air is full of happy birdsongs and...   hmm. what kind of bird could that be.  hey, barney. it's not a bird.  it's me.  oh, hello, ethan.  that's a very pretty tune.  what's it called.  uh... i don't know.  just a happy song.  got to run, barney.  see ya.  see ya, ethan.  oh, hi, ethan. hi, barney.  well, hello, baby bop, oh, and teddy, too.  what are you up to today.  well, teddy wants me to sing to her, but i don't know what song to sing.  hmm. i think i know a story that might help you decide.  i can tell it if you'd like.  oh, yes, please.  teddy and i would like that very much.  okay. this story is called "the princess without a song to sing," and it all begins with, "once upon a time..." "...there was a sad little princess "who lived in the big, beautiful kingdom of a very wise king." oh, woe is me.  why are you so sad, little princess.  you have everything you could want.  oh, i have lots of things, wise king, but, i don't have a song of my own to sing.  i think there's a song for you.  you just haven't found it yet.  well, maybe i can help.  let's see here. uh...  aha. i know what to do.  what's that, wise king.  i'll send a message.   and there.  oh, royal messenger.  yes, your majesty.  please take this around the kingdom until you meet someone who can help this sad little princess find her song.  yes, your majesty.  very good. byebye.  hurry back.  bring somebody with you.  oh, will i ever find my song.  oh, i'm sure you will, princess.  look. someone's coming.  it's riff the farmer.  welcome, farmer riff.  good day, wise king, and greetings, sad little princess.  i have walked a long way to help you find your song.  oh. well, do you have your own song, farmer riff.  i certainly do.  i found it in the wonderful sounds of the kingdom.  it was in the chirpitychirping of the birds, and the breeze blowing through the trees.  just listen, and you'll hear their song.    music's always inside my head    yes, all day long till i go to bed    i hear the wind through the trees    the buzzing of the bees    the rumble of a train    the pitterpatter of the rain    can you hear it.    i hear music everywhere   wowzer.   everybody, can you hear it.    shapoppow.    it's the sound that fills the air    yes, i hear music everywhere    if you listen, you'll hear the sound    the sound of music is all around    i hear the birds sing a song in the daylight    and the frogs and the crickets play the rhythm of the night    can you hear it.   listen up.   i hear music everywhere   wowzer.   everybody, can you hear it.    shapoppow.    it's the sound that fills the air    yes, i hear music everywhere.   oh, my. oh.  those sounds make a wonderful song.  thank you, farmer riff.  you're welcome, wise king.  um, but the birds, and the breeze in the trees makeyoursong, not mine.  don't worry, sad little princess.  i know you'll find your song.   whoa. what was that.  well, hello, wise king and sad little princess.  i'm prince bj, from the faraway kingdom of rocknrollya.  welcome, prince bj.  i've come many, many miles to help you find your song.  oh. well, do you have your own song, prince bj.  well, i sure do, little lady, and my song has a rockin'rollin' beat.   in the kingdom of rocknrollya, we sing all day long, 'cause singin' is just plain fun.  everybody ready.  all: ready, prince bj.   i could be an engineer and drive a train  toot, toot   i could be a pilot and fly a big plane    they both sound great but they're just not right for me  they're not right   you see.  you see.   i'm gonna sing a little song and play my guitar    'cause when i grow up, i want to be a rock and roll star   a rock and roll star   that's right, a rock and roll star   he's gonna be a... a rock and roll star   i'm gonna sing a little song and play my guitar    'cause when i grow up, i want to be a rock and roll star    everybody's dancing to the beat   you got it.   jump up on your feet wherever you are    'cause now it's time for me to play mmmmy guitar    a rock and roll star   what am i gonna be.  he's gonna be a... a rock and roll star   i'm gonna sing a little song and play my guitar    'cause when i grow up, i want to be a rock and roll...   when he grows up, he wants to be a rock and roll...   i said when i grow up, i want to be a rock and roll star   dowa.  oh, that was great. oh, yay, bj.  thank you. thank you very much.  and thank you, ladies.  all: you got it, prince bj.  wow, your song really was fun.  but it wasn't my song.  i think i know one more way to find your song.  well, what's that, wise king.  listen.  well, i did listento the farmer's song and prince bj's song, but i didn't hear my song.  now try listening to your heart.  some songs are about feelings you have deep inside.  really.  oh, sure.  be very still and very quiet okay.  and you'll hear the song in your heart.  oh, okay.  i'll give it a try.  okay.  do you hear it.  uh... not yet.  oh, songs are everywhere.  and singing is fun.  especially when the song comes from your heart.  oh... oh, wait.  hold on. shh.  i think i hear something.  oh, i do, i do, i do hear a song.  it's about something that means a lot to me.  something that makes me feel very good inside.  what's that, princess. well, youmy friends.   friends are special, so important    they make the world go round    we like helping one another    in school or on the playground    friends are there to help each other    when one is feeling sad    being friends is very special    be a friend and you'll be glad   that's right, princess baby bop.   all:  friends are special, so important    they make the world go round    we like helping one another    in school or on the playground    friends are there to help each other    when one is feeling sad    being friends is very special    be a friend and you'll be glad   baby bop:  being friends is very special    be a friend and you'll be glad.   oh, thank you, friends.  if it wasn't for you, i never would have found my song.  hey, you're welcome.  glad we could help.  maybe we helped a little, princess,  it's going to be okay    'cause we are going to sing those blues away   all:  come on and sing a little song when you're happy    sing a little song when you're sad    oh, sing a little song about the things you've done    you can sing about your mom or your dad    everybody sing a little song    sing it loud and strong    sing what you want to say    oh, sing a song, sing your own song    everybody sing your song...    today.   yay.  barney: she sang her song for everyone in the kingdom and the sad little princess was never sad again.  the end.  oh, we liked that story, barney.  thank you.  you're welcome.  oh, what'd you say.  oh, i don't know. i'll ask.  teddy wants to know... uhhuh.  do you have a song in your heart.  i surely do.  it's a song about friends i love.  friends like you, and you.    i love you, you love me    we're a happy family    with a great big hug and a kiss from me to you    won't you say you love me, too.    both:  i love you, you love me    we're best friends like friends should be    with a great big hug and a kiss from me to you    won't you say you love me, too.   i love you, barney.  me, too.  oh, i better get teddy home for her nap.  bye, barney. okay, bye. i'll see you later.  bye now.  captioned bymedia access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org  kids: let's play with barney.  hello again to all my friends.  i'm glad you're here today.  there's lots to do when i'm with you.  let's have fun and play.  i'll race you to the merrygoround.  come on, let's crawl through the tube.  that's fun.  who can climb the chain wall.  we can make some playground music.  oh, that's beethoven.  kids: whoa.  it's fun to go round and round on the tire swing.  kids: whoa.  let's go down the slide.  i could stay on the playground all day.  thanks for playing.  i love you.  sounds make...     )   what sounds can you make.   love.  i love my daddy.  i love my mom.  i love my nana.  i love my friend, sergio.  what do you love.  something do.  i can hop like a kangaroo.  boing...boing...boing.  i can ride a carousel.  i can do the splits.  what can you do.  know.  i know my telephone number.  a caterpillar becomes a butterfly when it grows up.  i know my sister loves me.  what do you know. hmmmm...  proud supporter )