  and when he's tall    he's what we call a dinosaur sensation    barney's friends are big and small    they come from lots of places    after school, they meet to play    and sing with happy faces    barney shows us lots of things    like how to play pretend    abcs and 123s and how to be a friend    barney comes to play with us    whenever we may need him    barney can be your fend too    if you just make believe him    these are good too.  man, we're gonna need a lot of props for the school play.   yeah.  ooh, look at me.  i'm cinderella.  anybody see a glass slipper.    here's the magic wand for the magician.   looks great, tracy.   anybody see that list of food we need for the concession stand.   it was next to barney.   okay.  where'd he go.   well, he was here a minute ago.   whoahohoho.  oh, hello, everybody.  all: barney.   well, hi there.   hey, barney, didn't recognize you with the new 'do.   well, it's not really my color.    we're making props for the school play.   do you want to help.   oh, i'd be deelighted.  oh, let's see.  all:  what shall    we'll make something fun      we'll make something fun    using paint or pencils    crayons, clay, or string    putting things together    you can hear us sing      we'll make something fun    do you like my mask.   oh, yeah.   nice.   do you like my crown.   awesome.   you could be a king.   this is the magic mirror.   cool.   you like my shakers.   yeah.   shake, shake, shake.   this is the tambourine.   whoa.   everything looks so nice.  all:  what shall    we'll make something fun      we'll make something fun    using paint or pencils    crayons, clay, or string    putting things together    you can hear us sing      we'll make something fun    cool.   oh, hi, everybody.   hey, guys.   well, hi there.   hi, guys.  whoa.  what's going on in here.   we're getting ready for the school play.   ooh, can i help.   yeah, me too.   oh, well, sure.  it looks like tracy could use a hand.  she's getting food ready for the concession stand.   oh, i can help with food.  yummy.   mm, what kind of food do we have.   pickles. hoho.  like they say, "a pickle a day " , those pickles aren't for you.   oh.  yeah, but you know how much i like pickles.  oh.  barney.   huh.   can i have just one.  please.   well, i guess just one wouldn't hurt if it's okay with everybody else.   yeah.  okay.   hoho, yeah.   well, come on, everybody.  let's get back to work.  lots to do.     how's that pickle going.   looking good. looking good.  oh, yeah, pickle.   very nice.   that looks good.  that's my color.   hey, everybody working on the school play.   yeah.      here's some more pickles.   oh, well, good.  where'd you put the other ones, .  ..  .  you ate the whole jar of pickles.   did i.  oh, i didn't mean to.   dude, that's a lot of pickles.   those were snacks for the play.   oh.   it's okay.  we have more.   hoho.  more.  all right.  i mean, i'll put those away for you.   uhuhuh.  don't even think about touching this jar.   hey, i was just trying to be helpful.   come on, everybody.  there's still a lot to do.   hohoho.  oh, i think this show is going to be a royal success.   you bet.   oh, it's great fun to put on shows.  do you like to put on a show too.  all: ooh.      ohho, sure you can   all:  what about lights.     oh, big and bright   all:  we're gonna need a curtain     yes, we will   all:  and a spotlight too     that's what we'll do    it's gonna be fun, you know    let's put on a show   all:  there's gonna be music    there's gonna be dancin'    we'll sing a song or two .   that's what we're gonna do    let's get dressed up    and play pretend    we'll sing and dance    for all our friends    let's get started    i can hardly wait    doing a show is gonna be great     come on, everybody, let's go    we're putting on a show    there's gonna be music    there's gonna be dancin'   whoa.   we can hardly wait    doing a show is gonna be great    it's gonna be fun, you know    let's put on a show   come on.  all:  everybody, let's go    we're putting on a show      i know put that other jar of pickles somewhere over here.  .   b.j., what are you hiding.   oh, nothing.  .  you ate all these too.   oh, sorry.  i couldn't help myself.   looks like you helped yourself to a lot, b.j.   you really should save some for the show.   oh, i'll try.  really.   okay, b.j.   hey, barney, i finished my masks.  what do you think.   oh, my.  they're great.  well, they're like the masks used when people started putting on shows long ago in greece.   greece.   uhhuh.   grease.  it's what i put on my scooter wheels, sissy.   actually, this greece is a country.  oh, and we can go there.  all we need is a little imagination.  ..  hohoho, whoa.  all: the travel book.   right.   ha, hoho.  oh, boy.    there are so many places we can go    there's just so much to see    if we use our imaginations    we can be anywhere we want to be   all:  now, here we go again    we're travelin'    there's a great big world to see    we're gonna have fun, you know    everywhere we go    a new adventure for you and me .    meet a friend or two    that's what we'll do    and learn how they live each day    we're going to travel around this great big world    in a new and exciting way   okay.  all:  now, here we go again    we're travelin'    there's a great big world to see    we're gonna have fun, you know    everywhere we go    a new adventure for you and me    whoaho.  whoahoho.   whoa.   here we are.  beautiful greece.  oh, the weather is almost always sunny and hot here.   i love it here.  both: barney.   oh, hello, demetri.  hello, damara.  oh, i'd like you to meet tracy, connor, and myra.  you know b.j. and baby bop.   hey, guys.   hi, nice to meet you.   oh, my, looks like you've been exercising.   yeah, we're getting ready to compete in the junior olympics.   there's all kind of sports events, like running, jumping, throwing.   oh, the olympics is a great tradition that started in greece long, long ago.   would you like to join us in some warmup exercises.   oh, absolutely.  can you do some exercises too.  like this.  whoahoho.   put your arms up    put your arms up    put your arms down    put your arms down    put your arms up    and down and up and down    oh, and shake them all around    put your leg up    put your leg up    put your leg down    put your leg down    put your leg up    and down and up and down    and run and run around   all:  we like to run and jump and slide    this how we exercise    no matter how you choose to move    exercise is good for you     put your arms in    put your arms in    put your arms out    put your arms out    put your arms in    and out and in and out    and shake them all about    put your yourself in    put your yourself in    put your yourself out    put your yourself out    put your yourself in    and out and in and out    and wiggle all about   all:  we like to run and jump and slide    this how we exercise    no matter how you choose to move    exercise is good for you    we like to run and jump and slide    this how we exercise    no matter how you choose to move   ..    you    one more.   good job, everybody.   i need a break.   we're hoping to win some medals again this year.   medals are prizes given at the olympics.  damara and demetri had to work very hard to win these.   oh, they're so cool.   we'll be competing right here in this amphitheater in a few weeks.   oh, what's an ampithooter.   thooieampwhat he said.   oh, an amphitheater is an outdoor place for sporting events and plays.  oh, a long time ago, plays were performed in theaters just like this.   i have an idea.  we could put on a show right here.   oh, yeah.   let's do that.   oh, i know a superdeeduper story that comes from right here in greece.  it's the tale of king midas.   oh, i want to be the princess.    once upon a time, there was a king named midas who loved candy.  he loved it so much that he would lock himself in his castle and count it every day.  ..103.  hahaha.  i love to count the royal candy.  and since i'm a king, i think i should have more.  more. more.    just can't get enough    just can't get enough,    just can't get enough, yeah    i just can't get enough    there's nothing i like better    than a tasty treat    counting all my candy makes it really sweet    having lots of candy is better than none    i mix it all together and it's so much fun    just can't get enough,    just can't get enough, huh    just can't get enough, yeah    i just can't get enough   all:  playing with our toys can be so much fun    but we'd rather have a lot of toys than only one    just can't get enough    just can't get enough    just can't get enough    yeah, i just can't get enough    we like to ride our bicycles all day long    oh, yeah    exercise is fun, and it makes us strong     just can't get enough    just can't get enough    just can't get enough, yeah    i just can't get enough    just can't get enough    just can't get enough    just can't get enough, yeah    i just can't get enough    now, king midas had a sweet daughter named princess peppermint.   oh, here i am.  beautiful princess.  ahem.  make way for the beautiful princess.   and he had a lovely wife named lolli.   yep, that'd be me.  queen lolli.   and a son named rocky who loved to play.   anybody up for a game of baseball.  anybody.  anybody.   oh, the king's family did not love candy. they liked other things.   what a beautiful day to spend in the garden.   yeah.  weather's perfect for baseball.  who wants to play.  anybody.  anybody.   i just wish your father were here to spend the day with us.   yeah.  we don't see much of old dad.   because king midas spent all his days counting candy.   201, 202, 203, twowhoa.  how'd you get in here.   i'm a magician.  can't you tell by my wand.  who else has a wand like this.   a magician, huh.  well, go away.  can't you see i'm busy counting my candy.   can i have a sucker, please.  i really like suckers.   what.  share my candy.  no way.   my, my.  aren't you a selfish little king.   huh.  ..  i can make it rain candy.   you can.  how.   remember this wand.  i'm a magician.  follow me.    sweet.  bring on the rain.  haha.   when king midas and the magician arrived in the garden, it was just starting to rain candy.    if all the raindrops    were lemon drops and gumdrops    oh, what a rain that would be    standing outside with my mouth open wide   all:  ahahahah,     if all the raindrops    were lemon drops and gumdrops    oh, what a rain that would be   opa.    if all the snowflakes    were candy bars and milk shakes     oh, what a snow that would be   both:  standing outside with my mouth open wide   all:  ahahahah,   both:  if all the snowflakes    were candy bars and milk shakes    oh, what a snow that would be    hey. hey. hey.   if all the raindrops    were lemon drops and gumdrops     oh, what a rain that would be   both:  standing outside with my mouth open wide   all:  ahahahah,    if all the raindrops    were lemon drops and gumdrops    oh, what a rain that would be    hey.   oh, hey.  oh, candy.  oh, mine, mine, mine.  all mine.   king midas scooped up all the candy he could carry and took it to his candy room.   looks like you have plenty of sweets.   oh, yes, i do have a lot.  but i can always use more.  more. more.    looks like i need to teach this king a lesson.   huh.  what'd you say.   oh, nothing.  you know, i could give you the power to turn everything you touch into candy.  would you like that.   oh, would i like it.  would i like it.   that's what i'm asking.  would you.   you bet your wand, i would.   okay, kingy baby.   oh.  whoa.   you now have the power.  use it wisely.   sure, i'll use it wisely.  cool.  haha.  and i'll use it a lot.   well, don't say i didn't warn you.   hahaho.  sweet.  wow.   and so everything king midas touched turned to candy.  but as time went by, the king grew tired of counting his candy.  so one day, he strolled out ..   it's a beautiful day.   what a beautiful flower.  oh.  ayyiyi.  the flower turned to candy.  huh.  well, now it's even more beautiful.   oh, hey.  rocky's baseball.  oh, that kid's always leaving toys laying around.  oh.  wow, jumping jelly beans.  i forgot.  oh, everything i touch turns to candy.   good afternoon, king midas.   queen midas has requested fresh fruit for today's snack.   very well.  leave them right there.  both: yes, king midas.    say, this fruit looks pretty good.  maybe i'll try some for a change.  oh, brother, i forgot again.   soon the king's family saw what had happened.   king midas, one of my flowers is missing.   and so is my baseball.   and our snacks have turned to candy.   king, dear, did you do this.  ..  yes.  i did.   oh, father, how could you.   oh, no, now, don't be sad.   but oh, come on, family.  come to daddy.  group hug.   okay.   there, that's better, everybody.  whoa.  oh, my family.  what have i done.  ..    don't be blue    we all make mistakes, it's true    that's how we grow and learn life's lessons    don't be blue    some good advice will see you through    that's how we grow and learn life's lessons     nobody is perfect    we all have to find out what is wrong or right     and everybody is worth it    a little understanding and your future is bright     there's nothing to it    we all go through it    these are learning days    in so many ways    for me and you   all:  so don't be blue    we all make mistakes, it's true    that's how grow and learn life's lessons    don't be blue    some good advice will see you through    that's how we grow and learn life's lessons     there's nothing to it    we all go through it    these are learning days    in so many ways    for me and you   all:  so don't be blue     we all make mistakes, it's true     that's how we grow and learn life's lessons   all:  don't be blue    some good advice will see you through    that's how we grow and learn life's lessons     don't be blue    oh, barney.   well, king midas, had a few too many sweets.   oh, magician, please help me.  i didn't mean to turn my sweet family into candy.   but i thought you loved candy.   oh, not as much as i love my family.  please help me get them back.   well, it looks like you've learned your lesson.   i have.  and i'll never forget it.   well, now that the magician knew king midas had a sweet heart instead of a sweet tooth, she took away his magical power.   okay, kingy baby, hold still.   okay.  ribbit. ribbit.   whoops.  my bad.  got to get this wand fixed.  ribbit.   wow, what happened.   oh, nothing.  i took your magical power away.   oh, thank you.  now, how can i get my family back.   well, you can use this magic can of water.   okay.   and sprinkle it on everything to turn it back to normal.   oh, yes, ma'am.  oh, please work.  please work.  it's working.  it's working.   ooh, that was cold.    oh, my family.  i'm so sorry for what i've done.  i love you much more than candy.  all: we love you too.   oh, come here, you big lugs.   it's okay. don't be afraid.   king midas sprinkled the magic water, and soon everything was back as it should be.   there.  royal servants, please prepare a feast, one we can enjoy together as a family.   opa.   after that, king midas spent all his time with his family.  they were more important to him than anything.  families are so important.  who are the people in your family.   talk to me.   all:  i like my friends, we play each day    i listen to the things my teachers say    but the people i love especially    are me and my family    me and my family     me and my sister are quite a pair    we like to sleep with our teddy bear     my brother wants to sit on my daddy's knee    me and my family     me and my dad drive all over town    we talk about things while we ride around    we go to the park or the library    me and my family   all:  i like my friends, we play each day    i listen to the things my teachers say    but the people i love especially    are me and my family    me and my family    we are a family    whoahohoho.   oh, that was so good.   really good.   say, i have an idea.  rocky, let's play some baseball.   all right.   oh, from that day on, king midas understood, there were things much sweeter than candy.  the end.  ohho, boy.  that was a lot of fun.   oh, but i think it's time for us to go now.   oh.   okay.   well, i'm glad you guys could come to greece.   yeah.   we had a great time.   good luck with your olympics.   byebye.   goodbye.  see ya.    oh, yeah.  ha. more pickles.  all: b.j..   what.  i'm not gonna eat them.  i've learned my lesson from king midas.   oh, well, that's good, but just in case, maybe i should take that jar.   oh, okay.  , let's get ready for the show.  i want to sit on the very front row.   yeah, and i want to get a pickle.   uh, but just one.   yeah, okay.  but a really big one.   bye, guys.   byebye.   see you soon.   thanks for all your help.   bye.   bye.   barney, thanks for all your help.   yeah, we had a great time in greece.   thanks for taking us.   oh, it's always fun to spend time in exciting new places, especially when you can be there with the people you love.   i love you    you love me    we're a happy family    with a great big hug    and a kiss from me to you    won't you say   i do love you.  all:  i love you    you love me    we're best friends like friends should be    with a great big hug    and a kiss from me to you    won't you say    aw.    bye, barney.   bye, thank you.   see you later.  thanks.  oh, i had fun today.   this play's gonna be awesome.   let's hurry up so we can bring the food to the school.   today the travel book took us to greece, where the olympic games began long ago.  there are many different sports in the olympics.  these bicycle riders are having a race.  horses get in on the games too.  here's a high jumper, ohho, jumping very high.  rowing is another sport.  row, row, row your boat.  oh, i hope you had fun.   bye for now.  for more games, music, stories, and fun, visit me, barney, at:  here's something i love.   dancing.  baseball.  pizza.  my mom.  fishing.  hugs.  music. )