  barney's friendsare big and small    they come from lotsof places    after school,they meet to play    and sing with happy faces    barney shows uslots of things    like how to play pretend    abcs and 123sand how to be a friend    barney comes to play with uswhenever we may need him    barney can beyour friend, too    if you justmakebelieve him.   captioning sponsoredbyhit entertainment whoa.  all: barney.  oh, hello, everybody.  hello. good to see you.  and here's another one.  hi, bj. hi, baby bop.  both: hi, barney.  what are you two doing.  looking for sticks.  they're for cousin riff.  they are.  yeah, yeah, somebody lost 'em.  oh, and i can't find 'em anywhere.  well, look, riff, we found them.  more sticks than you could shake a stick at.  thanks, guys, but i'm not looking for those kind of sticks.  i'm looking for my drumsticks.  all: oh...  i need them to play my drums.  hmm. well, i remember you had them earlier.  have you looked all around the neighborhood.  well, not yet, barney.  sounds like a good place to start.  here, sissy.  here, riff.  oh. uh, wait for me, guys.  oh, my.  one of our friends is looking around the neighborhood right now.  let's look with her and see what we see.   i'm looking round my neighborhood    and what do i see.    some houses and cars and kids like me    i see bldings made of brick, others made of wood    i see people helping people in my neighborhood    there's the school and a tree    i can see the post office and the library    oh, boy, i'm in luck    i can even see a shiny red fire truck    i'm looking round my neighborhood    and what do i see.    some houses and cars and kids like me    i see people and their pets, and it makes me feel good    to know that i'm part of my neighborhood    there's the school and a tree    i can see the post office and the library    oh, boy    i'm in luck    i can even see a shiny red fire truck.    riff: well, i dot see 'em over here.  and they're not over there.  aw, i still can't find those drumsticks.  well, do you remember the last place you had them.  let me thinkitythink.   wowz. i remember.  i had them when i was walking around the neighborhood with you, barney.  maybe you left them at one of the places we visited.  yeah, but... oh, we went to a lot of places.  i can't even remember them all.  maybe i can help.  whoa.  wow.  rockin'. what's that.  this is a map of our neighborhood.  now, let's see.  the first place we went had books you can borrow and bring home.  that's right.  it's one of my favorite places.  it'she library.  oops, i mean, library.  you need to be quiet there.  that's right.  and we can go there right now.  barney: oh, boy.  awesome.  wow, check it out.  here's the library.  that's right.  this is a good one, too.   you can have an adventure in a faraway land    you can learn about a tuba in a marching band    you can travel the stars or the deep blue sea    when you learn to borrow books from the library    but please don't be loud, shh    so at everyone here can read    you will be proud    when you take a book home from the library    you can have an adventure in a faraway land    you can learn about a tuba in a marching band    you can travel to the stars or the deep blue sea    when you learn to borrow books from the library    but please don't be loud, shh    so that everyone here can read    you will be proud    when you take a book home from the library    you can have an adventure in a faraway land    you can learn about a tuba in a marching band    you can travel to the stars or the deep blue sea    when you learn to borrow books from the library    when you learn to borrow books from the library.   so did you have your drumsticks at the real library.  oh, yes, yes.  it's all coming back to me now.  i was making a rickitytickity rhythm on the bookcase and...  the librarian asked me to go outside because i wasn't being quiet.  been there, done that.  so you still had your drumsticks when you left the library.  that's right.  where did you go next.  well...  oh, i think we went to some store that has lots of flowers.  oh, right.  that was the florist shop.  oh...  we got some nice flowers for our friend mr.  winchell.  whoa.  maybe you put down your drumsticks when you were smelling these roses.  bj: sissy, those aren't roses, they're chrysan...  chrysmanthe...  i know, bj, but i can't say chrysanthemum, so i call them roses.  both: what..  so, riff, did you leave your drumsticks here.  no. when we left, barney was carrying the flowers, and i was still carrying my drumsticks.  where else did you go.  well, i think barney said we had one more place to go shoppity shopping.  right. and that was the neighborhood grocery store.  here we are.  something smells great.  at the grocery store, there are healthy fruits and vegetables.  i remember those.  the store even had a baker.  and that's where we bought some tasty breads.  yum.   i have a bread and it's called pumpernickel    yum, yum, pumpernickel, pumpernickel bread, hey    barney has a bread, and it's called pumpernickel    yum, yum, pumpernickel, pumpernickel bread, hey    i have a sandwich made with wheat bread    it's delicious, would you like a bite.     wheat bread, wheat bread, yum, yum, wheat bread    yum, yum, pumpernickel, pumpernickel bread, hey   okay, guys, no loafing.   this is a round bread called a bagel    it's delicious, would you like a bite.     bagel, bagel, yum, yum, bagel    yum, yum, wheat bread    yum, yum, pumpernickel, pumpernickel bread, hey   lox, cream cheese, whatever you please.   this has a pocket, it's called pita bread    it's delicious, would you like a bite.  .   pita pocket, pita pocket, yum, yum, pita pocket    yum, yum, bagel, yum, yum, wheat bread    yum, yum, pumpernickel, pumpernickel bread, hey   let's roll with it.   this is made of corn, it's called a tortilla    it's delicious, would you like a bite.     tortilla, tortilla, yum, yum, tortilla    yum, yum, pita pocket    yum, yum, bagel, yum, yum, wheat bread    yum, yum, pumpernickel, pumpernickel bread, hey    tortilla   pita    bagel   wheat bread    yum, yum, pumpernickel    where's my pumpernickel.    yum, yum, pumpernickel, pumpernickel bread, hey.   was it good.  oh, yum.  oh, hey, these breadsticks look really good.  ooh, they do.  okay, now, riff. huh.  what did you do after you bought the bread.  well, i remember putting it in a bag of groceries...  uhhuh.  ...and then i, um, well...  and look, it takes two hands to carry a bag of groceries.  riff: oh.  so, you couldn't hold your drumsticks.  oh, you're right.  do you think you left them at the grocery store, riff.  maybe, but where.  ow.  oh, ai, yi, yi.  this thing's hard as wood.  well, that's because that's one of riff's drumsticks.  oh. it is.  mm. it is.  oh. oh, and here's the other one.  oh, man, thanks.  oh, i remember now.  i put them down so i could carry the bag of groceries.  oh. thanks, guys.  oh, you're welcome. sure, riff.   oh, i found my sticks and i feel so good    i'm gonna singetysing 'round our neighborhood.    barney: oh, let's go. oh, yeah.   let's walk around the block    to see who we meet up and down our street    let's walk    around the block    let's take a walk with happy feet    it'll be such fun for everyone    so let's walk    around the block   barney:  there are people we see everyday    our neighbors at work and play   all:  it's oh so good in our neighborhood   barney:  on my block is where i want to stay    let's walk   let's walk   around the block    to see who we meet up and down our street    let's walk  let's walk   around the block    let's take a walk with happy feet    it'll be such fun for everyone    so let's walk  let's walk   around the block   baby bop:  there are houses we pass all the time   bj:  many trees that i would love to climb   riff:  the shops and stores    that i've been to before   all:  i'm so glad this neighborhood is mine    let's walk   let's walk   around the block to see who we meet    up and down our street    let's walk   let's walk   around the block    let's take a walk with happy feet    it'll be such fun for everyone    so let's walk    let's walk around the block.   barney: oh.  oh, thanks again, everybody, for helping me find my drumsticks.  you're welcome. sure.  we had fun looking around our neighborhood.  the homes, schools, the library and stores.  it's a great place to live, and a great place to spend time with friends like you.   i'm so happy you're the one    that's here today having fun    wherever we go, whatever we do    it's better with a friend like you   all:  everything's better with a friend    everything's better with a friend like you    playing, pretending, whatever we do    it's better with a friend like you    everything's better with a friend    everything's better with a friend like you    playing, pretending, whatever we do    it's better with a friend like you    playing, pretending, whatever we do    it's better with a friend like you.   barney: now here's a barney to time f barney's music box.  @@@ @@@@@@@@@@0 @@@@@@@@@@@ay <@0 @@@@@@  @@@@  if you're happy and you know it, clap your hands    if you're happy and you know it, clap your hands p  @@@@@@@@@@  if you're happy and you know it    and you really want to show it   @@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@  if you're happy and you know it, clap your hands.   @@@@@@@@@@ one, two, three, four, five.  ready or not, here i come.  found you, samantha.  got you, joey.  aw.   and i see you...   ...barney.  all: barney.  whoahoho, you found me.  oh, you're good hiders and seekers.  thanks, barney.  let's go swing.  yeah, okay.  barney: okay. sounds like fun.  kids: hi, mr. mel.  hi, kids.  oh, good morning, mel.  hiya, barney. baby bop: wee.   ooh.  oh, hi, barney.  hi, mr. mel. both: hi, baby bop.  i used to have a tricycle like that when i was your age.  used to ride it all day, every day.  wish i could do that again.  oh, mr. mel, you're too big to ride a tricycle.  you're right about that, baby bop.  i guess i'm not three years old anymore, am i.  no. well, i've got to be going.  i've got more mail to deliver.  so long, baby bop, barney.  all: bye. bye now.  know what, barney.  what's that, baby bop.  i like being three.  three is a very good age.  know what, barney. hmm.  i think three is the best thing to be.  oh, i know.  you know what, barney. what's that.  i just decided, i'm going to be three forever and ever.  barney: oh, boy. you can't do that, baby bop.  well, why not, joey.  if i stay three, i can ride my tricycle all day.  but you have to grow up.  you have to turn four and then five and on and on.  well, not me.  i'm going to be three always.  barney: oh, my.  watch me. ooh.   look at me, me, me    i'm three, three, three    i'm as happy as can be, be, be    can you tell.    can you see.    i'm a very, very, very happy me.    i can build with blocks, put on my socks    throw a ball way up so high    i can share my toys with girls and boys    'cause a great big girl am i    look at me, me, me    i'm three, three, three    i'm as happy as can be, be, be    can you tell.    can you see.    i'm a very, very, very happy me.    i am learning colors, yes i am    like red and green and purple    and i love to draw on paper    i can even draw a circle.   :  look at me, me, me, i'm three, three, three    i'm as happy as can be, be, be    can you tell.    can you see.    i'm a very, very, very happy me.    i'm a very, very, very happy me.    now remember, barney, next birthday, i will be three.  well, i'll remember, baby bop.  and the birthday after that and the next and the next.  hmm. well, i guess we'll only need three candles for your cakes from now on.  that's right.  oh, and you'll never outgrow your shoes.  right.  and you'll never have to get a job.  that's right.  i'll never have to get a j...  what's a job, barney.  oh, a job is something grownups do.  oh, but you won't have to worry about that if you're always going to be three.  oh.  well, what do you do when you get a job.  well, that depends on the job.  and there are lots and lots of different kinds of jobs.  well, like what.  oh, like being a police officer, or a doctor, or a teacher.  whoa.  whoaohoa.  look at that.   oh, a teacher is a person who gives help    each and every day    if you like to help people, then being a teacher is    aokay   oh.   'cause people helping other people    is what this world's about    and people like our teachers, we couldn't do without   right.   oh, a doctor is a person who gives help    each and every day    if you like to help people, then being a doctor is    aokay     'cause people helping other people    is what this world's about    and people like our doctors    we couldn't do without.    that tickles dr. barney.  i'm going to tickle you. oh, you got me.   the police are people who give help    each and every day    if you like to help people then joining the police is    aokay    'cause people helping other people    is what this world's about    and police are surely people    we couldn't do without    there are lots of other people who give help    each and every day    if you like to help people then helping other people is    aokay   oh, it is.   'cause people helping other people    is what this world's about    and the people who are helping other people    we couldn't do without.    pretty.  well, barney, those jobs sound kind of fun, but not as fun as riding my tricycle.  oh, i understand, baby bop.  of course there are plenty of other fun jobs like flying a plane.  or cooking in a restaurant. yummy.  or teaching ballet. oh...  whoa. whoa.  i could teach ballet.  that's right.  ooh, i might like that.  well, you could if you grew up and got a job.  i could.  oh, you could even use a hammer to build something.  me. really.  you really could.  but i don't know how.  maybe not right now, but you're learning how to do new things everyday, baby bop.  you mean... like how to use a hammer.  that's right.  you learn little things now, and you'll make big things happen when you grow up.  oh.  someday, you might take that hammer and build a house.  do you think so, barney.  i certainly do.   when i grow up, i'd like to build a house    but i wonder if i'll know how    i guess i'll just keep learning things    a little at a time    and i think i'll start right now   barney: whoa.   because we learn big things    a little at a time    to go right up a mountain, first we learn to climb    i can be anything when i grow up    by learning a little at a time    when i grow up, i'd like to sail a ship    but i wonder if i'll know how    i guess i'll just keep learning things    a little at a time    and i think i'll start right now   ooh, land.   because we learn big things a little at a time    to go right up a mountain, first we learn to climb    i can be anything when i grow up    by learning a little at a time    because we learn big things a little at a time    to go right up a mountain, first we learn to climb    i can be anything when i grow up    by learning a little at a time   y learning a little at a time.   i guess icouldbuild a house.  someday.  you surely could.  or sail a ship.  or write a book.  : you could do that, too.  and there are even more things you could do.  oh, there must be a job for every letter of the alphabet like "a" for an artist who draws pictures...  to "z" for the zookeeper who takes care of animals at the zoo.  well, how do i choose what job i want to do.  well, maybe you could try some on.  well, how, barney.  well...   baby bop: whoa.  with a little imagination, you might find the job of your dreams.  oh, i think i'm going to like this.  go ahead, baby bop. try it on.  oh, pretty skirt.   i'm trying on some dreams today    looking for one that fits just the right way    a dream that makes me feel even more like me    like everything i hope to be    am i smart enough to be a teacher.    elegant enough for a queen.    i might be a judge or an astronaut    i might star on broadway and sing    whatever else you do, one thing's for sure    you'll always be my good friend    you're the one i can share my dreams with    whether they're real or just pretend   heeltouch. heeltouch. heeltouch.   i'm trying on some dreams today    looking for one that fits just the right way    a dream that makes me feel even more like me    like everything i hope to be.   like everything i kn you can be.  taadaa.   i never knew there were sooooo many different jobs.  just take a look around.  there's a whole world of things you can be.  well, you're right.  i could be a police officer, like you.  or... ooh, i could sell ice cream, like you.  or i could deliver mail, like you. that's right.  you sure could.  you know what, barney.  what's that, baby bop.  maybe i won't be three for ever and ever.  maybe i'll be four and five and six.  and maybe one day i'll grow up and have a job.   maybe.  but for now, i'll just be three.  at least until my next birthday. okay.  i think that's a fine idea, baby bop.  well, time to ride my tricycle. okay.  bye, barney. byebye. see you soon.  someday, you'll choose a job, too.  and i hope it makes you happy.  as happy as i am when i'm with people i love.   i love you, you love me    we're a happy family    with a great big hug    and a kiss from me to you    won't you say you love me, too.    i love you, you love me    we're best friends like friends should be    with a great big hug and a kiss from me to you    won't you say you love me, too.   captioned bymedia access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org  kids: let's play with barney.  hello again to all my friends.  i'm glad you're here today.  there's lots to do when i'm with you.  let's have fun and play.  look at the colorful kites.  it's fun to make them fly high in the sky.  kites sail through the air and flutter in the breeze like they're dancing to some special music.  try to make your kite dance in the sky.  whoa...  thanks for playing.  i love you.  something do.   snap.  ap.  wink.   what can you do.  know.  i know my telephone number.  a caterpillar becomes a butterfly when it grows up.  i know my sister loves me.  what do you know. hmmmm...  sounds make...     )   what sounds can you make.   love.  i love my mommy and daddy.  i love my granny.  i love my friend, aniya.  i love my family.  what do you love. )