  and when he's tall, he's what we call a dinosaur sensation    barney's friends are big and small    they come from lots of places    after school, they meet to play    and sing with happy faces    barney shows us lots of things    like how to play pretend    abcs and 123s and how to be a friend    barney comes to play with us whenever we may need him    barney can be your friend, too    if you just makebelieve him.   captioning sponsoredby hit entertainment okay, now i have a hat to keep the sun out of my eyes and then water in case i get thirsty.  what else do i need, barney.  whoa. well, what about me.  barney.  aw.  of course, i'm taking you.  oh, then it looks like you're all set for our big trip.  yeah. i can't wait to go, too.   the zoozyzoo, the zoozyzoo, i'm already to go the zoo.   hi, there, baby bop.  hi, barney, hi, rachel.  hi.  oh, my, that's quite a wagonful you have.  i have lots of snacks and juice and my yellow blanky, of course.  of course.  and i even borrowed bj's binoculars.  i want to get a good look at all the cute animals.  well, that's a great idea.  you never know what animals we'll see at the zoo.  oh, boy.   what'll we see at the zoo.    what'll we see at the zoozyzoo.    what will it be when we're walking through.    come with me to the zoozyzoo    come with me to the zoo   hi, there.   there will be lions and tiger cats    and buildings full of birds and bats    and maybe a baby kangaroo    that's what you see at the zoo   what'll we see at the zoo.   what'll we see at zoozyzoo.    what will it be when we're walking through.    come with me to the zoozyzoo    come with me to the zoo    the ducks are swimming to and fro    with the penguins round and round they go    the monkeys and chimps play peekaboo    that's what you see at the zoo    what'll we see at the zoo.    what'll we see at the zoozyzoo.    what will it be when we're walking through.    come with me to the zoozyzoo    come with me to the zoo.   whoa.  all: hi, riff.  hi, everybody.  is it zoo time yet.  oh, boy.  no, tracy and her mother aren't here yet.  well, i see some zoo animals already.  yeah, there's an elephant and a monkey.  and a polar bear and a penguin, too.  oh, i can't wait to see the real zoo.  do you think we'll see all these animals.  well, we just might, baby bop.  goody.  hi, everybody.  all: hey, tracy.  is it time to go.  is it. is it.  i'm sorry, baby bop, my mom can't take us today.  but she promised she'd take us next week.  oh, well, that will be okay.  yeah, we can wait till then.  but i'm ready to go now.  i have snacks and everything.  next week will be here before you know it, baby bop.  yeah.  and all the animals will still be there waiting for us.  i know. i just wish we could go today.  i want to see the penguins waddle around and i want to hear the lion roar and i want to hear the elephant make elephant noises.   hear them, huh.  well, i have an idea.  oh, oh, you know, barney, if boppity bop can't go to the zoo, what if i bring the zoo to her.  that sounds like a teerific idea.  thanks.  you keep her busy, barney.  okay.  hey, everybody, follow me.  huh. what's that, mr. penguin.  barney, that penguin didn't say anything.  i don't know.  i think he's excited that you're going to visit him at the zoo.   did you just talk, mr. penguin.   i think it's coming from outside.  outside. outside, outside.  let's go see.   what's going on.  i thought i heard a penguin.  since we couldn't go to the zoo, i decided to make a musical zoo right here in the park, see.  i found a bunch of musical instruments that sound like real animals.    that kazoo sounds just like a penguin.  but i thought the penguins were really here, and maybe a polar bear, too.  the park is too warm for most penguins and polar bears, baby boppity bop.  because where they live, it's very, very cccold.  whoa.    when my teeth start to chatter    and my fingers freeze    that's how i know it's cold    when i shiver and shake from a little bitty breeze    that's how i know it's cold    when i see my breath like smoke in the air    it's really kind of fun, so i don't care    it's cold.    it's cccold.    it's cccold, burr, i wish i had fur    i wish i was a bear with furryfurry hair    it's cold.    it's cccold    when the ground is covered with fluffy white snow    that's how i know it's cold    when the trees are full of icicles    that's how i know it's cold    i'll wear my hat and scarf and gloves    i'm just a kid    who really loves when it's cold    it's cccold    cccold, burr, i wish i had fur    i wish i was a bear with furryfurry hair    it's cccold, burr, i wish i had fur    i wish i was a bear with furryfurry hair    it's cccold, burr, i wish i had fur    i wish i was a bear with furryfurry hair    it's cccold, burr, i wish i had fur    i wish i was a bear with furryfurry hair    to find the perfect place to play    i hope it's going to snow today    'cause it's cold    it's cccold.   check this out.  it's a cool instrument from africa.  sounds just like a frog.  okay.  ready.   wow.  it does.  oh, now what animal sound does that make.  well, that trombone sounds like a really big animal.    i know that one.  it sounds just like an elephant.  barney: that's right.   elephant, elephant, elephant, elephant    she's big and friendly    elephant    wrinkled and gray    elephant    and with her great big feet    better get out of the way of the elephant    elephant    every sound in the jungle the elephant hears    with her floppy kingsized elephant ears    got a trunk for a nose as long as a hose     the elephant    elephant    the elephant    elephant    the ground, it shakes    elephant    every time she walks    elephant    and she sounds like a trumpet whenever she talks    the elephant    elephant    the elephant   elephant   the elephant   elephant.   what other animal sounds do you have there, riff.  well, let's see, um...  here's a drum from africa.  man, i like drums.  but drums don't sound like animals.  oh, this one does.  just listen.   hey, that sounds like a lion's roar.  yeah, it does.  yeah.  cool.  what kind of animal does that drum sound like.  oh, this is a drum from brazil called a cuica.  see if you can guess what animal this is.   that sounds like a silly little monkey.   here, everybody try one.  okay.  okay.  and one and two and here we go.   wow, that was great.  well, we have a zooperdeeduper musical zoo.   but i just wish i could see the animals, too.  well, you can...  if you use your imagination.   every animal talks in its own special way    now let's listen to what some animals have to say     a polar bear wants to say     "how are you today."     a monkey wants to say     "yes, how are you today."    every animal talks in its own special way    now let's listen to what some animals have to say     an elephant wants to say     "how are you today."    the world is full of animals    from big to very small    each one is so different    wish we could meet them all    every animal talks in its own special way    they are so much fun    'cause they have a lot to say.   that was great.  cool.  oh, thank you for making a musical zoo for me, cousin riff.  yeah, thanks, riff.  thanks, riff.  aw, you're welcome.  i think your zoo will hold us till we get to go to the real one.  ooh, hey, let's take these back to show bj.  oh, great idea.  byebye.  all righty.  bye, baby bop.  bye, riff.  later, skater.  bye.  bye.  bye.  now i really can't wait to go to the zoo next week.  me, too.  so much fun.  oh, and i can't wait to have another fun day with special friends like you.   i'm so happy you're the one    that's here today having fun    wherever we go, whatever we do    it's better with a friend like you    everything's better with a friend    everything's better with a friend like you    playing, pretending, whatever we do    it's better with a friend like you    everything's better with a friend    everything's better with a friend like you    playing, pretending, whatever we do    it's better with a friend like you    playing, pretending, whatever we do    it's better with a friend like you.   byebye.  time for barney's music box.   the itsy bitsy spider went up the water spout    down came the rain and washed the spider out    out came the sun and dried up all the rain    and the itsy bitsy spider went up the spout again    and again and again    and again.   whee.  i hope you get to meet barney.  you'll really like him.  i wonder where he is anyway.  is someone looking for me.  barney.  oh, hi there, ryan.  oh, and, uh, who's this.  this is my pet frog edgar.  hi, edgar.  he looks like a very happy frog, too.  you must take good care of him.  oh, can i see. please.  hi, baby bop.  oh, hi.  sure, baby bop.  i was just fixing up his new home.  good idea, ryan.  it's important to take care of our pets.   yes, let's take of our pets    our hamsters and bunnies and turtles    our fishes and frogs and our cats and our dogs    let's take care of our pets    give them food and water    run with them down the trail    brush out their fur, you might get a purr    or even a wagging tail    yes, let's take care of our pets    our hamsters and bunnies and turtles    our fishes and frogs and our cats and our dogs    let's take care of our pets    our fishes and frogs and our cats and our dogs    let's take care of our pets.   ryan, come on, it's time for soccer practice.  i'll be right there, victor.  i just have to find somebody to watch edgar.  oh, oh.  can i, please.  can i please watch him.  i promise i'll do a good job.  and i'll be here if she needs help.  well...  okay then.  thanks. bye.  byebye.  okay, little frog...  ew.  barney, this frog is sort of slimy.  baby bop, do you want to play hopscotch.  oh, yes, i'll be right there.  baby bop, you did promise you'd watch edgar.  oh.  well, i guess you're right.  : i can't play now, myra.  sorry.  okay, maybe later.  do i really have to watch him, barney.  now when you promise you'll do something, you really should do it.  oh... yeah...  but i can tell you a story while you watch edgar.  it's all about a frog and a promise.  goody.  and it started once upon a time in a magical kingdom where a beeyutiful princess lived.  got it.  me, me, me, me.  uh, almost.  oh, dear, my royal ball.  now, where is it.  oh, here it is.  but, oh, i can't reach it.  ryan: maybe i could...  ribbit... help.  who said that..  who's there..  it was... ribbit... me.  i can get the ball for you, if you promise me something in return.  ribbit, ribbit.  anything.  i've watched you having fun with your friends... ribbit.  i want to be your friend, too.  : oh, a frog for a friend.  but you're icky and squishy...  and gooey and...  oh, and ooey.   icky, squishy, gooey, ooey    icky, squishy, gooey, eeew    icky, squishy, gooey, ooey    who wants to play with you.    first up on my icky list    mud squeezing through my fist    it's the best, don't you know    try both hands and let it go    eeew    yuck    icky, squishy, gooey, ooey    icky, squishy, gooey, eeew    icky, squishy, gooey, ooey    what else does a yucky frog do.    slimy, mossy me, oh, my   just the right stuff for a muddy pie    but goofy, oopy puddles still are number one    for having some icky, squishy, gooey fun     icky, squishy, gooey, ooey    icky, squishy, gooey, eeew    icky, squishy, gooey, ooey    that's what a yucky frog can do    icky, squishy, gooey, ooey    icky, squishy, gooey, eeew    icky, squishy, gooey, ooey    who wants to play with you.   oh... oh, wait.  oh, okay, i'll be your friend.  ribbit, ribbit. promise.  promise.  don't go anywhere.  ribbit. i'll be right back.  okay.  did you find it, princess.  oh, yes.  the frog's getting it.  ribbit, ribbit.  here you go, princess.  hi, froggy.  hi.  okay, everybody, let's play.  but... ribbit, you said you'd play with me.  a princessplay with a frog.  oh, i don't think so.  come on, everybody.  but she said she'd be my friend, and friends play together.   lunch is served.  don't worry, mr. frog.  i have an idea.  i'm glad you got your royal ball back, princess.  ribbit, ribbit.  ah, mr. frog, will you join us for lunch, please.  thank you, your majesty.  ribbit, ribbit.  oh. i can't eat lunch with a frog.  ew.  excuse me, i'll be right back.  i want to play with my real friends, king barney.  not a frog.   sometimes in life, there are things you must do    even though they're not your favorite things   yeah.   just smile, and who knows.    if you see things through    you could have some fun with them, too    i'd rather play with my friends    and have a good time    than do the things i promised to do    i'd rather play hide and seek    dance a step or two    these are the things that i want to do    sometimes in life, there are things you must do    even though they're not your favorite things    just smile, and who knows.    if you see things through    you could have some fun with them, too    i'd rather shop for new shoes    or sing the blues    than do the things i promised to do    i could play pretend    build a castle or two    these are the things that i want to do   but you knowdoing the things we're supposed to do makes you feel really good, doesn't it.   sometimes in life, there are things you must do    even though they're not your favorite things    just smile, and who knows.    if you see things through    you could have some fun with them, too   that's right.   you could have some fun with them, too.   you made a promise, princess.  why don't you play with all your friends, including the frog.  do you want to play now, princess, do you.  i'm good at hopscotch and leapfrog, too.  ribbit, ribbit.  uh, you like to hop....  i like to hop, too.  maybe we can hop together.  ribbit, ribbit.  well... okay.  come on, everyone.  come join us for a royal hop.  hop this way.  ribbit.   hop, hop, hop, hop...   let's hop, barney.  okay, here we go.   i know someone who is lots of fun    with a happy kind of dancin'   yeah.   all of her friends say, baby bop, do the baby bop hop    hop, hop, hop    hop, hop, hop, hop   come on, everybody, let's hop.   i know someone who is lots of fun    with a happy kind of dancin'    all of her friends say, baby bop, do the baby bop hop    hop, hop, hop    hop, hop, hop, hop   come on, froggie, let's hop.   so sing this song, you can hop along    whenever you feel like jumpin'    'cause when you hop you feel tiptop    doin' the baby bop hop    let's do the baby bop hop    hop, hop, hop, hop    doin' the baby bop hop   hop.  oh, you know, you are a very fun frog.  i'd love to have a friend like you.  all: wow.  whwhat happened..  you kept your promise and it broke the spell.  a mean witch turned the prince into a frog and he couldn't turn back into a prince until a princess became his friend.  the witch thought no one would ever be friends with someone like me.  well, she was wrong.  come on, my new friend.  come on everybody, let's go play.  okay, well, have fun.  bye, now.  and so the princess kept her promise, and the princess and the frogprince were friends for ever after.  the end.  oh, yay, good story, barney.  thanks.  did you like it, too, edgar.  ribbit, ribbit.  are you done yet, baby bop.  oh, not yet, myra.  i'm still watching ryan's frog.  we're back.  thanks for taking care of edgar, baby bop.  i watched him, just like i promised.  and, uh, barney helped.  it's always best to keep your promise.  it's the right thing to doand it's one more way to say...  i love you.    i love you, you love me    we're a happy family    with a great big hug and a kiss from me to you    won't you say you love me, too.    i love you, you love me    we're best friends like friends should be    with a great big hug and a kiss from me to you    won't you say you love me, too.   baby bop: come on, big hug.  oh, do you think i can watch edgar again sometime.  sure, baby bop. any time.  oh, goodie.  i'm gonna go tell bj.  bye.  bye, edgar.  barney: see you later.  bye, baby bop.  well, i better get edgar home now.  hey, can you guys help me with this. )