oh, no. please tell me there's not a giant monster in there. please tell me it's empty. or full of space candy. one of those two. either one is fine. i don't think it's a piata, hunk. if it's the same kind of the monster that attacked us on arus, we already know how to beat it. hold your ground. it's not candy. and it's not the same monster. we need to draw its fire away from the balmera's surface. we can't hold out. my lion is weakening. if the shield sustains structural damage, we're done for. pidge is right. oh, pidge is right. i'm the one that said, "we can't hold out." lance, watch your footing. okay, team voltron, disband. everyone, evasive maneuvers. it can't shoot us all at once. okay, it can do that too. where does zarkon get these beasts from. and how do they keep finding us. princess, the particle barrier won't sustain much longer. it's still not at full strength after the blast from the galra ship. keith, try to draw its fire. i'm coming in from above. roger. we need to find its blind spot. i don't think this thing has a blind spot. it has a thousand eyes. laser eyes. laser eyes. what do we do. fighting this thing is like fighting an entire fleet at once. i think we've got to aim for those laser eyes and take them out. we'll cover you from up here. we've lost the spectral generator. going to reserve. there's a fire in vin bay three. suppressors on. suppressors out. princess, the ship is being torn apart. we're taking heavy fire up here. we're in trouble. princess, pull back. get out of its range, now. we will not abandon you. you're not abandoning us. we're about to pull back anyway. we are. we can't hold out. we have to. lions, to the mine shafts. it's the only place the monster can't get us. roger that. heading into orbit. what is happening. there's a monster up there that zarkon sent to destroy us. a monster. will zarkon's savagery never abate. perhaps our people were never meant to be free. shay, don't give up. zarkon's power grows with every planet he conquers, but he's weakened by every being that fights back. fight back against a monster like that. how. i don't know, but we can beat it. tell her, keith. can we. yes, we can. this is our first mission and we're not going to fail. we can beat it. we just need some time to come up with a plan. see. told you we can. thanks, shiro. did you guys feel that over there. yeah, we feel it. it's that sound again. what is that. that great noise comes from the balmera itself. our home crumbles beneath our feet. the balmera is dying. coran, allura, are you there. shiro, we're here. the balmera we already know. our scanners are showing the life energy draining from the balmera. how does that happen. removing crystals from a balmera is like removing a vital part of the mighty beast. the balmera needs time to regenerate itself to stay healthy, but the galra's greed may have cost this noble balmera its life. so, what's going to happen. its core will collapse, destabilizing the entire skeletal structure. anything or anyone remaining on the balmera at that point will be crushed into dust. how long before its core collapses. probably a matter of hours. the mighty organism willingly gives itself to all, but not all return its kindness. then our time is short. we'll evacuate the planet. we need to get all the balmerans to the castle of lions before the planet implodes. okay, that sounds like a good plan, but how on earth do you plan on landing the castle with that monsterthingy on the surface. you'll need a distraction. we'll engage the beast in our lions. with it distracted, allura and coran will land the castle and load all of its citizens. or we could load balmerans into our lions a few at a time and shuttle them to the ship. no engaging ferocious lasereye guy. how long would that take. days. weeks. we only have hours. look, we don't need to beat this thing. we just need to bait it away from the ship. provoke and evade. okay, here's the thing. i'm worried that we're going to be really, really good at the provoking part, and then really bad at the evading part. but if this is what it takes to save shay and everyone on the planet, then i'm in. can you contact the other balmerans. i can, but i know not what they'll say. leave the planet. our home. it's the only option. i'm coming down. princess, no. it's too dangerous. someone has to be there to lead these people out. you're coming down. that thing will spot your pod and blow it to pieces. let me worry about that. you just focus on keeping the creature distracted. okay, we've provoked. time to evade. princess, we've lured the monster away. it's time. i'll contact you all when i'm on the ground. be careful out there. is that allura. we've got to protect the princess. i'm on the ground. hurry. i don't know how long we can hold this thing off. shay, i'm going to need your help. princess. have you contacted the other balmerans. what is it. what's going on. all balmerans give thanks for the kindness you and the paladins bestowed upon us, but, alas, we cannot take leave of our home. what. if our great balmera's life cycle is over because of us, then our desire is to stay with it until the end. but you'll never survive. we contacted the others, and all agree. it's not right that you risk your lives for us. please, away. we ask for no more guilt and shame upon us. it is our wish. the wish of all balmerans. no. i won't give up on you. i won't give up on any of you, no matter the circumstances. but we do not ask this of you. please. i have heard your words. now, let me speak mine. i want to talk to the balmerans. can you get a message to them from me. there is no need to speak for you. you have a unique power within. the balmera will carry your words. speak your heart, child. all can hear you. balmerans, this is princess allura. you don't know me, but i am here to help. i know what it's like to watch your home planet die. for i come from planet altea, a planet that has long been destroyed by the galra. but i refused to give up. and now, you all have the same choice. you can decide now to devote your lives to making sure this never happens to another planet. i am eternally sorry for what has happened to the balmera, but i beg you, do not let its dying be in vain. honor the balmera's death by refusing to give up. join me in my fight against the galra. your words have touched our hearts. thank you. no, thank you. you've given us reason to hope again. everyone, head to the caves just under the surface. princess, your speech must have worked. the balmerans are moving toward the surface. coran, we're just beneath the surface. triangulate my position. this is your landing zone. yes, allura. readying ship. castle of lions, coming in. paladins, how are you holding up. i think we've got him pretty distracted. are the balmerans in position. they're making their way to the top. bring them out. hurry, now. no. it's on the verge of collapsing. we have to go. but the balmerans. they're trapped. what can be done. time is short. every hit weakens the balmera. have you evacuated yet. what's happening. the balmerans are trapped. just keep distracting that beast. uh, do you want us to distract it by dying. because that's what's going to happen. guys, remember when i said we didn't have to beat it. yes, i remember that. we might have to beat it. we're lost. all are trapped with no chance for escape. we can't give up. but what can be done. the balmera. the ground beneath your mighty ship appears healed. its essence thrives. but how. the castle. not just the castle, but you, as well. it's true. your altean energy combined with the ship's crystal has revitalized this part of the balmera. that's it. maybe we can perform the ceremony you spoke about. we can save the balmera. what ceremony. in the days of old, when alteans were given the gift of crystals from a balmera, we would repay its sacrifice by performing a ceremony. a sacred altean would reinfuse the balmera with quintessence. in this way, we had a symbiotic relationship. the galra have only been taking. it's time we give back. i can connect with the crystal in the bridge and use the castle's power as an amplifier. when your father performed the ceremony, it was on a much smaller scale. i beg you. to heal an entire planet, it could take more energy than you possess. you may not live through it. i know you're scared for me, coran, but i must try. guys, this isn't working. we'll never take this beast down in our lions. well, forming voltron didn't work, either. not without some way to shoot all those laser eyes at once. that's weird. what are you trying to tell me. guys. guys, something's happening here. ii think there's a way to take down all those laser eyes at once. well, what is it. do you remember how voltron formed that sword with keith's bayard. i think my lion's telling me i can do the same thing with my bayard. are you sure. let's find out. form thingy. it didn't work. because we didn't form voltron yet. oh, right. yeah, i know. guys, whatever we're planning, let's hurry up and do it. we've got to defend the castle. everyone, follow me. form voltron. it's not enough. we'll have to try something else. are you guys seeing this. roger that. let's see what this thing can do. engage. guys, look. princess, are you all right. did it work. yes. the balmera lives. it thanks you. no. no way. the balmera just saved us. look at the crystals. oh, who's a good balmera. you are. who ate the big monster. you did. yes, you did. yes, you did. dude, what are you doing. what. it's alive, and it wuvs my scwatches. thank you for honoring your vow to return. i should be thanking you. you made me understand what's most important. zarkon and his galra empire are destroying lives. i'm a part of a team that can change that. i know that, now. what is that. it's the dawn of a new day. basic sync & corr. )