narrator". so far, we have seen: ma parker come to town batman and robin call a little old lady surrender treachery capture of pretty boy parker machine gun parker caught mad dog catchers legs give up. . . wheelchair whiz the parkers in the pen deception ma take over engine of destruction. on the road. going on 60. was the batmobile blasted. boy wonder bombed. batman blown to bits. better not budge. that's right, warden. when the batmobile's speedometer hits 60, that's the end of batman and robin. gosh, i'm hungry. i hope aunt harriet has a good meal waiting. let's go faster. you see that sign, robin. "speed limit, 55 miles an hour. " a good driver always observes the speed laws. it's the best way to stay out of trouble. you're right. what worries me is what that trustee said. what was that. that warden crichton does 70 miles per hour on this road. the warden wouldn't break the speed laws. maybe he wanted us to drive faster. maybe he wasn't just looking at the batmobile engine. just as i thought, dynamite. there, that was it. we've just dynamited the dynamic duo. now there won't be any interference with my plans. we got everything here we need: the personnel, the talent, the weapons and the perfect hideout. hideout. sure. when we start pulling our jobs who'll think of looking for the culprits in the penitentiary. heaven help us. it might work. sure, it's gonna work. and you know why, warden. because the pen is mightier than the sword. ma, you're a riot. yeah, a prison riot. all right. now let's get down to business. legs, you go take down those curtains. oh, ma, why take them down. they make the place look real nice. whoever heard of a warden's office looking nice. i want everything here to look businesslike and functional. when did you learn them words. never mind. we're gonna save the homey touches for the cell block. now, i wanna talk to that cook about the chow. we serve the best food in the penal system. maybe so, warden. but from now on, every night is gonna be steak and potato night. oh, yeah. yeah. when we've got this place policed up real good we'll start getting down to real business. yeah. why would a trustee put dynamite in the batmobile, robin. he certainly isn't someone you could trust. a prison is full of social outcasts, robin. some of them seeking revenge, and one can hardly blame them. maybe one of the prisoners put him up to it. maybe even ma parker. mm. what next, batman. we're heading back. sorry to disturb you again, warden but i wanted to make sure everything was all right. why, of course everything is all right. why shouldn't it be. i note some changes in your office decor. it seems a trifle drab. it's, uh, just being renovated. and someone almost renovated the batmobile with dynamite. that's why we're worried. probably an unfortunate mistake. still, i can't help thinking that ma parker had something to do with it. why,nonsense. i can show you that ma parker is safely put away. oh. you see, snug as a bug, batman. you're keeping ma parker and her daughter in the same cell block with the boys. uh, yes, itit's what i call my family plan, batman. it's my theory that the family that dorms together, reforms together. let's see the children. mmhm. there, you see'. everything is fine, batman. thank you, warden. everything looks aokay. all right, robin. let's go. nice work, warden. one peep out of you and it would have been curtains for batman and robin. this is certainly a black day for gotham city. all right, you, open these here doors now. not that way, knucklehead. these doors only open and close electrically. pull the master switch. now, boys, you listen to me and you listen to me good. it's taken me months to organize this here little party and now we are in business. we got everything we need right here. but most of all, we got some of the top talent in the country. oh, it's true, boys. most of you were brought in by batman and the caped crusader only deals with topechelon talent. what about the penguin and the joker. they're still in solitary. they can just cool off there until they find out who's number one around here. how do we make sure batman won't spoil everything. don't you worry about batman, catwoman. batman and robin can't hurt us now. they can only help us. help us. how. because the dynamic duo won't bother with us. we're already in prison. ha, ha. ha, ha. that's right. all they'll be doing is rounding up other criminals. more talent for the gotham state pen gang. oh, that's beautiful. it's almost poetic. the harder they work, the more they'll help us. so i say, long live batman and robin. batman, you really think there's something wrong with the crime computer. something's wrong, but i don't know whether it's the crime computer or me. but everything worked out swell. wham. we got pretty boy, machine gun, mad dog. zap. we got legs and ma parker. it was the easiest job we ever did. that's just it, robin. it was too easy. commissioner gordon said that ma parker was the most dangerous adversary we've ever faced. yet she played right into our hands. i have the strangest feeling we've been duped. big shipment today, mickey. half a million dollars in cash. all right, you men, let's have that cash. our aim's bad enough. theirs is worse. four guns, they can't even hit this truck. all right, tiger, give them a bomb. what was that. the seismograph. the needle jumped. there's an earthquake in gotham city. it didn't register a blast of that intensity. but it does mean there's been an explosion in the vicinity of the gotham city national bank. back. get back. back. back, back. back. get back. get back. get back. batman. what are we gonna do now, ma. i'll tell you what, let's buy them off. huh. here. come on, get out of the way. move. get out of my way. citizens, citizens, please. let us through. let us through. this is official business. please, citizens, let me by. they got away, batman. yes, thanks to all that interference. i wonder who they were. i don't know. but the last one left us a souvenir. mm. just as i thought, robin. there's no doubt about it. just looks like a piece of ripped sleeve to me. ripped prison cloth. one of the criminals must be an escaped convict from the gotham state penitentiary. holy jailbreak. we haven't heard of an escaped prisoner, have we. i suspect there may be a number of things we haven't heard about. let's call warden crichton to see if we can get some additional information. i wish you'd let me go with you, ma. it's dull just being left behind in prison. legs, i don't think it's gonna be dull much longer. don't answer it. hand me that extension, machine gun. hello. this is batman, warden crichton. do you know anything about an escaped prisoner. escaped prisoner. it's that meddling caped crusader. go tell him to take a bat jump in gotham lake. warden crichton is there something wrong. yes, there's plenty wrong. ma parker has taken over the prison. she and her boyswarden crichton. there's trouble at the penitentiary, robin, and ma parker must be behind it. you think she's trying to break out of jail. i don't know. but this is time for us to try to break in. stand clear. hold it. hold it. there's easier ways to getting in here, like robbing a bank. we'd hoped our arrival would go unnoticed. yeah, well, i noticed it. i guess i'm gonna have to shoot you, both of you. instructions from ma parker. yeah, she left orders. she said anyone can get out, but no one can get in. sorry. what a shame, left. what do you mean. jeopardizing your entire future. jeopardizing. only 48 more years before your parole. gee, i never thought of that. fortyeight more years and i'm a free man. boya wise decision. you won't regret this, citizen. we've gotten this far, now what. try to cross the yard without being spotted. you've been spotted, batman. hello, kelly. nice to see you. warden crichton tells me you're doing a fine job. he does. well, welcome to the pen. let's take them to ma. here you are, ma, a present. well, well, well. at last, batman and robin in my power. boys, i think the dynamic duo look hungry and tired. let's give them a good supper and then find them a comfortable chair. you feeling nice and comfortable, batman. very. the dinner was excellent. my compliments to the chef. and i do appreciate your not rushing us. well, i also have some time to kill. until midnight, you mean. you savvy, batman. why midnight, ma. why not right now. mad dog, gotham city will be sound asleep by midnight and nobody will notice the extra drain on the power. mama always knows best. be careful of those straps, fellas. they're connected to the electrical circuit. let's get going. boysthere's a couple of lastminute odds and ends i gotta attend to. legs, you stay here. even a girl ought to be able to watch those two now. holy rheostat. look at the time. i know, robin. he who hath life hath time. a proverb worth remembering. legs. what's a nice girl like you doing in a situation like this. i'm as good as any boy, even if ma doesn't think so. it does seem a little unfair. girls are more sensitive, have more brain. you can say that again. and you weren't fooled for a minute, were you. when ma left you here with us even though we can't get away. wasn't i. li mean, did she. well, why. i have a suspicion, legs that ma and the boys have something else cooking. something they maybe didn't want you to know about. well, they can't pull that one over on me. what's that all about. a psychological experiment, robin, and it worked. now, if i can just break this wire and make contact with the transistorized shortwave battransmitter in my utility belt. but that only connects to the receiver in the batcave. that's right, robin. if i can just send a signal to alfred. we don't have any power source. the power is in this chair itself. if i can just break this wire loose. now, to send a message in batcode. ahem. yes, madam. alfred, i know bruce's study is his private domain, but those sounds he's having some work done on the wiring, madam. a new television unit, i believe. oh. well, don't tell him i was curious, will you, alfred. you think you got through, batman. i don't know, robin. oh, now look at the time. it's almost midnight, ma. i know, mad dog. you let your mother handle this. oh, no, ma, i wanna do it. no, me. no way. quiet. quiet, quiet. ma parker, i don't care about myself. but in the name of decency, i ask you to spare the life of robin. very, very touching. something must've gone wrong with the electricity. i guess the power failed. i can't see, ma. all right. why don't you light a match. here you are, ma. batman's loose. get him, get him. are you all right, robin. i've never felt better, batman. i noticed an emergency generator switch hereyes, there it is. wow, these infrared eyeglasses really worked, batman. i could see perfectly in the dark. yes, they came in handy. i still don't understand what happened. simple. the message i gave to alfred was have gotham city electric company shut off the power at precisely midnight. holy edison. you're a wiz, batman. but what about all the loose convicts out there. snug in their cells. the doors open and close electrically. when the power was shut off, they were locked in. well, ma, i hope you've learned your lesson at last. have pity, batman, on a poor mother. i didn't mean any harm. i was just trying to make my children happy. look out, batman. looking for this, ma. i took the precaution of removing it from your hair during the fight. you're very clever, batman. it isn't easy to foil the greatest mother of them all. once again we're in your debt, caped crusaders. just doing our job, commissioner, and with some reluctance. committing a mother and her four children to prison is not a pleasant assignment. even ma parker. anyway, you'd better make sure that she and her progeny are safely tucked away. for some time to come, batman. what's that, warden. no need for alarm, batman. that's merely the call to sunday chapel service. oh. excuse me, warden. yes, what is it, riley. this package just arrived for ma parker. i thought you'd better see it first. careful, warden, you know her tricks. yes. it might be some more dynamite. let me see that, warden. it was ordered on your telephone, warden, by her four children when they had control of the prison. easy, batman. i don't think there's any danger, robin. flowers, gentlemen. do you know what day this is. what day. mother's day. )