narrator". we have previously seen in a jewelry shop, an antique clock that does more than tell time. second hands in a splitsecond robbery. the mental mainspring of this timetable of crime, the clock king. batburgers at a drivein. batburgers. now it's the clock king disguised as a pop artist. batman and robin pop into the picture. the dynamic duo caught in the coils of time. batman finds the clock king's watch. a trail in the dust. batman and robin find clock king's hideout. blackjacks find the dynamic duo. and they find they're trapped in a giant hourglass. the clock king's watch was a trap. holy sahara. narrator". and their utility belts out of reach. meanwhile, the sands of time pour down with relentless force. is this to be the caped crusader's final adventure. in one moment, we'll come facetoface with the moment of truth. it's no use, robin. it's too thick. i've got it. maybe we can plug up the neck of the hourglass with our capes. for how long, robin. have you forgotten. this glass is airtight. even if the sand doesn't suffocate us, the lack of air will. well, i guess we're finished. don't give up yet, robin. as long as we're alive, there's still a chance. i have an idea, robin. it might work. you slam yourself against your side of the glass and i'll do the same against mine. hurry. holy squirrel cage. the glass didn't break. what do we do now. squirrel cage. that's it, robin. start running around like a squirrel in a cage. i know i'm intruding on two very busy officials. intruding, mrs. cooper. heh. my door is always open to a lady as charming as yourself. and we do have bruce wayne in common, don't we. upstanding citizen. well, bruce is really the reason i'm here. you see, today is his birthday. and while i was downtown shopping, i thought i'd drop by and see if i couldn't coax you into coming to a little surprise party for him at wayne manor tonight. you won't have to twist my arm, mrs. cooper. i'd be delighted. i'll second that. good. shall we say 7ish. very informal, and bring your wives, of course. uh, excuse me, mrs. cooper. my direct line to batman. oh, how exciting. yes, batman. robin too. good. thanks for calling. not bad news, i hope. ah. merely checking in. dependability is just one of the caped crusader's many fine qualities. oh, i know. i talk of him and robin so often to bruce and dick. what in the world gotham city would ever have done without them i don'toh. i don't mean to discredit your fine department. no need to apologize, mrs. cooper. we are all forever in debt to the dynamic duo. so intrepid and yet so incognito. sevenish, then. yes, indeed, 7ish. on the dot. goodbye. goodbye. good bye. what about batman. he wanted to tell us that he had successfully escaped a vicious trap set for him by the clock king. hmm. but that evil adversary is still at large and no doubt planning something even, hmm more monstrous. uniforms. check. everything ready for the big job, your highness. this sure is tingling. everything, including this box and its contents. if only batman knew what was in this box. but he'll never know. no. batman will never know anything anymore, eh, boys. that's right, your highness. you've done what nobody else could've done. you finished off batman and robin. thank you. i deserve it, of course, but i thank you. time to go to work. first i want to check up on that windmill clock bought by that dear little old lady. what dear little old lady. you'll see in a moment, millie. and we'll see if that clock has been put to use yet. oh, alfred, look at what i got bruce for his birthday. he'll be so pleased. he will indeed, madam. it's a rare antique. there are very few clocks left like it in the world today. it's beautiful, madam. i'm sure mr. wayne will be most pleased. bruce wayne. bruce wayne, the millionaire. yes, by george. that lady's the aunt of dick grayson, wayne's ward. when i learned she was shopping for a suitable clock in a clock shop i knew about i sold the clock to the shopkeeper, knowing he, in turn, would sell it to that lady. that brain of yours is always ticking away, your highness. just like a clock. i'm a little tired after my shopping, alfred. i think i'll take a nap to be nice and fresh for bruce's birthday party tonight. oh, he'll be so surprised. bruce wayne certainly will be surprised. because he has a fine collection of old antique pocket watches which we are going to appropriate in a few minutes. let's go. there's one thing that worries me, your highness. nothing should be worrying any of us now so near to our great goal. but that clock on the lady's piano. that's the one i thought that you wanted me to put the little funny button on. it is. the control for the knockout gas. one whiff, the butler will be out cold and the antique pocket watches will be all mine. oh, no. no. not that button. i mean the buttonyouyou mean the atomic energy directional control switch. well, whatever it is. "whatever it is". whatever it is is supposed to be in this box. not in that clock. that's what worries me. i think i made a mistake. mistake. you just pulled the biggest boneheaded blunder of the century. now, if we don't get the windmill clock back from bruce wayne's mansion in short order our big job will be ruined. there isn't a minute to lose. your highness, i'm sorry. i never thought a funny little buttonan atomic energy directional control switch is not a funny little button. that one's worth a cool million dollars to us. millie. you can be of great help to me right now. me. gee. what do i do. stay here and keep your eyes open, but stay out of sight. oh, i'll certainly try. if i can remember all that. gee. i think i got a little sand down my neck too. you're lucky it's only sand, robin. an hourglass is not the most practical of conveyances. anyway, here it is. our entire file on crooks named smith. good. i'll feed them into the batcomputer and see if we can get the data on the mysterious mr. smith clock king mentioned. hmm, i sure hope so. boy, what i'd give to know where clock king is right at this very minute. narrator". meanwhile, up in the wayne living room the atomic energy directional control switch is intact. i'm sure sorry about that mistake, your highness. while i'm here, i might as well pick up that valuable collection of antique pocket watches. i thought you said there wasn't a minute to lose. it won't take long. narrator". meanwhile, down in the batcave gosh, if we get the correct information we'll have the clock king right where we want him. narrator". meanwhile, up in the wayne living room meanwhile, down in the batcave it won't be long now, batman. narrator". meanwhile, up in the wayne living room that was fast. time is of the essence. let's go. good afternoon. bruce's birthday clock. shh. what are you doing here. who are you. shh. help. alfred, alfred. help. alfred. it's the little old lady, your highness. dick grayson's aunt. i think we better take her along with us. alfred. narrator". meanwhile, down in the batcave why, it's alfred's burglar alarm. there must be trouble upstairs. what do you mean, take me with you. where. how. that's a good question, your highness. what do we put her in. take these. i'll take care of her. no. help, alfred. youyou called, madam. holy hijackers. clock king and his second hands robbing wayne manor. why, the brazenwatch what you say. after all, we're not supposed to know them. don't worry. unhand my aunt. sorry, gentlemen. we hope to make a safe getaway after lifting a few baubles from this handsome residence. perhaps this sweet lady will provide that safety. you can take your baubles but you're not taking mrs. cooper out of this house as a hostage. we may have a difference of opinion there, mister. quick. out to the car. i think i'm going to faint. it's all right, aunt harriet. they're gone now. they won't come back. sit down. sit down. imagine me being a hostage. it's all right. it's all right. i'm sorry i wasn't of much help, sir. they gave me rather a bad time when they entered. that's quite all right, alfred. would you just see mrs. cooper up to her room, please, alfred. certainly, sir. here we go, madam. there. that's right. are we gonna let them get away just like that. by the time we got down to the batmobile, they'd be long gone, dick. at least they didn't get away with my private collection of antique pocket watches. hmm. he seemed more concerned with that clock that they had. maybe it could be a lead, bruce. wherever it came from. i still think the mysterious mr. smith will provide the lead we need. let's get back to the batcave. how about this. sable sam smith who specializes in stealing valuable furs. sorry, robin. he's serving a jail term right now. here's one. gibralter smith. alias "smitty smith the safecracker. " smitty smith was recently arrested for armed robbery. he's back pounding rocks. i can just see him now. old smitty smith. he used to be a real swinger on the safeandlock circuit. now he's swinging a hammer on a rock pile. i think you've got it, robin. clock king was making a pun on the name "smith. " a smith swings a hammer in a smithy. holy horseshoes. exactly, robin. mr. smith is a blacksmith. what connection could there be between a blacksmith and clock king. a blacksmith and a bigclock crime. a blacksmith and a bigclock crime. blacksmith. big clock. blackthe big tower clock in downtown gotham city. let's take a look. let's try another one. hmm. there's the blacksmith. yes, robin. and every hour, that mechanical marvel brings his hammer down to strike the anvil in time with the clock. clock king said that a certain mr. smith would be assisting with the crime at exactly 5:00. maybe he's going to put something on the anvil that will be triggered by the hammer when it strikes. thus his real objective must be something facing the clock tower. the only building facing the clock tower is that one with the rooftop heliport. right, robin. his real objective must be the heliport. someone or something of value must be arriving at the heliport at exactly 5:00. maybe commissioner gordon can provide us with an answer. five o'clock, batman. hold on. let me see. one, two, three, four, five yes. there is one due at that time. a helicopter from the nuclear laboratory of the gotham institute of technology. well, two noted physicists will be delivering a cesium clock to the a. s. c. corporation. uh, purely routine. we've taken no special precautions. a cesium clock. thank you, commissioner. what's a cesium clock. a cesium clock is one that's regulated by controlled atomic energy. it's frequently used in regulating satellite tracking or in space probes. holy liftoff. and i read recently that a cesium clock is being delivered to the amalgamated communications corporation for use in their tracking facilities. that means that it's the same clock that's being delivered by helicopter today at 5:00. but what use would a cesium clock be to clock king. lots of use, robin. he could be holding the a. s. c. up for ransom because a cesium clock is worth at least a million dollars. we've no time to lose. to the tower. atomic batteries to power. turbines to speed. roger. ready to move out. what a setup. but why do you want me here, clock king. any man wants a beautiful woman at his side, millie, at the climax of his career. gee. get the uniforms out. we've little time for this whole operation. now, these uniforms, forged credentials and identification badges should give us carte blanche to unload the cesium clock. the box. but i still don't understand. no questions. you've already thrown us off schedule. we haven't got a minute to lose. now, at 5:00, when the clock strikes 5 these figures will start to move. that hammer will come down on the box and trigger the knockout gas across to the heliport. it won't affect us in our gas masks. we transfer to the heliport and fly the cesium clock out on the helicopter. simple. so very, very simple. oh. i didn't know you could fly a helicopter. millie, for a million dollars, a man can do almost anything. now, into the uniforms. no. it can't be true. you're dead. you have to be dead. maybe we're living on borrowed time. but now it's roundup time. batman, look. his gun. holy merrygoround. that wild shot has started the clockworks moving. get them before they get you. five o'clock. not bad for timing, huh, batman. yes, robin. and that clock's tolling the end of clock king's crimes. great job, batman. i couldn't have done better meself. thank you, chief o'hara. that's high praise indeed. you and the boy wonder deserve a great deal of credit. thanks to you, the clock king is behind bars at last. and high time too. uh, no pun intended, batman. agreed, commissioner. and i find it only fitting that clock king, who made time serve his crimes must now serve time himself. well put, batman. and speaking of time, chief o'hara and i are late right now for the birthday party dick grayson's aunt is giving for millionaire bruce wayne. robin and i had the honor of being invited too, commissioner. unfortunately, we cannot attend. oh, too bad. it should be quite an affair. it's a surprise party, you know. i'm sure millionaire bruce wayne will be quite surprised. well, chief o'hara, come on. all right, commissioner. )