narrator". as you recall, we left batman and robin staked out by shame in the path of a cattle stampede. things haven't improved any since we left them. and in a moment, we'll see what happens. just a few seconds left, batman, and there's no way out. courage, robin. keep your mask up. the rumbling of the cattle zooms has loosened my stake. stay right where you are, robin. don't make a move. ol, batman. hey. ha, ha. bravo, bravo, more. ol. ol, batman. ol. oh. unh. phew. oh. i always thought they went for red capes, batman. merely an affectation, robin. something to make the corrida seem more colorful. actually, bulls are colorblind, they react to movement, not to color. holy toreador. the word is "matador," robin. "toreador" is a word of convenience used by bizet in his classic opera carmen. oh. holy matador, then. very apt. batman, boy wonder, what happened. i thought it was all a game. it was, andy, the most dangerous game of all. and the stakes were life and death. and we darn near died. there's one thing in life you should learn, it's to listen to your father and mother and i don't think they'd approve of your association with shame. you're right, batman, i should have known better. but after all, i'm only 7 years old. you're never too young to learn the difference between good and evil. if i see him, i'll walk on the other side of the street, i promise. but i'd sure like my radio back. we'll see about that. let's go, robin. we've set another youth on the road to a brighter tomorrow. goodbye, andy. now that we know he's building a truck, we'll have to discard our theory that he's stealing parts so he can race a car in the gotham grand prix. sure, and that 100,000 in prize money is just cattle feed to shame. yet what could his reason be. i suggest we visit the one man in gotham city who knows what's happening in the world of wheels. hot rod harry at kgc. yeah. good luck, dynamic duo. shame, come back. come back, shame. shame, come back. and now, stay tuned for the news on kgc. the numberone rated radio station in the world. stationville, breakville, nowsville. well, hello, caped crusaders. what can i do for you. shame is building a superfast truck. we're trying to figure out why. well, the drag races are all over for the year other than that, i can't think of a thing, boy wonder. hey, there is one other cat who knows more about where the automotive action is than the toprated dj in gc town. who's that, mr. harry. laughing leo, the used car and truck magnate on surf avenue and 20th street. thank you. keep punching, fellows. you have my word as a used car dealer. this car was formerly owned by an oyster salesman who only drove it in months with an r in them. hahaha. i certainly hope so. i came all the way from pasadena to buy this car. bye,honey. goodbye. hahaha. welcome, welcome. hello, friends, looking for a new or oneonly used car. not quite, we came toah, that old job of yours is starting to look a little bit tacky. wouldn't be interested in something more modern. i can put you in a beaut for only 1000 down and this old clunker thrown in. hahaha. know of anything in the car world that shame might wanna get involved with. shame. hahaha. which shame is that. the conniving cowboy of crime. oh, that shame. hahaha. sorry, can't help you. let's go, robin, we'll get no place here. look, 500 down, now, that's my last offer. how about it. sorry, can't help you. well come again. hahaha. goodbye. oh, hello there, laughing leo, you come over to give us more good news. well, this truck's ready to take on anything. of course, it don't make a heap of difference now that batman and robin took the big leap. funny you should mention that. yeah. we gonna steal them there black anguses. what, where black anguses. oh, them prized cows at the gotham city rodeo. worth 300,000 bucks each. and four of them totals up to one million, two hundred thousand, all together. which we're gonna sell out west to some unscrupulous cattle ranchers. ha, ha. boy, don't that just about fry your eyeballs. hahaha. i couldn't be happier. i ain't smiled so much since i ran out of notch room on my gun handle. batman and robin done in. us gonna get a potful. things just couldn't be better. all right, leo, what did you come to talk to me about. well, i don't quite know how to tell you this, but, uh well, now, don't stand there chewing your cud, spit it out, boy i don't like a dallying tongue. batman and robin are still alive. they came over to my place asking questions. what's happened. he's angrier than a hyena with laryngitis. shame. hush up, leo. when he gets this way maybe you don't see nothing, but it ain't safe to ask no questions. and exactly where was the wayne limousine found, alfred. on a shadowy side street, sir, in a gotham city suburb. i hope you didn't mind my dismantling it for you. not at all, alfred. you saved us at least 15 minutes by doing that. but i'm afraid we've struck out. there's not a fingerprint to be found anywhere. here's the last item, sir. mmhm. there's a tiny green speck and an even tinier red speck on it. robin, here, take a look at this. what do you think it is, batman. the red speck appears to be chili and the green speck is avocado. do you know what that means. that shame is a sloppy eater. partly, but what restaurant serves the best chili and avocado dip in gotham city. holy guacamole. the adobe hacienda motel and eats on the inbound state highway. let's go. we're too late, batman, now we'll never find him. don't fret, old chum. let's figure this out. shame would have to hide until tonight because he can't travel during the daytime in those peculiar looking clothes. right. as rain, batman. where would a bunch like that holeup. you've got me. i think he went back to westernland. he knows that we know about his hideout there. correct. however, knowing that, he'd think that we'd think he would not return there therefore, he did and so will we. holy batlogic. let's go. but boss, how did you know. i knew he'd think i'd think he'd think i'd think he'd come back here. all right, you got clear aim. let them have it. we've been bushwhacked. quick, behind the bulletproof batmobile. another hero bites the dust, i plugged the boy wonder. all right, let's vamoose. where did he get you, robin. in the heel. we'll have to get that out fast. here, bite down on this. steady, robin. there. let's go after them, batman. no, we'll have to get you back to the batcave. where you can get proper medical attention. you'll need blankets, some hot water and plenty of baticillin. it feels perfect, batman. the baticillin lozenges i gave you worked instantly. too bad they got away before we could question them. that's crime business, robin. it's all in the game. yes, alfred. i beg your pardon, sir, but your scheduled to serve as grand marshal at the annual gotham city rodeo. great scott. on the horns of our dilemma, i'd overlooked that. should be quite an interesting affair. apart from the usual steer roping, bulldogging and bare back riding there's the exhibition of the prized black angus cattle. what cattle. black angus, sir, four of them. each worth more than $300,000 for, ahem, breeding purposes. that's it, robin. what's it, batman. it's staring us right in our masks. they must be what he's after. alfred, call the coliseum commission and convey bruce wayne's regrets that he will be unable to attend. but, sir, think of your public image. no one will miss bruce wayne and dick grayson once they see batman and robin. to the batmobile. now, nobody flick an eyelash, this here is a holdup. i don't want them bacon drippings, i got bigger fish to fry. rip. yeah. get that freight elevator ready. okay, boss. messy. yeah, boss. get them cattle rounded up. right, boss. all right, get in line. you heard me. pull that cow out. come on, move. okie annie, keep your gun aimed on these folks and this time, aim to kill. get it. got it. good. the rodeo is on the main floor, but the bulls are shown on the upper level. what happens if we've guessed wrong, batman. if they aren't what shame is after. think positive, robin. but you do have a point. stand clear. these short batclimbs are harder than the longer ones. it takes a while to unlimber your muscles, robin. it's all good training. colonel, what are doing here in gotham city. i'm looking for an underground agent. one of ours or one of yours. and why the exposition hall at the coliseum. who knows, you never know where you might find one. be careful not to get picked up. chief o'hara can be very tough with aliens incognito. incognito. with my monocle. well, say hello to colonel hogan for us. it's no wonder he hasn't tried to borrow your batrope to pull another one of his escapes. all right, now you folks keep your feet planted on the ground and nobody will end with their toes curled up, get it. good. what happened. who did it. uhuhuhwhich way did they head. what's he saying, batman. poor devil, he's in a state of shock, shame must have just left. come on, robin. where to. through the window from whence we came. we must capture shame. what's wrong, batman. they've already attained a substantial lead over us, robin plus, with the speed of that truck, we'll never catch them now. and they have one great advantage over us. which is. they know where they're going. and they've already stolen a million, unless we can employ some batlogic and figure out their scheme. let's see. steers have to be fed, right. right. and it's not easy to hide four such enormous, wellknown animals. right. right. they must've gone back to the gotham city stockyards, right. wrong. wrong. wrong. if you wanted to hide a person, would you hide him in a crowd. right. right. it's easy to spot a person in a crowd. but it's not so easy to spot a person in some isolated spot where you wouldn't have looked. ergo. ergo shame has probably taken those cows to the corral. sound thinking, robin. call commissioner gordon on the battelephone. tell him to meet us there. come back, shame. shame, come back. shame. narrator". meanwhile, at the gotham city stockyards shame and his evil cohorts are feeding the black angus cattle at the ko corral. well, i guess we're done did it, laughing leo. as soon as we get these critters fed and watered, we'll hightail it out of here. heeheehee. every arch criminal in the east has been trying to outwit batman for years. hahaha. but it took a suntanned westerner to do the trick. you said a snootful, leo. mm. hey, boss, did you hear what i hear. huh. did you hear anything. you hear anything. what do you hear. the batmobile. that's what i hear. all right, now, take cover and this time, when you aim, aim to bleed. there it is, batman, the ko corral. let's go. steady, old churn. this could be a trap. what do you think, robin. it's awfully quiet. too quiet for my money. don't make a move, batman, or i'll fill you full of lead. you can't frighten us with a vague threat, shame. for a smart hombre, you ain't got much savvy. this town ain't big enough for the both of us. draw. you and every other criminal know that i don't carry firearms, shame. well, then, reach for your utility belt so as i can do you in. even the rottenest cowboy wouldn't gun down two unarmed men. it's against the code of the old west. them rules don't count east of the mississippi. if you're gonna murder us, you're gonna have to do it without our aid. you may get two other notches in your gun, but it won't help your reputation one bit. that's enough, batman. one more move and you'll look like a big blue lump of swiss cheese. i got you covered six ways to sunday. look around. at the moment of truth, do exactly as i do. all right, fellows and gal, let them have it. what do we do when the smoke clears, they can draw a bead on us. shh, shh. i'm concentrating. it's a heck of a time to be concentrating. let's see, nine guns with six shots each, how many shots is that. fiftyfour. i counted 53. they're out of bullets. now we'll see if you guys are as brave without guns for protection. come on, robin. get them, shame. yippee. yahoo. ay. ride him, cowboy. ha, ha. you wouldn't hit a man with glasses, would you. heh. you're not wearing glasses. oh, i'm not. laugh that off, leo. pardon me, ma'am. that's no way to prime a pump, shame. yeah, all right, partner, it were a fair and square fight, batman. it was fair because you couldn't use your weapons. great care must be taken in the use of firearms. they can be quite dangerous if used improperly. you said a mouthful. shame, you just fired your last shot in gotham city. all right, you thieving spalpeens, get going. come on, into the wagon. all right, now, come on, hurry up. let's go. you too, come on. batman, you've done it again. may i shake your glove. of course, commissioner. ha, ha. and yours too, boy wonder. i must admit, we had a few tense moments with shame. on the other hand, i knew you would bring him to justice. oh. well, don't you always. i like to think of you two as my own personal blessings in disguise. in a few minutes, the authorities will transport you all to the calaboose. well, i guess it's goodbye for 99 years to life. the law is the law. this little tyke insisted on coming in. ha, ha. ha, ha. andy, what are you doing here. i've been yelling and screaming all over gotham city for shame to come back. when i heard that he was in here, i just reported myself as a lost little boy. why did you do that. because this dirty old man stole my radio and if morn ever found out about it, she'd whale the tar out of me. give me back my radio, shame, or you'll be in big trouble with my mother. here. send me a bill for the batteries. batman'll know my address. well, what are you gonna do now, andy. you're not really a lost little boy. i was for a while, batman, but you made me find myself. i'm going straight to the departmental store and trading this western outfit for a batman costume. i don't wanna be a cowboy anymore. i wanna be a hero like you, caped crimefighter. being a hero or a crimefighter is not what counts the most, andy it's growing up to be a good citizen, and if that's what you meant it's the highest possible compliment you could pay me. good grief. )