 anybody seen stitch.  ..ohh...  ebaka.  ..  am inotsurprised.  i do not have time for this today.  626 has been very bad.  i'm very proud.  how do you know stitch did it.  anybody could have put a paint brush in his hand and pleakley's plant in the other hand.  ..  .  and myhound dogsingle.  ..stitch wouldn't do that.  yeah, yeah, it's jabanaga.  i'm gonna be late for work.  this behavior has got to stop.  hey, somebody dropped a picture.  why, it's stitch scrubbing his smelly alien toes with a purple toothbrush.  ha ha ha ha.  oh, it is to laugh.  that's hilarious.  hey, which poor sucker has a purple toothbrush.  oh.  bleeeh.  ..it.   oh.  he stays outside until i get home.  but stitch said he didn'tlilo, that's an order, and no buts, or i'll put you out with him.  fine.  don't worry, stitch.  it'll be ok.  hee hee hee.  whassa miserable.  hey, everyone,with all the info on all things disney365 days a year, i'm robby, here on the setofsonny with a chance, to show you what the stars dobehind the scenes.   it's allisyn arm'sdressing room.  hey, robby.let's get started.   well, this is it.  all right, cool.  i saw a couple cats when i walked in.  are you a cat fan. yeah.  i'm a really big cat fan.  that one over there is actually a present that i got from my little sister.  so how about this giant gum ball.  that's actually one of the props from one of the new episodes ofsonny with a chance.  okay, so i see disney fairies andcars.  well, right now i'm reading asonny with a chancebook on disney digital books.  disney digital booksis a new website that features over 600 bookswith some of your favorite disney channeloriginal movies and shows, likesonny with a chance.  so how about thesonny with a chancebook.  are all the characters in it.  well, yeah, they're all here.  i mean, well, there's mewell, zora.  and there's sonny and tawni.  on disney digital books,you can play trivia, read interactive books, and evenbuild your own disney story to share with friends too.  now, besides sonny with a chance, what other books do you find on the site.  well, you can find all sorts of disney books, from disney channel shows to movies likeup, cars, toy story.  toy story. yeah.princess and the frog.  there are even lookandlisten books that read the story to you.  allisyn, we need you on set.  all right, i'm coming. you want to come.  okay, robby, here's the prop house set.  this is a sarcophagus.  this is probably my favorite prop in the prop house.  i get to hide in here in some episodes.  and over here, we've got a photo booth that doesn't actually work.  over here, we've got a really cool propthe jukebox.  all right, you got any demi lovato, tiffany thornton music playing on it.  it's actually not real. don't tell anybody.   can you tell me a little bit about what's coming up onsonny with a chance.  yeah, well, there's definitelygonna be a lot more laughs and a lot more funny sketchesto look forward to.  you can also check outthesonny with a chancebook and more at ddbkids.com.  well, it's time for us to call it a wrap.  i'm robby. and i'm allisyn.  and this is... both:disney 365.  see ya.  just pretend you're camping out, stitch.  when nani gets home, we'll fix everything.  larger girl said no visiting with prisoner 626, he is being punished.  ok.  nani wants you to wear this.   stitch, i know you can break out.  i need you to show nani you're behaving.  if you don't, she's gonna send us both to the town.  whazzagub. waaahh.  since the accident with my record player, ..  you and i are gonna honor the king with a movie marathon, scrump.  a triple featureblue hawaii, thenblue hawaii, followed byblue hawaii.  popcorn's ready.  huh.    ruff.  logamooga.  lilo: what's all the racket in there.  that sounded likestitch.  bleeah.  nogamiga cava.  stitch not bad. was scary dolly.  scrump is very smart, stitch.  but she doesn't go around breaking plates and unspooling videotapes.   i saw 626 sneak in window.  had bad feeling he was up to no good.  ..i don't believe stitch is guilty.  i'm willing to give him the benefit of the doubt anda fair trial.  court is being in session.  judge jumba jukiba presiding.  626 is accused of all sorts of naughtiness and will be tried before a jury of peers.  how does experiment plead.  not guilty, your honor.  we are ready for persecutor.  your honor, my esteemed opponents, jury of toys, i will prove beyond a reasonable doubt that defendant 626 is guilty of all the heinous crimes with which he's charged.  exhibit "a"my poor begonia plant, brutally pulled from its home.  objection.  that plant was gonna croak anyway.  all his plants do.  irrelevant.  your honor, playthings of the jury, my lack of skill in the botanical arts must not blind you to the evidence.  exhibit "b"a paint brush, used to paint a sleeping nani.  found in the defendant's possession.  objection.  someone probably put it there and framed stitch.  where wereyou last night, huh, pleakley.  me.   hey, hey, hey.  counsel for defenseplease to playing fair. carry on.  exhibit "c", your toynessesa record player trampled to pieces mercilessly by the defendant.  objection.  itit could have got broken some other way.  maybe.  ..  defendant 626.  stitch, do you promise to tell the truth, all the truth, and every little bit of the truth, just like the king of rock 'n' roll.  ummh.  stitch, please tell the court in your own words, did you do any of those bad things.  robota gito.  626 says he has no memory of crimes.  he claims was sleeping all during the time.  the defense rests.  pfft.  she's in contempt, your honor.  am not. this ismyhouse.  i can do whatever i want.  little girl has point.  proceed with crossexamination.  you better believe it'll be cross.  ahem.  so, defendant 626, you claim to have been sleeping.  nice alibi. i'm being sarcastic.  and while there is no eyewitness to the crime, defendant 626 was nevertheless caught in the act.  exhibit "d".  perhaps stitch would like to explain this photograph clearly revealing him using nani's toothbrush to scrub his putrid, purple toes.   wasn't it defendant 626 who chewed off the arm of mr. fluffy bear here.  objection.  i sewed it back on.  and how about little susie tea party.  anybody seen her head.  i haven'tbecause it's gone.  objection.  stitch didn't mean to eat it.  it was a freak accident.  ..accidentally hungry.  minutes ago, poor little scrump was found involuntarily admiring the defendant's dental work.  .. i object, your honor.  he's making it look like stitch did do it.  it's the truth.  stitch.  no.  .. killer..   order. order.  nani: stop.  someone. anyone.  you.  tell me what is going on with him.  perhaps 626 is reverting to original programming, becoming monster again.  a relapse.  oh, no.  my begonias can't take it.  happy thoughts. think happy thoughts.  so what do we do.   analyzer computer will do probing of every aspect of 626.  if he is going back to old ways,  we will soon find out.  test takes few hours, 626.  you'll be staying in there.  be back soon.  jumba is only gonna make sure stitch is all right.   now, i gotta get back to work.  maybe i'll bring home a pizza for dinner.  i guess it's just you and me, scrump.   aha.   lilo: scrump.  you guys seen scrump.  uh, no. not seeing makeshift rag doll.  am watching repaired videotape of king now.  how does he move his hips like that.  fascinating.  .  oh, no, you don't.  i saw you.  you can stand up and everything.  and you broke bleakley's plant.   yyou're a ghost.  a phantasmo or something.  help. ooh.  little stinker.  my begonia.  little girl should not be playing with rope like that.  i think it's the rope that's doing the playing.  stop that. hey. i don't like this at all.  hee hee hee.  of course. experiment 375.  designed to take possession of inanimate objects and create utter chaos.  well, he's doing a good job.  stitch got blamed for his tricks and was innocent the whole time.  i knew it.  what does it want.  375 has advanced programming.  now that we have learned his secret, will probably get rid of us.   hee hee hee.  the weapon is only loaded with net.  he has replaced net with my new laser cartridge.  i am so proud of his smartness.  i'm not.  and i'm just gonna faint.  i'm too terrified to faint.  how 'bout if i just scream.  aah.  leo:" amy: brought to you by disney bluray and dvd.  today we're talkingabout the new movie "  in this movie, a beautiful girl named tiana dreams of opening her own restaurant.  oh, can't you just picture it.  but everything changes when she meets a frog prince. everything.   this movie's all about following your dreams, so we asked you to go online and vote for which of my dreams you think i should follow.  ..  musician,come on, musician.  musician. philosopher.  really.  nah, they picked musician. rockin'.  tiana's not the only dreamer in the movie.  there's ray, a firefly with his eyes set on a star.  and louis, a trumpetplaying alligator who dreams of performing on stage.  time to make like louis and rock out.   oh, my.  there's 3 thingsyou gotta do to be a princess.  number one,wish on a star.  do it every nightright before bed.  two, work hard.  chores and homework,done and done.  three, give a littlesmoochy smoochy to mr. froggy froggy.  eew, no way.  i guess some other girl will have to go to the royal ball and meet a handsome, charmingok, give me the toad.  i'll let you two get to know each other.  i see that you work out.  you're nice and buff there.  this bluray and dvd comes with " portraits game.  and the bluray is a combo pack that comes with a dvd and a digital copy of the movie so you can take it with you anywhere.  you can go online tovote for what you want to happen on the show.  whoo. i knew it, i knew it.  ahh, ok, let's do this.  ugh, gross.  me, kiss a frog.  puhlease. ugh.  ..  both:" "the princessand the frog" is available now on disney bluray,combo pack and dvd.  hee hah hah hah.  maka the family. jira chiva.  lilo: stitch.  get us outta here.  i knew you weren't all bad.    you know, i think i'll just wait upstairs under the covers, ok.  megata.  megata.  whoa. suction.  aah.  my head.  my beautiful cranial orb.  there he is.  gotcha, troublemaker.  i don't see him.  follow that stop light.  ha ha ha hjojava.   no getting away this time.  come on outta there.  ..  eh.    nani: lilo.  this is one of those rare moments when i like to hear my sister yelling at me.  so i hear there's an experiment out there that takes over inanimate objects.  makes it look like otherinnocentexperiments did bad stuff when they didn't do anything wrong at all.  ok, i get it. my bad.  would someone tell me what this experiment wants.  he's never had a home because he's always jumping from place to place.  and i think he craves attention.  that's why he liked being in scrump.  wait, that's it.  make a left here.   oh. stitch.  ha hee hee ha.  macki and the hammerheads are still under the weather.  audience: aw.  hey, no one's allowed back there.     they love you.  isn't this better than causing chaos.  how 'bout if you make this your home.  yeah. nigoba nakachuba.   ready or not, buoys and gulls, macki macaw and the hammerheads are back.  hee hee hee hee.   again, little girl has found one place experiment is beloved.  yeah, she's good.  i owe you both an apology.  i was wrong about you.  innocent till proven guilty.  i'm old enough to know that. i'm sorry.   we'll forgive your behavior on one condition.  nani buys games and pizza.  ha ha.  i guess that's fair.   captioning made possible bydisney channel department of education captioning performed bythe national captioning institute, inc.   tookie bah waba.  hao.  iki bah bah.  ha ha ha.   i laila 'o kaua'i la    no malihini ohana    welcome, cousins, acome on by    aloha, e komo mai   maka maka.   i laila 'o kaua'i la    no malihini ohana    welcome, cousins, acome on by    aloha, e komo mai    aloha, e komo mai   ha ha ha.  ah, ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.       aka tiki bah bah    aka tiki bah bah       ooocha. chika.   miki miki coconut    i laila 'o kaua'i la    no malihini ohana    welcome, cousins, acome on by    aloha, e komo mai    aloha, e komo mai    aloha, e komo mai   captioning made possible bydisney channel department of education lilo: dear henry,i received your last communique with great joy.  i'm glad to hearthat you get to go on liberty soon.  everybody needs timeto recharge, especially you brave menin uniform.  ..sincei last wrote you, i've become best friendswith an illegal genetic experiment from another planet.his name is stitch.  he had a few discipline problem,s but he's really come a long way.  iga. ha ha ha.   stay frosty, soldier. semper fi.  love, lilo.  camp pendleton.  he's my pen pal.  aah. blblblbl.  hey.  it was right there on the floor.  it must have been in somebody's mail.  experiment 509.  hmm.  509.  agricultural experiment.  it's a plant.  experimentdesigned to be violent and indestructible.  looks like harmless plant one moment, but suddenly rises up like savage beast and attacks.  let's activate it so we can find its one true place.  no, no, no. is too risky.  but we can make friends with it, and then it won't attack.  you wanting to make friends with a plant.   oh, is very compassionate.  also silly.  no, impossible to activate without causing extreme destruction.  of course, is fun for me, but for planet's sake, am putting away permanently.  butend of discussion.  not looking so sad.  hundreds of experiments left on the loose wreaking havoc on island.  make friends with those.  yeah. i gotta go to hula class.  see you later.   i say good riddance to the water tower.  it's creepy.  but it looks like a giant pineapple.  that's not creepy.  it is to me.  i can't wait for the fair.  i'm entering a basket i wove in the kids craft competition.  i am entering the tomatotossing contest.  there's nothing like smashing someone in the face with an overripe tomato.  i'm definitely getting the blue ribbon in the orchid competition.  what about you, weirdlo.  ..  an orchid, too.  what kind of orchid.  .. with polkadots.  you know nothing of the orchid world.  do too.  oh, yeah.  bet you exclusive rights at maiapulai cove for one whole week that my orchid will beat your orchid.     . that's serious.  it's the best and most secretest beach on the whole island.  you're not scared to lose, are you.  me. scared. ha.  good.  we'll finally get to go to maiapulai cove without any weirdos hanging around.   i have to win the orchid competition.  i just need to grow an orchid by this weekend.  what are you looking at.   ohh.  bigga.  hee hee ha ha ha.    pleakley, can you help me grow an orchid for the town fair.  town fair. what town fair.  kokaua town fair.  they have rides and food and competitions for stuff like flowers.  what about pineapples.  there's a homegrown fruits and vegetables competition.  .  i can enter my pinormous.  the pinormous will revolutio )