 actually, spinelli, none of you are here for leisure.  as you recall, vinced the unit of concerned brainy kids that you should all escort me to kauai as my 5 astronomy assistants.  yeah. good one, teej.  hey, i'd say just about anything for a chance to goof off in paradise.  indeed.  our locale brings to mind the great john milton, whose epicparadise lost i intend to read cover to cover during our sojourn here.  hey, has anyone seen my fruity drink.  it's the one with the paper umbrella.  aah. some weird monkey has my drink.  stitch, give the nice boy back his pineapple pizzazz.  sorry about that.  my dog's got some personal space issues.  hey, you're a local kid.  what do you do for fun on this rock.  um, well, lots of stuff.  "of eden, where delicious paradise, now nearer, crowns with her enclosure green" and fruity drinks reign supreme.  i penned that last part.  hoo chi fah.  oh, no.  what in the name of finster's support hose just happened.  he's here. everybody duck.  who's here.  ..pet.  ..lax.  he got loose, and i've got to catch him before he zaps anyone else.  lax. zaps.  you see, gretch.  the real excitement isn't up in space.  it's right here, on good old planet earth.     625, can't you hear the container computer blaring.  didn't want to disturb your private time.  you always notify me when another experiment has been activated.  warning, experiment 285 activated.  primary function: causes enemies to abandon work.  hey, hey. there's one you don't need.  you never work.  oh, sorry.  i mean, you never get paid.  'cause you never catch any experiments.  once hamsterviel's locator satellite is online, those days will be a distant memory.  locator satellite.  that is correct, you lazy yet culinarily inclined mutant.  it is my latest technological brainstorm, and it should be ready very soon.  ha ha ha.  once it is, finding any activated experiment will be as easy as stealing food pellets from a baby, don't ya know.  ha ha ha.  well, what are you waiting for.  go capture that experiment, fishy fish.  the satellite isn't working just yet.  until it is operational, you hunt experiments the oldfashioned way.  what, badly.   yes, sir.  don't hurry back.  i'm gonna be kicking it and listening to tunes.  see here, spinelli, i hardly think the mischief of some bizarre pet outweighs the possible discovery of a new planet.  using the island's highpowered telescope, i hope to prove that the object i saw from my garage observatory wasincredibly boring.  no offense, gretch, but we're on vacation.  we'd have more fun chasing down lax for lulu over here.  it's lilo, and stitch and i can catch him ourselves.  it's like our job.  there he is. he's up in that tree.  hey, you dumb zapper.  you can't outrun vince lasalle.  i'll shimmy up there and grab him.  somebody say ready, setchill.  that fiend.  what's he done to our pal.  he'll be ok.  he's not hurt or anything.  .. on vacation.  look, lilo, i don't know what kind of creature that is up there, but it zapped two of my friends, don't worry, stitch and i will catch him.   um, your stitch is on vacation.  you're gonna need reinforcements.  but i can't be responsible for your safety.  hey, no problem.  that's what finster's for.  what's a finster.  miss finster, our faculty chaperone.  a lot of good she'll do us.  she hasn't left the spa since we got to the hotel.  oh, rolf.  nobody can massage that deep tissue like you.  rolf me, baby. rolf me.  ung.  oh, mister, you just doubled your tip.  all right, let's do this.  i'm t.j.  that's vince, spinelli, gus, gretchen, and mikey's on the raft.  ha ha ha.  san zup. vap. vap. vap.  lilo: we gotta figure out how to catch him without getting zapped ourselves.  if i get any lazier than i already am, i'll forget to breathe.   hey.  hey, what you kids doing down there.  keep moving, mister. keep moving.  hey, you don't have to tell me twice.  if i don't get this food out to the cabana, my boss is gonna eat me forah, lunch.  gretchen, i've scoured my databanks, and i haven't found any record of a creature that can focus a beam of energy that causes one to stop working.  it's astounding.  indeed, galileo.  it strikes me as very odd, as well.  lilo, if i may be so bold, this creature isn't, well, of this earth, is it.  well, not exactly.  i knew aliens existed. i just knew it.  please, gus, we kind of try to keep a lid on the whole "aliens on earth" thing.   so what's the plan, lilo.  i think i have an idea.  um, do you mind.  oh, that's weird. i really don't.  i can use this to deflect lax's ray, but i could use a diversion.  good thinking. spinelli, let's go.  aye, aye, teej.  go. go. go.  lilo, forget it. lax is down.  spinelli: he's heading for the golf course.  i don't know what got into that caddy of ours.  imagine, making us carry our own clubs.  lilo: sorry.  there's lax.  and there's stitch. stop him, stitch.  your shot.  where are you, trog.  ow.  hmm, satellite's still not online. huh.    he cut right in front of me.  arrest him.  me. you were speeding, lady.  work it out, brother. i'm on a break.  a long break.  285 has been here.  the satellite. it's online.  it looks like it's the end of the line for the cart, guys.  aba tooka.  how fortuitous.  he's led us directly to the observatory.  perhaps we could throw the creature off balance by rotating the building underneath it.  a rotating building. cool.  be still my heart.  the stellarscope 997b.  isn't she beautiful.  uh, yeah.  how do we move the building.  lilo: get ready to catch him.  ha ha ha.  it's not working.  come on, teej, me and you.  guys. no.  as long as i'm here, it can't hurt to try to make some observations.  declination, plus 60.  right ascension, minus 20.  oh, my gosh. there it is.  lilo, come look at a new planet in our solar system.  new planet.  does this thing have a focus.  here.  that's no planet.  that's a gerbilshaped satellite.  a what now.  a satellite. gerbilshaped.  with words on the side.  "hands off, loser life form.  "experiment locator.  "property of dr. j. v. hamsterviel.  this satellite is not gerbilshaped, " let me see that.  loser life form is right.  some discovery i made.  it is important.  hamsterviel is an evil alien rodent.  we've gotta take it down.  i was under the impression you islanders were easygoing.  stitch, i know you're on vacation, but i need you.   gus.  i tried to stop 'em. i really did.  hey, teej, i found another pretty pink shell.  the two of them, they just lost their heads.  they didn't stand a chance.  they didn't stand a chance.  hee hee hee.  aah. aah.  if we can't figure out a way to destroy hamsterviel's evil satellite circling earth, he'll be able to capture and control hundreds of alien experiments.  and at that point, gus, i don't think any of us stand a chance.  take that, you sand castle builders.  get 'em.  hamsterviel's about to take over the galaxy, and everybody's on vacation.  looks like it's up to us three to stop that satellite.  but how.  lax has got us trapped in this observatory.  perhaps galileo has some ideas.  actually, gretchen, i've been searching online scientific libraries, and i've begun to develop a plan of action.  watch out.  thankfully the fall doesn't seem to have damaged galileo's processor.  galileo, you were just about to tell us your plan.  don't ask me. i'm clocked out, babe.  hey, did you know i have solitaire loaded on here.  galileo never calls you babe.  my computer's on vacation now, too.  but that's impossible.  ..  unless the ray works on machines, too.  and that gives me an idea.  if we could get lax to fire his ray through that telescope, it might make the satellite go on vacation.  it's certainly worth a try.  it will require some sophisticated calculations, which, thanks to lax having disabled galileo, i must now do by hand.  now all we gotta do is catch lax.  whoa. aah.  hey. whoa.  hey, guys.  who wants to play lax golf.  it's a new game. it's fun.  the object is to hit golf balls at the alien experiment up on top of the observatory.  first kid to knock him off the roof wins.  obviously, that kid's gonna be me.  ha ha.  excuse me.  fore.  huh.  thank you.  it's ok, don't be scared.  we just wanna catch you and use you to make an evil satellite go on vacation.  lilo, i've very nearly figured out the vectors we'll need to disable the satellite.  no.  oh, my.  gretchen, please tell me ..  before youno, i'm afraid i haven't.  we're doomed.  but it shouldn't take me very much longer.  i just need to tweak these coordinates a bit.  but you got zapped by lax.  don't you wanna give up doing any work and goof off.  gracious, no.  for me, work is fun.  ..fun.  if one views their work as fun, one's life is more rewarding, less stressful.  akin to, well, recess.  like turning an experiment hunt into a golf game.  help. help.  hey, lax. over here.  uhoh.  aka tookie.  stitch, you saved me.  yeah. big fun.  people, we had better move if we want to destroy that satellite.  we just need your lazy ray for one minute.  ready, gus.  all set here. gretchen.  i never wished to apply my knowledge to the advancement of weaponry, but, in this case, i'll make an exception.  lax, fire at will.  lilo: it's working.  getting warmer, warmer.  what theooh. wow.  cool.  no.  it would seem that our plan has proven extremely effective.  thanks, gretchen.  the whole universe owes you big time.  you, too, little guy.  thanks.  cowabunga.  well, well, well.  it's beautiful.  and it couldn't have happened to a nastier guy than hamsterviel.  i'll tell him you said that.   let me guess, another alien.  silence.  i'll just be taking the experiment now, andaah.   hide and seek   not it.  i'm glad lax's ray finally wore off, and you guys are back to normal.  did you end up finding a good home for lax.  yeah, i think he's gonna be real happy.  hey, keep those stinking things away from me.  hey, would you people mind.  i'm on an important business call here.  yeah, j.b. i'm still here.  i can be reached all week.  no. no. no. i hate the beach.  there's no fax machine out there.  heh heh. sacha.  huh.  ..  i'm on vacation.  stitch and i are really gonna miss you guys.  hey, why don't you come back with us.  sorry, we've got a kitchen to go clean up.  we're gonna make a game out of it.  um, guys, i hate to spoil our little goodbye party, but where the hang is finster.  muriel, shouldn't you check in on those kids of yours.  quiet.  we don't mention those miscreants on spa premises.  muriel.  rolf, you got a set of palms on you.  ooh, baby.  no wonder they call this place paradise.  captioning made possible byabc cable network group captioning performed bythe national captioning institute, inc.  . are gonna do it all .  mom. phineas and ferb are making a title sequence.  ndace: mom, the remote's not working.  you know, you could get up and walk five feet and change the channel the old fashioned way.  be for real, mom. i'd rather watch this stupid nature show.  i'll get batteries while i'm out.  man : this week on walking with nature: one of the world's slowest creatures, chelonia mydas, the sea turtle.  five feet, huh.  nah, still not worth it.  well, ferb, time to make the sunniest day ever.  i guess it's already as sunny as it's gonna get.  wow, it's not even lunchtime and we're already done with today's project.  think about it, ferb.  that means we have the rest of the day to do another project.  it's like having two days in one.  can't ask for better than that.  hey, perry, do you have any cool ideas for projects.   that's an egg.  perry laid an egg.  you know what this means, don't you.  we're gonna have two perrys.  congratulations, old boy, you're gonnahey, where's perry.   how did you like our new pneumatic transporter.  i used it myself this morning.  what. oh, who am i kidding.  the new pneumatic transporter sucks.  i mean, literally sucked every piece of hair off my body.  anyhoo, doofenshmirtz has bought up the tristate's entire supply of krill.  krill.  karl: krill is a small shrimplike creature that plays an important role in the diet of the humpback whale.  hmph. krill.  you know, ferb, perry's egg is getting kind of cold.  no, i don't think that's gonna cut it.  this calls for desperate measures.  we need the ultimate, bestever egg hatcher.  ferb, i know what else we're gonna do today.  five feet for popcorn, fine.  five feet to change a channel, i don't think so.  tv narrator: this turtle is seeing the world for the first time.  hey, this little fella's kind of cute.  here's one that's found himself in the unforgiving position of being stuck on his back.  watch as he instinctively turns to his stomach.  whoa. cool.  but the sea turtles' struggles are just beginning.  without the protection of their mother, they face many predators.  as you can see, they make easy prey, even though the safety of the ocean is a mere five feet away.   all right, ferb, let's get our nurture on.  easy does it. there.   activating temperature control.   initiating platypus lullaby loop cycle.   nothing says "mother's love" like a giant, robotic platypus butt.  unbeknownst to the delicate infant turtle, it's caught the eye of a sea hawk and he's looking for a meal.   sadly, the sea hawk wins this battle.  unlike humans, sea turtles don't have a mother to protect them through these crucial moments of infancy.   what's that.    hey, candace.  perry laid an egg.  it's okay, little guy.  candace is here to protect you.  what are you doing to this precious gift of life.  after perry left his egg unattended, we decided it would be best if we watched over it for him.  given the rudimentary needs of the average egg, we calculated the heat transfer due to elemental exposure, plus the positive developing life responses to familiar and expected sound and factored in the obvious visual surroundings.  the result was the platadroid.  but since we were pressed for time, we only built the platyposterior.  that's so wrong in so many ways, i don't even know where to start.  an egg is like a little baby.  it needs a living, breathing mother.  it needshold on one second.  okay, let's do this thing for real.  . doofenshmirtz holding a bucket .   ah, perry the platypus. )