 of this pepperonismelling prison and take over the stinking galactic alliance.  ha ha ha ha ha ha.  but sir, ino buts.  unless it is yours in a sling if you do not deliver within 48 hours. goodbye.  so, uh, tell me, how many experiments do you really have.  counting the 17 hamsterviel sent, ..  17.   oh, that's rich.  you are so hosedbuddy.  higooaah.  625, i'm going to make you an offer you won't refuse.  ..   full blueprints for galactic federation star cruiser 1838.  gantu's ship. thanks, jumba.  we're gonna rescue all of stitch's cousins.  especially angel.  . what do u want to bng that evil, little female monster .  she'sshe's no angel.  grr.  aah. aah.  stitch, no.  you shouldn't talk about angel like that, pleakley.  stitch is in love with her.  fascinating.  this thing called love.  on earth, love is the strongest thing of all, love nest of doom.  " sounds like very powerful force for evil.  perhaps i will study it.  i guess i could stand to bone up on love, too.  what do you say you and i work together, jumba.  what do you say, eh, no.  aw, come on, it'll be fun.  i bet we figure out what makes love tick in a jiffy.  and distill love into formula for allconquering evil.  why not.  ok. is deal. come.  we go begin plannings.  come on, stitch.  we've got our own planning to do.  can't believe i'm doin' this.  hey, felix, tickle dummy, you don't scare me.  i'm not ticklish.  what's your name. i forget. ha.  oh, fudgie, come on, ya messed your container.  hunkahunka, love you.  well, well, hiya, hotcakes.  ..  hey, hey, hey, what's with the 'tude.  i just work here, but, uh, i got a proposition for you.  your song turns people evil, but if you sing it backwards, it turns 'em good, right.  yeah, so here's what i'm thinkin': you sing your song backwards, turn me good, and i break you out of here.  what do ya say.    ah, that's beautiful.  too bad it's a total waste of time.  i'm immune to your little siren song, remember.  but you have done very well in furthering my plan.  good job, 625.  you've been duped, little pink trog.  625 was recording your every note.  now all i have to do is broadcast this tape across the island backwards and all the experiments will revert to evil.   naga.  ..  aw, sorry, sweet lips.  he made me an offer i couldn't refuse: unlimited lifetime supply of sandwiches.  pbbt.  ok, i've got a rescue plan based on these blueprints.  now all we have to d is gather the troops.  ow.  come on, sample.  sample:  cccome on, sample    cccome on, sasasample   ..ple   now just one more thing.  hey, jumba.  eh, what do you want.  i'm busy working on recipe for freezedried instant love made from dried forgetmenots and shredded books of smushy poetry.  just add water.  yeah. good luck with that.  i just wanted to see if you had any unactivated pods that could help our escape plan.  eh, don't know.  eh, check shoe box under bed.  hmm. "experiment 120".  120 is havoc wreaker of all havoc wreakers, designed for to foil enemy plans by any possible means.  is worst experiment to activate when making complex rescue missions.  i got the hose, jumba.  let's test that freezedried love.  . aah.  aah.  oh, no. get him.  ow. aah. uhh. ooh.  there he is.  we've gottaoh, no, no.  120 will turn any plan to catch him to shambles.  only hope is maybe to catch by accident.  i hope love can overcome this.  hey surfers, we're going behind the scenes of the latest disney movie.  .movie surfers.  surfers, music is the heart and soul of new orleans.  and it plays a big part in the princess and the frog, a movie that returns to disney's classic roots where songs help tell the story.  we have a handsome prince in our story who's a big jazz fanatic, who's visiting new orleans.  prince naveen's passion for jazz starts on the wrong note when he meets mystery man dr. facilier.  a tip of the hat from dr. facilier.  he's a schemer.  one minute i'm a prince charming and handsome and then the next thing i know i'm tripping over these.  so one little tiny kiss.  just one kiss.  unless you beg for more.  leads to one massive adventure.  once tiana and naveen become frogs, this movie is head for the bayou.  and so are we.  in these woody swamps your likely to run into some pretty dangerous characters.  why are those logs moving.  those are not logs.  i got dibs on the big one.  not the safest place for a pair of clumsy frogs.  fortunately, our hopping heroes get some help along the way.  we have a cajun firefly named ray.  women like a man with a big fat pouch.  ray helped show them the light.  excuse me.  then there's louis, he's a big gator with a little problem.  i want to be human too so i can play jazz with the big boys.  and mama odie.  gumbo, gumbo in the pot watch ya got.  the fairy godmother who defies description.  not bad for a 197 year old blind lady.  she's a very positive spiritual element in the movie.  do you understand what you need now child.  it's a universal story.  i need to dig a little deeper.  you should always follow your dreams.  always.  come on y'all.  you dream big.  these characters are so alive.  ah, a shidanza it's a fairytale and musical.  it's a real adventure.  it's going to be good.  well surfers, that's just a taste of new orleans and disney's the princess and the frog.  in theaters now.  see you later alligator.    y'all serious.  lilo: ok, listen up, troops.  stitch and i have broken into gantu's ship before, but this time, we've got to break people out, too.  ..  ..  hangs in the balance.  we are gonna train for this mission until our trainers are sore.  there's nothing out there than can stop us.   computer: warning, experiment 120 activated.  primary function: discombobulates enemy plans.  i'm not interested.  my new plan will bring hundreds of new experiments into play.  ya know, if this works out, i'm gonna be set for life.  maybe you could come over for a sandwich sometime, huh.  naga tonie.  naga tonie.  625, let's move.  ok, ok, i'm comin'.  why don't you leave her alone.  it'll never work out.  says you. i think she likes me.  ok, troops, we've created an obstacle course to work on your conditioning.  show 'em how it's done, stitch.  okey taga. pheyah. pbbt.  whoohoo. ha ha ha ha.  ha ha. hee hee ha ha ha.  tada.  now, huddle up.  remember, your cousins are counting on us to rescue them, and love can overcome anything.  so let's tear up that obstacle course.  all: break.  whoa.  aw.  huh.  right in the kisser.  wha.  oh.  i can't believe i did this for sandwiches.  but then again, sandwiches.  the plan is simple.  one: drive the ice cream truck.  2: play the tape. now go.  ok. ok.  but, if i'm wearing this dorky hat, my lifetime sandwich supply better include pickles.  how are we gonna break 18 cousins out of gantu's ship.  we can't even overcome an obstacle course.  little girl.  come look in kitchen.  there's something for to be cheering up.  look. basket full of puppies.  wow. where'd you get 'em.  a very nice young man in front of the supermarket gave them to me absolutely free.  according to my earth research, the very simplest form of earth love is puppy love.  i am thinking our experiment should begin at simplest level.  extracting essence of love from puppies.  no.  you can't experiment on puppies.  hey, i got some news for you guys.  gantu has left the building.  he's gone out with 625, and they have a plan to turn every single experiment back to evil, but 120 is gonna foul up their plan, and in the meantime, gantu's place is empty.  come on, stitch.  it's time to rescue your cousins.  especially angel.  and, you two, take those puppies back to the supermarket.  she didn't say when.   ok, here goes nothing.  gantu:  daisy, daisy    give me your answer, do   wha.  no. that's my karaoke tape.   all for the love of you    it won't be a stylish marriage    i can't afford a carriage   you know i'd stop, but, uh, this is kind of fun.  hee hee hee.  ok, everybody knows what to do.  all: yeah.  sparky, you're up first.  you make a power surge to knock out gantu's weapon system.  no.  that's supposed to deactivate the weapons, not activate them.  experiment 120 fouled up my plans.   hey, everyone.  with all the infoon all things disney 365 days a year ..  . it's always summertime .  i'm tiffany,celebrating the holidays at the magic kingdomat walt disney world in florida, as the guys get ready fordisney parkschristmas day parade.  and i'm robby, here atdisneyland resort in california, as demi lovato startsher holiday party too.  that's right.let's get started.  . simply having .  . a wonderful christmastime .  so, demi, are youcelebrating the holidays with yoursonny with a chancecast members.  we've been spendinga lot of time together shooting all the episodes.  they're kind of likemy family now, and that's who you spend itwith during the holidays.  this is your first time in the parade.  what's it like.  my first time in the paradeit's really, really awesome.  being on a float is way cool.  i feel like a princess.  what song are you singing in the parade.  i'm singing a wonderful christmastime.  and how did you put your own twist on that song.  i did my own vocal tricks and just kind of put a little "demi flair" on it.  thanks, demi.  can you send us to tiffany with kevin, joe, and nick.  take it away, guys.thanks, demi.  in 2010, disney parks are celebrating the spirit of giving back.  it's give a day, get a disney day.  go to disneyparks.com for more info.  so how are you guys giving back.  just trying to reach outto kids and inspire them and hopefully get themto be involved themselves.  what song you guys singing in the parade.  we're gonna be singing a song calledsummertime anthem.  and pretty much it's about having the holidays all year round.  and we love the holidays, and when it comes around, we get really excited.  so why can't we have that even during the summer.  . the weatherman says snow .  . but it's burning up outside .  so what are you guys doing with your family for the holidays.  we've been on the road for about eight and half months this year, so it'll be time for us to spend some time down at the house and just enjoy it with the family.  we're really excited.  okay,disney parks christmas day parade airs christmas morning on abc.  i'm tiffany. i'm nick.  i'm joe. and i'm kevin.  ..  all:disney 365.  happy holidays.  zuggi. digiwah.  bonnie and clyde, do your break in thing.  ok, sample.  you stay out here.  count to 242 to give us time to get to the other cousins.  then, if the coast is clear, you crow like a rooster.  242.  crow. crow. crow.  meep. meep.  stitch, do you think you can break into this door.  angel's in there.  con jitaway. zissziss.   aloha,cousins.  tickletummy.  fibber.  amnesio.  angel.  aloha,angel.  ha ha ha.  iiiwe're gonna break you all out of here.  we just gotta wait for the all clear from sample.   that's it.  this should be the switch that opens the containers.  warhuh. my ship.  sample. no.  .  ha ha ha.  you.  there's always a snafu when you're around.  but you're not gonna keep me from releasing the other cousins.  then again, he could've rewired the panel.  ha ha ha.  huh.  looks like you've snafued yourself this time.  oh. angel.  i guess i was wrong.  love can't overcome everything.   love.  hay.  ..yes.  love.  stitch loves angel.  mica tay boojiboo.  mica tay boojiboo.  mica tay boojiboo.  chipee chipa.  tot boojiboo.  i was right.  love can overcome anything.  it can't overcome my blaster.  ow.  everybody, run.  no. stop. wait.  come back.  625, stop them.  ha ha. i can't.  oh, i lied.  oh. i'm ticklish.  you think you can get away.  not once i activate the emergency security barriers.  aah.  .  do you have my experiments.  thththey are all escaping.  why are you letting them go, you feeble excuse for a pathetic minion.  3 years and you have failed at everything except failing, and failure.  and you are badly in need of a pedicure.  and you still owe me a lifetime supply of sandwiches.  oh, grisnak.  whoohoo.  all: yay.  jumba. pleakley.  little girl.  little monster.  both: we did it.  jumba and i have found the secret of love.  and distilled into frosty beverage.  is formula of 2 parts melted valentines chocolate, one cup sand from beaches where long walks are taken, and 2 jiggers puppy dog saliva.  you mainly extracted it.  prepare to experience the conquering power of love.  bleh.  the only thing that's gonna overcome is my gag reflex.   maybe needs, uh, coconut.  you guys are silly.  love doesn't come from valentine chocolates or flowers or even puppy dogs.  it comes from here, in your heart.  which, in my case, would be about here.  everybody has love in him somewhere.  even aliens and wasp mummies.  you just have to find it.  and now, all we have to do is find the one place each of you truly belongs.  this is gonna be a little tricky.  shall we get started, stitch. stitch.  i'll be home later.  i love you, too, stitch.  captioning made possible byabc cable networks group captioning performed bythe national captioning institute, inc.   there's 104 days of summer vacation    then school comes along just to end it    so the annual problem for our generation    is finding a good way to spend it    like, maybe    building a rocket or fighting a mummy    or climbing up the eiffel tower    discovering something that doesn't exist   hey.   or giving a monkey a shower    surfing tidal waves, creating nanobots    or locating frankenstein's brain   it's over here.   finding a dodo bird, painting a continent    or driving our sister insane   phineas.   as you can see    there's a whole lot of stuff to do    before school starts this fall   come on, perry.   so stick with us 'cause phineas and ferb    are gonna do it all    so stick with us 'cause phineas and ferb    are gonna do it all   mom.  phineas and ferb aremaking a title sequence.  captioning made possible bydisneyabc cable networksroup dad: do you know, kids,this theater was built over 70 years agoin this neoegyptian style.  and apparently there used to be a whole pharaoh's tomb display with a mummy in a sarcophagus.  i mean, you couldn't pick a better place to watch a classic, old mummy movie.  there's an inscription here.  anan incantation of some sort.  " dad, where do you find a mummy.  hidden deep in the bowels of the pyramids.   oops, better put this on vibrate.  the incantation will make the mummy come to life and obey your commands.  well, beat me with a chicken.    stop. cool.  dad, is it hard to get into a pyramid.  yes, indeed.  often you had to negotiate various booby traps that were set centuries before.  you ridiculous mummy.  you've just tripped one of your own booby traps.  she's gonna blow.  aah.  awesome booby trap.  ferb, we should get our own mummy.   ba ba bada ba    let me tell you about my buddy    he's 3,000 years old    he's wrapped in bandages and covered in mold and debris    my undead mummy and me   mmm    if a bully ever tries to poke me in the eye    i'll introduce him to my decomposing guy    and he'll flee  aah.   from my undead mummy and me      all the kids at school are going to have a conniption    when they get a load of my funky egyptian emcee     my undead mummy and me    yeah    undead mummy and me   that would be awesome.  dad, can we come on, ferb, we'll be back before he wakes up.  ohh, those bozos aren't pulling anything on my watch.  ecch.  hey, ferb, where's perry.  morning, agent p.  doofenshmirtz is at it again.  it appears that he's purchased a string of odd items"one pound of blood sausage"uh, that's my grocery list.  "one magnet, "one map of the city's drainage pipes, " it's in your hands now, agent p.  over and out.  computer: dive. dive. dive.  employee, sir, where's the mummy exhibit.  manager assistance requested.  yes.  these boys want to know where the mummy exhibit is.  it's in storage in the basement. )