 i'll be home for christmas, double "d," because santa claus is coming.  let me be the first to say how happy i am for you, ed, but you're stretching my mittens.  santa is coming soon.  uh. oh. uh. ed the elf has fixed it.  as i was saying, i brought you what once was a poinsettia, ed.  aww. hug.   oh, dear. chin up, edward.  ignore his odor. smile.  let the spirit of the season take" 'tis the season, ed.  'tis.  the warmth, ed.  that fuzzy feeling is the spirit of the holiday.  spirit. from here, ed.  my udder.  you certainly know how to tax one's patience, ed.   eddy. santa is coming to my house.  yeah, right, and i'm a little leprechaun looking for his pot of gold.   i hate christmas.  oh, come now, eddy. surely you jest.  eddy.  you know what.  i found my parents' christmas stash, " you did what.  oh, eddy, how could you have been so selfish.  all your parents' trustshattered.  shame on you.  excuse me. pardon me. excuse me.  hey, you know it, and i know itchristmas is the one time of year when parents are supposed to buy you everything you want, and all i got was lameo clothes.  hold it right there, mister.  the true meaning of christmas isn't about materialistic needs or selfish wants.  rather, it comes from here.  that's my udder you're touching.   silly eddy, parents don't bring presents.  santa does.  oh, boy, oh, boy, oh, boy, i am such a lucky elf.  it's like a nightmare before christmas, " hello.  i've never seen so many socks, and the underweara kid shouldn't have to see that kind of stuff.  well, eddy, i, for one, think you just need to adopt a better attitude.  "i think you need to adopt a better" adopt. stay with me.    i wake up.  it's christmas morning, but i'm in someone else's house, and i cash in on their sweet presents.  i'm putting myself up for adoption, double " adoption.  but, eddy, you can't forsake your own family.  it's christmas, eddy.  that's right, and i want presents.  you'll regret this, eddy.  don't turn your back on the true meaning of christmas.  santa is not going to like this one bit, double d.  can't wait to see what i'm gonna get this yearcan't wait to see what i'm gonna get this yearmaybe a car, maybe a diamond watch.   where did the snow go.  ho ho ho, jonny, boy.   yeeowch.  ha ha ha.  i'm jack frost, and plank is mr. snowflake.  why, you dirtylisten up, jonny. it's the darnedest thing.  i was just walking down the street when a reindeer swoops down and lands right beside me.  no way, jose.  way, and he had a note in his mouth, a telegram from santa.  right on.  santa says that he got so fat over the summer, he can't fit down my chimney.  so he's gonna leave my presents at your house.  my house. what are you waiting for.  make yourself at home, eddy.  do you want to warm up by the fire.  ha ha. because you can't. it's ice, see.  i'm jack frost, and he's mr. snowflake.  i heard you the first time, you baldheaded..   ice.  each christmas, we bring winter inside, eddy.  it's our family tradition, a small thanks to mother nature for everything she has given us.   yow.  nipped your nose, eddy.  whoa.  presents.  hey, jack, get me an ice pick, will you.  i want to see what i got.  ice pick.  " so what are you waiting for.  it'll take all night to crack these babies open.  what's this.  what's that.  see you.  aah.  aah.  waah.  whooooa.  aaaah.   we're onto your shtick, eddy.  mr. snowflake had you figured from the getgo.  you're nothing but a greedy pete trying to steal our christmas.  yow.  eh, who needs you.  i got a million christmases on this block.      woe is me. woe is me.  look at you, ed, boy.  why does your face sag like papa's pouting parsnips.  my parents were attacked by renegade baggage handlers, rolf, and they took all my presents.  scoundrels.  rolf is wise to the ways of the tote handlers.  still, they are a higher caste than a son of a shepherd.  rolf cannot help you in this matter.  no. wait. i beg you.  i've got no christmas, rolfno presents, no family, no nothing.  please, rolf.  you have pulled rolf's eggplant, halfman, halfwoman ed, boy.  come, grab the tail of a shepherd's joy, and join in rolf's traditions of seasonal mirth.   behold the toil of 24 days, ed, boya celebration of whatnots, bangles, knickknacks, gewgaws, an assortment of cured, smoked, poached, and other festive mammal flesh.  you can smell it a mile away, stretch.  who's the bearded troll.  ha ha ha.  you cramp rolf's bowels.  surely, you recognize the great yeshmyek, she who lives in the center of the earth, where she prepares the holiday feast for good males and females.  let us sing in honor of her great stewing.   deep below the dirt and rocks    there lives a bearded maiden fair   whose kitchen pot is bigger than her size of underwear   hey.     yeshmyek, who peels the root and grinds the sausage with her boot   yeshmyek, who cures the meat   then stuffs the fruit in sugar beets    yeshmyek, who salts the pork    and stabs it with her silver fork    yeshmyek, who cuts the cheese    and gives the loaf of bread a squeeze   but should your chores be never done, your feeble arms too weak to toil, yeshmyek will surely come and throw you in the pot to boil.   yeshmyek, who smokes the fish and lays a slab on every dish    yeshmyek, who guts the hare and seasons it with special care   hold it, hold it, hold it.  rolf does not take requests, ed, boy.  sorry.  so when do i rake in on the cool presents.  presents. what presents.   yeshmyek, who bastes the lamb    and spits the glaze on every ham    yeshmyek, who bakes a strudel, pickles fig, and strings a noodle    yeshmyek, who  what's a guy got to do to find a normal christmas around here.  there must be a way to get through to eddy what the spirit of christmas is about.  double d, look what i madea picture for santa's wallet.  i'm the one without the hat.  that's very nice, ed, but it saddens me to see our friend lost and so confused.  i just know deep inside him, a flame flickers for the blessings of this holiday.  perhaps it's time for fate to lend a helping hand.  ..  andthe two of nature'ssweetest wonders now in newsun crystals.  the only 100%natural sweetener made with pure canesugar and stevia.  with just 5 calories a packet.  new sun crystalsallnatural sweetener.   hey, eddy.  merry christmas, dude.  aw, you look cold. why don't you come in.  we got lots of candy canes, and i'm sure ..  i like your christmas.  you have to help me put this up.  you know what happens when someone catches you under the mistletoe, don't you, eddy.  heh heh heh.  what the heck is it.  it's a sign, stupid.  wieners and pennies.  it's a coat.  come on. we're getting closer.  so if christmas is about giving, how come i ain't getting.  a present.  where are you going.  hark, the herald angels sing, eddy.  i bring you tidings of great joy.  and lo, an angel showed up as they counted their flock of chickens in the night.  forsake your journey, eddy.  you are not beyond the path of redemption.  you can still return to the path of goodwill and peace among your fellownice shot, eddy.  uh.  yaah.  it's not too late to embrace the joy of the season, eddy.  fa la la la la, eddy.    feliz navidad.  hey, jimmy, check out the wings.  are you a christmas angel.  how did you guess.  every year, eddy the christmas angel shares with someone else in the spirit of giftgiving, and this year happens to be your year.  what's mine is mine, and what's yours is mine, get it.  hello.  where's the presents.  quickly, i must show you something.   gimme, gimme, gimme.  what. so.  it's my holly, jolly christmas village, silly.  nothing says "joyeux noel" like the gingery scent of gingerbread sailors out on a sugarglazed wintertime shore leave.  smells good enough to eat.  oh, and look at this.  finally. presents.  if you mean the presence of delectable decorative baking, then yes. ha ha ha.  why settle for blase pats of butter when, using only simple cookie cutters, one can create a festive holiday assortment of butter shapes to smear onto fresh, toasty buns.  having my own angel is so exciting, i've got to tinkle.  be right back.   did you know that you can dazzle your guests with miniature mashedpotato snowmen using an ordinary icecream scoop.  my christmas villagedestroyed, devastated, and digested.  these cookies are to die for.  you.    jimmy, where is he.  aah. just a couple of presents.  it's christmas, for pete's sake.  scram.  whoa.   and stay out.  oh, eddy, why.  ed, it appears our efforts have had no effect on eddy's complete and utter lack of christmas cheer.  just a couple of guys wearing dresses on christmas eve, huh, double d.  all is not lost, ed, for this angel still has one more trick up his robe.  "  kev. wait up.  ha ha ha.   uh, adopt me, bro. it's christmas.  yeah, right.  no. wait. it's my parents.  they were kidnapped by aborigines.  i need a present for the ransom, or they'll cut off their toenails.  toenailsgone forever, i swear.  man, you're pathetic.  fine. wait here.  hook, line, and stinker.  here. i hope you like it.  what is it. don't tell me.  let me guess. too late.   merry christmas, dork. ha ha ha.  let me in, kev, please.  all i want is a good christmas.   i love christmas.  i can't wait till tomorrow.  oh. yeah.  you did it.  a big hug for my little man.  what did i do.  you replaced the bulb, eddy.  the tree needed a light, and i put one in.  big whoop.  you made an unselfish gesture.  you gave willingly of your heart without thought of your own gain.  this is the gift of giving, eddy.  this is what the spirit of christmas is all about.  it is. hey, that didn't hurt a bit.  actually, it feels kind of good, double d, because christmas ain't about what you find under a tree.  christmas is about what you find in your heart.  cool.  that's lovely.  that's beautiful. i like that.  that tree glows as though it were touched by an angel.  it's absolutely beautiful.  awesome, to say the least.  rolf basks in the warmth of the glowing wood.  " ho ho ho. merry christmas.  ho ho ho.  santa.  take me with you.  i ed. you santa. we good.  sack.  presents.  presents.  this one is for jonny and plank, "to sarah," "to jimmy," "to nazz," and kevin, rolf, double d, and me.  jackpot. where did it go.  what thenot cool. come back here.  away.  ha ha ha.  ed, eddy has stolen saint nicholas' satchel of intermutual yuletide bestowals.   the presents, ed. eddy has taken the presents.  santa's presents.   ha ha ha.   eddy, how wrong can you be in this most wonderful time of the year.  reconsider your actions.  what is it to be, young mannaughty or nice.  i'm the one who gave willingly from his heart.  back off. the sack is mine.  santa brought presents for all the good little boys and girls, eddy.  s sack is mine. give it.  santa's, eddy.  gentlemen, please.  santa's sack.  it's mine.  goodwill. peace on earth.  it's santa's.  mine.  santa's, eddy.  oh, dear.  of all the nogoodit's ok, jimmy.   here today, gone tomorrow, yes.  yay. yay.  where did the sack go. you idiot. my presents.  can it be.  3 kings who have traveled afar.  we come bearing gifts.  see. mold.  i brought franks and cents.  and fur.  well, this image certainly has the christmas spirit.  now it's time for our gift.  payback. christmas kisses all around.  we ain't talking on the cheeks, either.   run away.  wait. what are you doing. i'm an angel.  stop.  i'm too young.  oh, boy.  no. no. no. wait a second.  we wish you a merry christmas   we wish you a merry christmas   we wish you a merry christmas    and a happy new year    good tidings we bring to you and your kin    good tidings for christmas and a happy new year   captioning made possib captioned by the nationalcaptioning institute www.ncicap.org tis the season to be jolly    falalalala, lalalala   merry christmas, everybody.  i know rabbits are normally associated with easter, but me, i'm all about the winter holidays.  if you ask me, there's no better time to come out of your own little hole and celebrate the spirit of giving with everybody you see.   hey.  watch where you point that thing, you big palooka.    good morning, mr. duck.  i told that pig to bhere. )