opening shot: a shot of the skyline of townsville at night. amidst the shadows and lighted windows of the skyscrapers, a light emanates from the center of the shot.]  narrator: the city of townsville.    narrator:  is in some serious serious serious trouble.    narrator: day after day, crime, lawlessness and evil are running rampant. its citizens have lost all hope. they are utterly helpless and in desperate need of a true hero. but who. is there no one who can help this forsaken town and make it a better place.    narrator: fear not, fair viewers. for there is a man, a man of science. a forward thinking man who looks back. back to a sweeter time, when there was a spice to life and everything was nice.    narrator: i must profess, sir, this man, holds the ingredients to townsvilles salvation.    narrator: this man known simply as    narrator:  the professor.      middle girl: hi.  professor:  aah.  middle girl: whats your name.  professor: oh um, my name. my name is professor. professor utonium.  hello.  girls : hello, professor utonium. its very nice to meet you.  professor: its very nice to meet you too. umm.. what are your names.  middle girl: well, you made us, so shouldnt you also name us.  professor: umm okay. ohh.. this is so cool. . well, now lets see.. because of your directness and opening right up to me, i think ill call you blossom.    professor: well, arent you all cute and bubbly. thats it. youll be my little bubbles. so, we have blossom, bubbles, and    professor: mmm buttercup. because it also begins with a b.    professor: and together you are three perfect little gi gi gifts. birthday. its your birthday. i should get gifts.    professor: wow. i cant believe it. i wanted to create some kids i could teach good and bad, right and wrong, and in turn maybe theyd do some good for this terrible town, and now i can. all i got to do is be a good parent.    professor: note to self good parents dont leave their kids home alone.    professor: sugar, spice and everything nice, who would have guessed thats what little girls were actually made of. i still cant believe it worked, that i actually made three perfect little girls. three perfect, normal little gi ahh.    blossom: professor, you should be more careful when coming down the steps. you could get hurt.    buttercup: hey, are these for us.    buttercup: yeah.  bubbles: yippee.  blossom: thanks, professor.    buttercup: hey, thanks.     blossom: yes professor, thank you.     bubbles: this is the best gift ever dad.    professor:  yes it is.      professor: okay girls, now watch me.    professor: i think you missed a spot.  professor: now we just have to put in the furnitu    professor: whoa ho ho. this looks pretty good. what do you think.  bubbles: mmm i think its a little dark.  buttercup: well, i like it dark.  blossom: some windows might be nice.  professor: yeah. i could see some windows right about.. here. ill call a contractor tomor    professor: or that works too. whos hungry.    blossom: ready.    bubbles, buttercup: ready.  blossom: go.      professor: okay girls, time for    professor:  bed.  [) picking up books, he focuses on a piece of paper left on the floor, then smiles broadly. it is a drawing done by bubbles, of the three girls and professor, drawn crudely but adorably.]    professor: wake up girls, time for school.  girls : whats school.    teacher: this is school. im your teacher, ms. keane, and this is where kids come to learn. see.    boy #1: hey, you wanna play.    professor: umm do you think theyll be okay. cause im new at this parenting thing, and i wanted to come and meet you, and see them off on their first day, cause theyre really special. i mean really special, and i just want to make sure theyll be okay so so what do you think. do you think theyll be okay.    ms. keane: theyll be just fine, professor. well see you at noon.    professor: okay bye girls, bye. bye. buhbye. bye. uh bye.    ms. keane: okay class, take your seats.    girl #1: ms. keane, can blossom sit with us.  girl #2: can we sit with bubbles.    mitch: can buttercup sit over here.    ms. keane: the girls can sit right here in the middle, so theyll be next to everyone.  now, lets begin.    ms. keane: hello professor, right on time. your girls are right outside with the other children.    professor: oh no. look at this mess. ohh, i knew the girls would be a handful, but im so sorry.  ms. keane: what, this.  this is what happens when you put twenty little kids in one room. your girls were perfect. perfect, normal, wellbehaved little girls.  professor: nothing out of the ordinary.  keane: no, like what.  [). buttercup and blossom watch on as bubbles plays hopscotch, throwing a stone to the second square and hopping there. blossom approves while buttercup frowns.]  blossom: that was sweet.  buttercup: whats the point of this game anyway.    mitch: tag. youre it.     blossom: whoa. everyones running from that girl. its like shes been infected.  buttercup: maybe shes a freak.  bubbles: yeah, and they hate her.    girl #3: tag, youre it.  bubbles: oh no. ive been infected.    mitch: all right, whats going on here.  bubbles: ive been infected.  mitch:  youre not infected, its just a game.  bubbles: it is.  mitch: yeah.  blossom: a game. neat.  buttercup: yeah, how do we play.  mitch:  okay, look: its very simple. bubbles, tag me.    mitch: come on, its okay.    mitch: all right, now im it. and all you gots to do to play is tag someone else.  and theyre it.  by the way, youre it.   buttercup: awesome, im it.  what do i do, what do i do, what do i do..  mitch:  just tag someone else. and theyre it.    blossom: time to put it into overdrive, bubbles.    buttercup: tag. youre it.    bubbles: im gonna tag you guys now.    buttercup: ha ha. you missed us.    bubbles: ha ha. tag. youre it.    blossom: no. no, im not. tag, youre it.  buttercup: tag.  blossom: missed me. no, youre it.  buttercup: missed me.  blossom: tag.  bubbles: tag.  buttercup: gotcha.  blossom: missed me.    [) bubbles and buttercup, flying at super speed, rush through the city and over a sign that reads, you are now leaving the city of townsville]  bubbles: whee.    professor: girls, wait.  [) pausing momentarily to decide where to go, blossom zips off to the right, leaving the two onlookers to stare at her trail, before narrowly avoiding the flying debris that strikes the buildings front, notably a car, whose collision is accentuated from several angles. the professor, still in control of his vehicle, is not far behind, hanging a hard right to follow blossom. his face is marked with worry.]  professor: oh no.  [) the driver brakes hard and jerks left, ramming into a large store windowpane. destroying several more cars, blossom admires her handiwork, then gasps as she looks forward and notices the traffic jam in front of her. she narrowly zigs between the car lanes, and up onto the side of the adjacent buildings, leaving a similar gouging pattern behind her. the view adjusts sideways, as blossom runs parallel to the ground across the buildings. bubbles, for her part, seems to be enjoying this immensely, eyes closed and arms outstretched as she lets out a girlish whee. blossom sees her fly by in the opposite direction, and returning to ground again, she briefly stops at a street corner before returning alternately to the buildings and ground. now on her blonde sisters tracks, she pursues the unseen bubbles down several more streets. something catches her attention, and she stops, looking upwards with a gasp. the camera focuses in on her head. her pupils contract rapidly, with a sound similar to a lens instrument focusing in on a distant object. its a large glass dome ball atop a building, similar in form to a disco all. seeing bubbles trail in its reflective surface, blossom zooms in closer and closer to calculate her sisters location.]  blossom: subway, huh.    blossom: tag. youre it.    professor: there they go    blossom: watch out, here she comes.    buttercup: hah, suckers.    bubbles: tag, youre it.    smooth man: you know, ive got a nice car.    professor: huh.  bubbles, blossom: tag, youre it.   buttercup: hey.    blossom: shell never find us up here.    blossom: do you hear something.    blossom, bubbles: whoa. run.    buttercup: tag, youre both it.    blossom: hey. we cant both be it.  buttercup: why not.  bubbles:  tag.  blossom: what. i cant be it twice.  bubbles: why not.  blossom: okay then tag. now you guys are it.  buttercup:  tag.  bubbles:  tag.  buttercup: hey, no tagbacks.  tag.  blossom:  tag.  girls : tag tag tag tag tag tag tag.    girls : tag tag tag. youre it. no, youre it.    mayor: oh boy, oh boy, oh boy    mayor: oh boy, oh boy, oh boy    ms. bellum: oh boy is right, mayor. the town is being destroyed by three girls with freakish powers. this is a very serious situation. what action do you propose we take.    ms. bellum: dont worry gentlemen, the mayor and i have the situation under control.  mayor: oh boy.  ms. bellum: i know sir.    mayor: oh boy.  ms. bellum: you tell em, mayor. townville will not stand for this kind of behavior.    ms. bellum: uh, mayor, hello. city being destroyed. where are you going.  mayor: oh boy.   ms. bellum: mayor, what are you doing. were in a serious pickle.  mayor: exactly.    professor: girls, no.    mayor: ahem, helloooooooooo.    vendor: helloo.  mayor: the usual, cucor.    cucor:  ahh, yes, i have a fine vintage for you here. picked fresh today.    mayor: oh boy.    professor: girls, girls, are you okay.    girls : tag. youre it, professor.       professor: okay girls. girlsits almost bedtime, okay. girls.  blossom: cmon professor, youre it. gotta catch us.  professor:  yes, i suppose i do, dont i.    bubbles: eep.  professor: gotcha, you little bunny.    buttercup: help, i got gotted. blossom, watch out.  bubbles:  youre the sole survivor.    blossom: no way professor, you cant catch me.  professor:  oh yes i can, because the games over, and its your bedtime. now come up here so we can catch you.    professor: well now, three little girls had a very busy day today, didnt they.  bubbles: yeah, it was fun. we met lots of kids.  blossom: and we learned things.  buttercup: and we played tag.  professor: mmhmm. well, im glad you had so much fun because tomorrow will be a busy day too. so lets get your nighties on and into bed. theres something we should talk about.    professor: okay, everybody in.  buttercup: yup. whats up, daddyo.  professor: well, its your super powers.  im not sure how to say this, but... i dont think you should use them in public anymore.  girls : why.  professor: well, your powers are very special and unique. and although we have a lot of fun doing unique things around the house, out in townville, people just dont understand how special you girls are yet. and unfortunately, people often get scared or angry when they dont understand something special or unique.  blossom: thats silly.  professor: well, i think so too. but nonetheless, uhh take it easy with the powers tomorrow. just give townsville a little time to understand your specialness, okay.  bubbles: okay.  blossom: okay.  buttercup: yeah, yeah.  blossom: but people here are nice. things will be fine.  [) jojos voice has obviously lowered.]  jojo: hmm     professor: so, ill be waiting here to pick you up when school gets out, okay.  blossom: okay. but dont worry, professor, things are going to be fine.    ms. keane:  oh, girls. we didnt know if youd be joining us today. take your seats.    ms. keane: im sorry to say there wont be any recess for a while due to all the reconstruction. secondly, im afraid we wont have any lights or water for a while. and a broken refrigerator means snack time is out. so lets try to ignore all the workmen and noise and such and get right to work, shall we. girls, can you recite the alphabet for us.    ms. keane: girls. abcs.    girls : a b c d eeee.    construction worker: hey. goldang it. you done darn broke my board. flang dangling consarnder.    girls : f.  [) his watch beeps.]  professor: ooh. almost time to pick up the girls. better motor.    ms. bellum: let it go mayor, let it go    ms. bellum: are these your babies.  professor: why yes, but they were just playing. theyre really very good little girls. and i need to pick them up from school.  ms. bellum: i understand sir. but we really would like for you to come downtown with us so we can ask you a few questions.    professor: you guys my kids. i really ought to pick them up.  i cant just leave them there alone.    buttercup: hes not coming. he hates us, he totally hates us.    blossom: no. he probably just got held up, or, maybe the car broke or, maybe he just forgot, or  maybe he hates us.  cmon, lets try to find our way home.    blossom: were not supposed to use our powers.    blossom: come on, girls.    [), and the right tab says ctnnews ]  anchorman: yes, three super powered little girls    business man: should the manufacturing of super powered children be illegal.    mayor: a great travesty has befallen our beloved city    tall driver: i was reaching down between my legs to ease the seat back when this atomic bug buzzed in, with no fair warning.    anchorman: the devastation devastating.    old woman: cooking should be illegal.    mayor: used to be a time when you could buy an honest pickle.    tall driver: and then they were causing an eruption, and lighting up the sky    anchorman: the estimated dollars in damages, a whopping 25 million.     rocker: im offended just looking at em.    mayor: the kind that you can only find, at a pickle cart.    tall driver: now jamies crying.   reporter: well, it seems that    anchorman:  the hatred is running rampant for  [) gets a few words in]  jamaican woman: those mutant, bugeyed..  mayor: pickle cob killing.  reporter:  freaks. back to you, linda.    coanchor: they are little freaks, arent they. with more on this subject is  [) as the sounds of the different shows argue with each other, the camera reveals the girls faces, full of remorse and sadness, discovering what the town truly thinks of them. they walk off slowly, just missing an emergency broadcast as it goes off on all channels.]  anchor lady: we interrupt this program for an important news flash. arrested today in connection with the tag incident was the mad scientist responsible for creating the destructive girls  professor utonium. upon incarceration, the professor had this statement to make:    professor: please. just let me go. my girls, they need me.  they dont know im in jail.    professor: what if they try to go home themselves.    professor: they cant find their way if they dont fly.    professor: please, theyre only little girls, who are probably cold, scared, and maybe even lost.    buttercup: well, its official  i have no idea where we are.  blossom: well, i cant say its been the best day.  bubbles: but it probably couldnt get much worse.    blossom: hey, its okay. uhh.. maybe theres a box we can get in around back. come on.    blossom: see. theres a whole bunch of boxes.  [) suddenly springs up and scares her back. snake, and big billy soon follow. as a semis door opens slowly, it reveals ace, who springs forward, looking much more imposing than he ever did in the series.]  ace:  aww, whatsa matter. did somebody get washed.   [). then a clang is heard, and grubber falls down, prostate. a garbage can ricochets off the other gang members, and almost hits the girls before nimbly rebounding and returning to its throwers hand. atop the truck, cloaked in shadow and revealed by lighting, is jojo, with a billowing scarf and trench coat, with a trash bag covering his brains.]  girls : wow, thanks.    blossom: hey, wait. come back.    blossom: hey guys, over here. hi. whats your name. im blossom.  buttercup: buttercup.  bubbles: and im bubbles.    jojo: go away please do not look at me.  blossom: but we just wanted to thank you for saving us from those green gangsters back there.  buttercup: yeah, that was amazing with the trash can lid. it was all fwish, bang, crash, bam, boom.  bubbles: yeah, you rock.    jojo: no please i dare not listen. for i have been lashed by harsh tongues for too long. alas, my little ones, i do not rock. for i, jojo, am a monster.    blossom: youre not a monster. monsters are evil.  buttercup: yeah, and anybody who would save us like you did is so not evil.  bubbles: youre no monster, mister. youre just really dirty.  jojo: please youre just trying to make me feel better. but my pain is not for you to understand. besides, how could you. for you are pure and innocent, and most certainly loved.  how could you know what it is to be cast out into a world that only offers misery. how could you know what its like for people to fear and despise you for the very things that make you special.  because you dont fit in. because you are a freak.    blossom: because    blossom:  were freaks too.  jojo: what amazing powers.  blossom: no. theyre terrible.  jojo: ill bet everyone hates them.  buttercup: yeah.  jojo: and they hate you too.  bubbles:  yes    jojo: i am in the same boat. this brain  is full of brilliant ideas. but will anyone listen. no. nothing in this gray matters. so whats the point.    bubbles: oh jojo, dont be sad. our dad says that sometimes people get angry when they dont understand something special or unique.  blossom: and if you just give people time, theyll start to understand your specialness.  buttercup: yeah, you just gotta believe in yourself.    jojo:  you mean, if i take the time to construct my most ingenious plan  thehelpthetownandmakeitabetterplacemachine  then people will come to understand my specialness.  buttercup: uhh  jojo: okay, ill do it. but ill need your help.    girls : what.  jojo: jump in, take this device and build it into the volcano we need to harness the energy of the earths core for power.  blossom: what are you talking about.  jojo: the plan.  buttercup: what plan.  jojo: our plan.  bubbles: to do what.  jojo: to make the town better, of course.  girls : what.  [)]  jojo: you know, using my ideas and your powers, we will build the helpthetownandmakeitabetterplace machine. that way everyone will see that our special abilities are good, then everyone will love us. remember. it was your idea.    blossom: uhh.. oh yeah. but use our powers.  jojo: yes.  buttercup: no way.  jojo: come on.  bubbles: nuhuh. were never using our powers again.  jojo: oh girls, dont be sad. your powers are great. you just gotta believe in yourself.  [). jojo does a victory dance.]  jojo: yes. yes. yes.  blossom: we did good.  jojo: you did very good. very good indeed.   buttercup: now what do we do.  jojo: first we construct the superstructure.    jojo: look. cant you see our plan is working. our work is proceeding as planned. at last, our lives will be better. at last, we will be accepted. at last, our greatest work is complete oops.  blossom: whats wrong.  jojo: well, there is one last, teeny tiny, itsy bitsy thing we still need.    jojo: yes, yes, yes.  blossom: we did good.  jojo: you did very good. very good indeed  buttercup: now what do we do.  jojo: well, because youve done so good, ive got a special surprise.  girls : yay.    buttercup: worthless, blossom: lame, bubbles: stupid. buttercup: okay. blossom: better, bubbles: almost, girls : awesome.     jojo: come girls, our work is fin oh, i mean, time to go.  girls : awwbut jojo. blossom: we havent seen the gazelles. buttercup: or the crocodiles. bubbles:  or the unicorns. just one unicor.    bubbles: excuse me, maam, i think you dropped this.    woman: i thought the zoo kept all the animals in cages.    buttercup: yeah, well, youre welcome, lady.  blossom: dont listen, bubbles.  jojo: thats right bubbles, do not listen. all of you deafen yourselves to their heartless words. they do not know that it is their saviors they are speaking to. they are unaware that your actions will have helped change their world forever.  because we have helped the town, and made it a better place.  blossom: do you think theyll be surprised.  jojo: oh yeah.  buttercup: you think theyll still be mad at us for playing tag.  jojo: no, theyll have forgotten all about that.  bubbles: will they love us.  jojo:  yes.  girls : really.  jojo: would i lie to you.    blossom: im so excited.  buttercup: yeah, well show em.  bubbles: hey, wheres    girls : professor.    professor: oh girls, thank goodness youre okay. im so sorry. im a terrible, terrible parent. you must hate me for not picking you up from school. but its not my fault. its this town. theyve gone crazy. its like theyve never seen kids playing before. i knew your powers would take some getting used to, but jail. lawsuits. angry mobs. whats next.  girls : dont worry professor, things are going to get better. we promise.  [). the shot zooms out, revealing the monkeys now suspended quite prostate, their brains sticking far out from their heads. the shot continues back, showing the observatory, the city of townsville, and finally back through the farright window of the girls bedroom, where they are sleeping peacefully, blissfully unaware of the events transpiring.]    girls : todays the day.  buttercup: todays the day. blossom: todays the day. bubbles: todays    jojo: the day.  blossom: what to wear. buttercup: what to wear. bubbles: what to wear.    jojo: oooh, thats nice.    girls : professor, wake up. wake up. wake..  jojo:  up, wake up my brothers, wake up and seize the  bubbles: .. day.  professor:  the day.  blossom: yeah, the day when we  jojo: show townsville just what our powers can really do.    professor: what.  blossom: were gonna show townsville just what our powers can really do.  buttercup: yeah, we did something really good.  bubbles: thats really going to really really really..    woman: heeeeeeeeeelp.    bubbles: well, we met this guy buttercup: with powers like us blossom: who was also hated by everybody bubbles: he had this great idea buttercup: to help the town. blossom: and make it a better place. bubbles: that way the town would accept us. buttercup: cause we did something to help. blossom: so we used all our powers, bubbles: and a big team buttercup: .. and his ideas, blossom: to help everybody.  jojo: city of townsville.  buttercup: its gonna be so cool.  jojo: id like to take this moment  blossom: youre gonna be so proud.  jojo:  to thank the little people  bubbles: everyones gonna love us.  jojo: who helped make this day a smashing success.  girls : we did really. gooooood.    jojo: blossom, bubbles, and buttercup. i couldnt have done it withoutcha.    man #1: terrible.  man #2: i knew they were no good.    blossom: jojo, what happened.  bubbles: this isnt making the town a better place.  jojo: yes it is. for me. the hobo formerly known as jojo is no mo. from this day fowod i will be known as mojo jojo.    mojo: for too long, apes and monkeys have been under the thumb of man. well, the time has come to oppose that thumb, and take hold of what is rightfully ours  the world.  girls : professor, we didnt want this.    woman #1: liars.  man #3: fibbers.  man #4: youve doomed us all.  blossom: please, professorplease believe us    professor: i dont know who to believe    professor: i thought you were good  girls : noooooooooooooooooooooo.    mojo: yeah. whooo. all right. i rock. i rock so hard. for i, mojo jojo, have succeeded in my first, greatest, and most brilliant plan ever. and i, mojo jojo, shall be king of the planet of the apes.    orangutan: you shall be king. preposterous.  mojo: what. how dare you.  orangutan: for it is i, who is the one most suited to be ruler.    mojo: those are my clothes.  orangutan: i, ojo tango, shall be simian supreme.  mojo: no ojo, mojo.  ojo tango: as i unleash the offensive of this, of the oppressive orangutank.    ape: hold on.  mojo: oh no.  ape: it is i who shall get a grip on the situation.    mojo: youd better not.  rocko socko: as i, rocko socko, seize control and rule.    mojo: wait.    lanky: i, baboon kaboom with my baboom baquabitter bomb.    mojo: uh oh.  lanky: and if you dont like it you can kiss my baboon butt bombs.  mojo:  ohh, thats classy.    sloth: i, hota wota, am boiling mad. for you are all bloody ears.  therefore, i shall unleash a scalding torrent to be blown out. for i dont give a  mojo: watch your mouth.    chaching: i, cha ching cha ching, symbolize chaotic calamity.    rocket monkey: we are doot da doot da doo doos  shall rain on your parade. because we like to spit.  mojo: eww    big nose: my name is hacha chacha, and here is my schpeel  a diabolical plan with lots of appeal. spreading out bananas, out far and wide, fixin up the folks for a slippery slide.  mayor:  thats pretty catchy.    young monkey: i uh bla bla bla bla, shall, uh, create a sauce of chaos and stir up trouble, with a destructive force know as.. the tornado.  mojo: tomahto.  mayor: tomayto.  [) obey me.  [) the sound of distant wailing is heard. the shot zooms in to the asteroid belt, and focuses in a single rock.. bubbles is sitting on the surface, head thrown back in utter dejection, a torrent of cries issuing from her mouth. the scene pulls back to show a saddened blossom sitting on a rocky outcropping, and buttercup fuming by herself in the distance. their voices echo in the emptiness of space.]  buttercup: that jerk. that big fat dumb jerk. he duped us. he planned it all along and we fell for it.  bubbles:  and now, everybody hates us even more.  what are you doing.  [) that can be your bed over there.  bubbles:  i dont wanna sleep on a rooooooooooooooock.    blossom: maybe if someone hadnt pushed bubbles into the school  buttercup:  ohh, look she speaks.  well maybe if someone hadnt insisted on walking home from school so we could run into the biggest liar in the universe.  blossom:  we werent allowed to use our powers, and you know it.  buttercup: oh look, its ms. goodygoody.  blossom: what was i supposed to do. we werent going to get people to stop hating us by breaking rules.  buttercup: oh yeah. and using our superpowers to make a  helpthetownandmakeitabetterplacemachine was foolproof.  blossom: i didnt see you putting up a fight.  buttercup: well, youre gonna now.  [) yeah, cause you know ill kick your butt.  blossom: no because i know that  nevermind. im not fighting with you. and im not talking to you ever.  buttercup: well, prepare yourself for a looooooong silence, girl. cause were going to spend the rest of our lives here, thanks to you. at least i got me a bed.     bubbles: blossom. buttercup. do you hear that.    buttercup:  no  bubbles: blossom what should we do.  [)  bubbles: it sounds like theyre hurting.  buttercup: who cares.     bubbles: what do we do.  buttercup: nothing.    professor: girls.  girls : professor.    girls : professor. professor. professor.    blossom: bubbles, wait.    blossom: good job bubbles, but we really got to save  lady: the baby.    blossom: holy.    buttercup: hey, what about  lady: the dog.    buttercup: whoa.    bubbles: youll be safe now.  blossom: here you go, miss.   lady: oh, thank you.  blossom: cmon, bubbles, lets    blossom:  save those people.  lady: wait. this isnt my baby.  buttercup:  good dog. can we find the professor now please.    buttercup: aww, man.  [)]  buttercup: now, stay.    buttercup: doggone it.    blossom:  okay, you should be safe here ohh, this is hopeless.  bubbles: i know. theres too many monkeys. what can we do    buttercup: get your hands off him, you darn dirty.. ape.  [). bubbles and blossom gasp, and buttercup puts her hands to her mouth in horror.]  buttercup:  i i i i didnt mean it. it. it.. it.. . it was an accident. i.. i.. i.. .he he he wouldnt let go, and.. and.. and.. then the dog. i.. that  that stupid dog. and and and then the monkeys. and and he aaaahh. i i and i i couldnt and he couldnt.i i oh man.    blossom: buttercup.  buttercup: i i i..  blossom: youre a genius.    buttercup: i am.  bubbles: she is.  blossom: yeah. the one way to stop the monkeys, save the town, and find the professor is to use our powers to    blossom: or better yet, watch.    buttercup: wow.  bubbles: that was ama hey.    bubbles: eww, gross, cut it out.    blossom: cmon girls, lets put an end to this gorilla warfare.    blossom: ha ha. good one, bubbles.    professor: girls.   mojo: shut up. i was afraid of this. theyve returned and found out what our powers can really do.  come. you will make a good powerproof vest.    buttercup: none of those stupid monkeys had professor.  bubbles: where could he be.  blossom: take a good guess.    blossom: cmon girls, weve got one last monkey to get off our backs.    girls : not so fast, mojo jojo.  mojo:  oohh, wook at the widdle hewoes, here to save their daddy.  professor:  no girls, save yourselves.  bubbles: sorry, professor.  buttercup: we can take this chump chimp down easy.  blossom: nothing he can do can stop us.    mojo: thats better. its good you little freaks know when youre beaten. now if youll excuse me, i, mojo jojo, have a town to take over. i have a world to rule. i have to seize control of an area, and force its inhabitants to follow my way of thinking.  [) vat of chemical x spews from the machine, and drains into the spheres as before. he punches a set of keys]  mojo: even if it means    mojo: taking extreme measures.  girls :  you wouldnt.  mojo: i would.    bubbles: professor.    mojo: now i am mo mojo than before.    mojo: now as i was saying before i was so rudely interrupted  i, mojo jojo, have succeeded in my first, greatest, and most brilliant plan ever.  and i, mojo jojo, shall be king.    professor: oh girls, thank goodness youre okay. now lets get out of this town and find a new, safe place to live.    buttercup: its no use, professor.  bubbles: we already tried running away.  blossom: we have to fix the problem we helped start. you said to give everyone a little time to understand our specialness. well, now its time for everyone to understand, especially mojo.    blossom:  surrender now, and well go easy on you.    blossom: down here.  mojo:  oh, my. youre actually trying to stop me. thats so cute.  bubbles: try nothing.  blossom: we will stop you.  buttercup: who are you calling cute.  mojo:  okay, lets play.    blossom: buttercup.    bubbles: no.  [), shoots rapidfire laser beams at mojo, causing him to cry out in pain and releasing her two sisters. the girls resume their catandmouse game amidst mojo, and once again unable to catch them, mojo lets out a primal yell and claps his hands together loudly. the resulting shockwave blasts the girls spiraling backwards. they do a few backflips on a city street and reorient themselves.]  buttercup: somebodys mad.    blossom: look out.    bubbles: oh no, look. mojos got blossom pinned down.  buttercup: i have an idea, come on.    bubbles: do you think hes finished.  mojo: no, but you are.   mojo: fools. you dare to challenge me..  attempt to defeat me.. try to destroy me..  mojo: i, who saved you from certain death. after all ive done for you, you betray me.. and why. [)] mojo: for them. the ones who hated you. have forsaken you.  cant you see. none of them will ever understand you as i can. for we are kindred spirits, whose powers spring from the same source. so girls  do not make me destroy you, for we are smarter. we are stronger. we are invincible. we have the power. we are superior to them. and we shall rule. all we have to do is work together. girls. join me.  girls : nooooo. blossom: wed never join you. and its because   we are stronger. bubbles:  because we are invincible. buttercup: because we have the power.  girls : we have to protect them from you. blossom: its you who is to be feared. bubbles: cause you are a monster.  buttercup: you are evil. girls : and you are  it.  mojo: cuuuuuuuuuurseeeeeeeeeeeeeeessss. [).] professor:  girls, girls, where are you. we should try and stop mojo and i know how. i whipped up an antidote to chemical x. it will do away with his powers. girls. girls. gi  girls : professor.  professor: oh, girls. im so sorry for doubting you. you are good. good, perfect little girls, and i love you. girls : we love you too. blossom: and were really sorry. buttercup: we messed up really bad. bubbles: but, were ready professor.  professor: ready. blossom: to take the antidote x to get rid of our powers. bubbles: if it wasnt for them, none of this would have happened. buttercup: besides, maybe everyone would like us more if we were just normal little girls. townspeople : nooooooo.  girls : huh.  mayor: umm well.. uhh dont do that cause that was pretty cool, with the ehh ms. bellum: girls, i think what the mayor is trying to say is, were sorry  and thank you.  ms. keane: yes, that was super. just super. man #5: amazing. baby lady: fantastic. man #6: wonderful. jamaican lady: stupendous. jay and bob lookalikes: you rock. dog: thank you.   mayor: oh, yeah. that was awesome. you were all flying, and running, and then  laser eyes. then,  bam. and then  and then bam. you punched that guy. ehh, remember.  mayor: yeah, that was great. yknow, this town stinks. and i was wondering if maybe sometime we could like call you.. to save the day or whatever. girls :  can we professor. professor: well i dont know.. hmm okay. but only if its before your bed time. girls : yaaaaaay.   narrator: sugar. spice. and everything nice. these were the ingredients chosen to create the prefect little girls. but, professor utonium accidentally added an extra ingredient to the concoction chemical x. this, blossom, bubbles, and buttercup were born. using their ultrasuper powers, they dedicated their lives to fighting crime, and the forces of evil.  narrator: and so, for the very first time, the day is saved, thanks to  .. the powerpuff girls. hey, thats a good name for them. powerpuff girls, yeah. i like that. wonder if they will, ill run it by them. powerpuff girls. mmmhmm. the end ) )