ohh, yeah. powerpuff girls fighting crime to save the world before bedtime here's the time to shine when you're fighting crime power it up who's got the power. we got the power breaking through the wall, gonna do it all we don't quit who's got the power. we got the power oh. yeah. it's almost time. tv tilted 5. 3 degrees to avoid glare. speakers set to optimal volume couch pillows fluffed to the peak of fluffiness snacks organized by the region of origin friday night family movie time. professor, where are you. just a minute, girls. professor, hurry. you're gonna miss the beginning of "space towtruck and the infinite jumper cables". weeks of waiting all leading up to this moment. the twist ending is supposed to be the biggest surprise in the history of anything ever. ready, ready, ready. finally. oh she's here. together: who's here. hi, everyone. oh, you look lovely. girls, this is dr. sapna nehru. sorry i'm late, cuddle king. "cuddle king". oh, thank you for having me. mm, i've heard so much about you. i mean, from the professor. not just, like, the news. i mean, i don't believe everything i hear on tv. i mean, most things. but on tuesday, i saw this report on iguana fashion shows and i'm like, "that's not a thing. " is that a thing. so then i went downtown and wait, am i still talking. i'll stop talking. isn't she the best. i asked sapna to join us for family movie night. she's the woman i've been telling you about. whoo. thanks for making room, guys. personal boundaries being violated. at least this cheesy popcorn is delicious. do you guys have any snacks to spare. of course. want some popcorn. huh.. hey, my popcorn. man: coming up in just three agonizing minutes, you couldn't fathom what happens. to space towtruck this time. this is gonna be next level sick. the most important television event of our generation. nothing's gonna move me from this spot for the next three aagh. a spider. kill it. together: kill it, kill it, kill it. no, no, girls. spiders are our friends. they keep your house safe from other bugs. oh, yes, you do. sapna is a biologist specializing in arachnid studies. i study spiders every day. on purpose. how would you like to watch the movie with us, little guy. here's a seat up front. not even on a coaster.. blossom, sapna is our guest. here, you can have the last piece of cheesy popcorn. the last piece. bubbles, you're being very selfish. man: and now, the moment you've been waiting for. "space towtruck and the infinite jumper cables." yes. the anticipation is killing me. my whole life has been leading up to this moment. i read online today that in the end, it turns out the gorblaxian meter maids were ghosts the whole time. can you believe it.. no. are you kidding me.. buttercup, please. we can't see. although, i've got everything i really want to see right here. um i have to go. uh, i'm sorry, i need to, um renew some magazine subscriptions. at 8:30 p. m. on a friday. yeah, gotta beat the rush. oof. or something like that. i'll stop talking. wait. what a shame. girls, i cannot believe how rude you were to sapna. us. was she raised in a barn a barn without coasters. my popcorn. who even likes spiders.. answer crazy people. that is uhoh. emergency signal, gotta go. we'll talk about this when you get home. and i like spiders. girls, time for some pest control. why did it have to be a spider. bubbles. blossom. oh, gross, oh, gross, oh, gross. hey. where'd it go. how'd it get away. is that together: sapna. oh. hello, girls. funny running into you here at the crater. what are you doing here. i was just here to study the big spider 'cause i study spiders. remember how i said i study spiders back at the house. blossom: uh, yeah. well, anyway, i'm off to buy some discount um bags of meat. tell the professor i say hi. hmm wait a sec, that's not the way to the discount bags of meat store. i don't trust her. girls, maybe we should give sapna a chance. she's clearly making an effort to get along with us, and the professor really likes her. it's not like she's going to steal him away from us, right. mmm, open up, my prince. ahh. mmm. so glad we got rid of those kids, huh. they were such a burden, weren't they. she's gotta go. "dear supna, it is i, the professor. i regret to inform you that i no longer like you. " let me try. "i think that you are a big gross butt, and you smell like garbage. " "sorry to be such a mean ol' meanbag," but, hey, baby, you kno' the sco'. "here is a video of a hamster riding on a kitten." "you will find the official break up form attached. sign it and return it to me within five business days. " "goodbye forever." sayonara, sucker. perfect. oh, sapna. why did you leave me.. um, professor, what's wrong. i'm afraid sapna and i broke up. oh, sapna, sapna okay, girls, huddle. i think we really messed up. what if we told sapna we were sorry. aw, do we have to. oh, sapna ugh. yep, we have to. it's just so hard to be alone i mean, i thought he was the one, you know. why am i asking you. you eat your boyfriends. blossom: miss nehru. girls. what are you doing here. ii wasn't getting dating advice from a spider, or anything like that. miss nehru, we have a confession to make. we wrote that email, not the professor. we're sorry. please get back together. please. aw, girls, i know you wrote that email. you do. yes. aside from not sounding anything like the professor, he doesn't use sprinklemist font. but that's not why i broke up with him. it's complicated. but the professor really likes you. he even wrote this stupid song about you. professor: oh, sapna, oh, sapna love your higgs boson chatter without you in my universe things wouldn't matter come on, it's not that bad. you don't understand. no, you don't understand. the professor loves you. if this is what love is, count me out. miss nehru. you're going down, you eightlegged freak. hey. that's sapna. liked her as a human hate her as a spider. oh, sapna, oh, sapna you're the square root of two because i feel irrational when i'm around you professor. is that sapna. buttercup: hey, sapna. we know you love the professor, but you can't go around terrorizing townsville. we think you're actually a good person. i actually really like you. and i hate hitting you. sapna, are you okay.. uh, yeah i'm fine. oh, sapna, why didn't you tell me you turn into a rampaging monster. i'm sorry. i wanted to, it's just most guys freak out when you turn into a giant spider. it's kind of like when the little plastic thingy at the end of your shoe laces falls off and you can't get it back through the shoe hole. but then, you try and use tape to fix it, but then the shh. none of that matters now, sapna. we can work all this out togeth shh. no, we can't. you don't understand. i was in a lab accident and now every time i feel love, i turn into a spider. i never wanted to put you in danger. until i can find a way to cure it, i can't be with you. i'm sorry. sapna, wait. professor ugh. get a lab, you guys. no, i'm sorry. i have to go. sapna. how are you feeling, professor. oh, i'll be all right, girls. hey, let's watch a movie. i'll get the snacks. i'll eat the snacks. i'll be right there, girls. narrator: and so once again, the professor is single. ) )