beat your greens transcribed by alan back     narrator: the city of townsville.    narrator: on the planet earth.    narrator: out in outer space.  and not too far out in outer space  just behind the earths moon, a mysterious craft lies in wait.    voice 1: target achieved, your highness. firing sequence ready on your command. voice 2: excellent. launch the sporepedo.      narrator: the town of farmsville.  a quiet, hardworking agricultural community whose residents take humble pride in the most important of duties    narrator: the growing of wholesome, natural foods, which are promptly harvested    narrator: packed, and shipped  to the many hungry and grateful residents of townsville.    narrator: these busy citydwellers may have important appointments to keep  deals to make  information to distribute  and constructions to construct    narrator: but none of the business that is townsville could even begin without a trip to the market and a heaping plate full of that nutritious, delicious farmraised goodness.    black woman: mmmmmm.    black woman : come on, kids, eat your vegetables. black daughter: no way, jose. black son: yeah. no way, jose. black daughter: i dont eat broccoli. black son: yeah. i dont eat bloc  lori.    father 1: here comes the broccoli express  into the tunnel.  here comes the pirate ship to hide treasure in the secret cave. here comes the xwing space fighter zooming around through hyperspace with proton torpedoes to blow up the death star.    football kid: yuck. i aint eatin that. mother 2:  why. football kid: cause vegetables is for sissies and rabbits. right, dad.    father 2:  right. football kid: and eatin the flesh of stupid lesser beasts makes you strong. right, dad. father 2: right.      bubbles: ewww. whats that icky green stuff. blossom: it definitely isnt cake. buttercup: it aint a corn dog. bubbles: i know its not a hamster. blossom, buttercup:  you eat hamsters. bubbles: no. i like hamsters, and i know i dont like thatstuff.    professor: now, girls, eat your broccoli. its exactly what growing superheroes need to charge up their powers.    professor: oh, its packed with all kinds of vitamins and minerals, and mmmmmm. its so good for you. buttercup: too bad it tastes so nasty.  bubbles: you havent even tasted it yet. blossom, buttercup: shhh. professor: well, youre not leaving the table until your broccoli is all gone.  and the only way to get rid of broccoli is to eat it all up. like this.    bubbles: ewww. buttercup: professor, no.       voice 1: your highness, readings show the receptor spores have been ingested.    ruler: excellent.  the time is ripe to initiate hypnotransmithesis.    ruler: now the earths barbaric mammal people shall be hypnotized into a vegetable state, allowing my warriors to reap through the earths animal population and weed out all the human beings. leaving we, the broccoloid empire, to harvest the fruits of the earth and plant the seeds of a new empire.     blossom:  professor. professor. are you all right.    buttercup:  you see.  i told you that stuff was wrong. bubbles:  why did you eat it, professor. why.    narrator: just then, the girls ultrasonic hearing is bombarded with cries for help. blossom: sounds like were not the only ones in trouble. we gotta find out whats going on.    narrator: so the girls head out across townsville.    narrator: but everywhere they go, the storys the same. black daughter: our mom was trying to make us eat broccoli, but    kid: i wouldnt, so she ate it and her    football kid: eyes started glowin and then they just zonked out, man.    blossom: just like the professor.  weve gotta investigate that broccoli.     narrator: so the girls trace the broccoli back to its roots, in hopes of unearthing some clues.    bubbles:  hey, girls.  over here.    bubbles: what is it. buttercup: looks like a missile. bubbles: or a weird pea pod. blossom: or both.    narrator: upon closer inspection, blossoms microscopic vision reveals    blossom: it was carrying some sort of alien mindcontrol spores.  buttercup: theres spores all over this field.  blossom: it must have infected the broccoli. bubbles: but why.  where did it come from.    blossom:  looks like were about to get our answer.  quick, hide.    ruler: leaftenant, branch out and scout the area for our first wave of invasion.  buttercup: what..      blossom: nobody invades earth buttercup: without a fight bubbles: from the powerpuff girls. ruler: earth creatures..  why arent you hypnotized. blossom: cause we didnt eat none of your diabological spores. ruler: well, then, eat this.      bubbles: that scared the pants off of me. buttercup: how are we ever gonna stop em.    professor:  the only way to get rid of your broccoli is to eat it all up.    ruler: barbarians. bubbles: ewewewewewewewewew. buttercup: ugh. nasty. blossom: swallow your pride, girls. we gotta eat em to beat em.      bubbles: ohim getting full. blossom: i think ive got room for one more.    ruler: what. youre getting full already. but that was just an appetizer.  here comes the main course.     blossom: uhoh. were gonna need some help.  ruler: whats the matter. dont have the stomach for it..  narrator: and with that, the girls retreat back to townsville to enlist the aid of the other children.    blossom: so you see. the only way to save the earth is by eating broccoli.  football kid:  aw, dont believe her.  this is just some kinda trick to get us to eat vegetables. buttercup:  what. you doubt the word of a powerpuff.  or maybe youre just scared to eat vegetables. tell you what. why dont you just run on home to your mama and see if shell make you a baloney sandwich. oh, wait. you know what. she cant. cause shes been zapnotized by alien invaders.    buttercup:  but you dont want to help save her cause you dont feel like eating a few vegetables.    football kid: lets do it for the folks.    huge boy: lemme at em. lemme at em.  narrator: and so    narrator: as the vegetarian forces mobilize for invasion    narrator: the children of townsville gird their loins for battle.      ruler: halt.  colonel, lets trim back that overgrown city.    colonel: artillery, on my mark.  ready.  aim.  fire.    colonel: huh.    ruler: those little sprouts have pulped my tanks. no matter.  infantry. after them.    ruler:  storm the city.    blossom: release the cheese.    troops: huh.    bubbles: charge..      buttercup: eightytwo. thirtysix. bite.      injured boy: fortyseven stalksthe horrorthe horror blossom: stay down, soldier. youve seen enough action. bubbles:  blossom.  a lot of us are getting really full. i dont know how much more we can eat.    colonel: sire, their forces are weakening. we have them on the run. ruler: excellent. its only a matter of time beforeuh.    narrator: hahaw. here comes the hungry cavalry.    kids, blossom: hooray. blossom: charge.  ruler: retreat.    ruler: no. no. leaf me alone. i dont dessert this.      narrator: so, with the broccoloids devoured    narrator: and the hypnotransmithesizer destroyed, the parents of townsville awaken. and families once torn apart by war are reunited once again.    narrator: and as normal life resumes, we join the utonium family on an outing to the supermarket. professor: why dont you girls go pick out some cereal, and ill meet you in the produce aisle. blossom:  okay. professor:  well see if we cant find some greens they will eat.    blossom: give em heck, troops. well show em whos boss. you can never be too careful.     narrator: and so once again the day is saved    narrator: thanks to the powerpuff girls.    narrator: and the hungry little tykes of townsville. ) )