mojo jonesin transcribed by alan back       narrator: the city of townsvillewhere everybody loves their local heroes, those fabulous powerpuff girls.    narrator: and nowhere more than here, pokey oaks kindergarten.    blossom: looking good, girls. lets try formation alphaeleven.      blossom: omicronnineteen, go.      blossom: bye, everybody.  buttercup:  see you later. bubbles:  same time  same place.      mary: look at me.  im blossom. whoosh.  asian girl: gee, it would be neat to fly like they do. black boy: yeah. blond boy: id want to have all the powers. mary: fire power. asian girl: and ice breath.  black boy: and dont forget them zappy eyes.  asian girl, blond boy, mary: zappy eyes. black boy: you know  them lasers.      blond boy:  super speed and xray vision  mary: yeah. thats what i want to have.    mary: yeah. what do you want  you stranger..    mojo:  allow me to introduce myself, after which i will no longer be a stranger. i am mojo jo  jo overcoat. and i have something that you want.    mojo: superpowers.  yes. you too can have the same superpowers as the powerpuff girls, simply by using  this.    mojo:  yes. this contraption contains the amazing  chemical x.    mojo:  and it will give you  all the powers that the powerpuff girls possess  and that you desire.    mojo: together you will be a wonderfully diverse and multiethnic superhero team  perhaps saving the environment, or whatever.    mojo:  now who wants some.    mary: oh, my gosh.  were flying.  wow, mr. overcoat. thanks.    mojo: youre very welcome, kids. but theres something i need you to do for me.  mary: uhwhat. mojo: have fun.  kids: okay.  bye, mr. overcoat.  mojo:  have a good time, little dudes  while you can.    blond boy:  im flying.  im flying.    mary: using her super smell powers, super mary smells    mary:  chocolate ice cream.    black boy:  im gonna do it  im gonna do itim gonnayeah.    asian girl: joey.  black boy : my bad.    asian girl: oops.    joey, asian girl: mary.  mary:  jeff.    mary: hey. why are we going down. joey: golly. maybe the chemical x is wearing off. mary: well, then, lets find that jo overcoat and get some more.     mary: holy smokes. where is he. asian girl: i dont know. joey: whwhat if hes gone. blond boy :  oh, man, id do anything for some chemical x right about now. mojo:  anything.    kids:  jo overcoat. mojo:  tada. kids: please, sir, can we have some more. mojo: of course you can. but this time i need you to do something for me.  mary: awwell have fun, all right. mojo:  oh, i know you will. but i want to have fun too.  and what would be really fun for me  is if you destroyed the powerpuff girls.    narrator: destroy the powerpuff girls.. kids, just say no.  mary: no problem. joey: sure. asian girl: okay. jeff: cool. mojo:  good.    narrator:  ohand they used to be such good kids.    blossom: everything looks good over here. lets head for bubbles: blossom, look.    bubbles: theres something happening across the bay.    bubbles: hey, its jeff.  what are you doing flying around. jeff: destroy powerpuffs. blossom, buttercup: look out. bubbles: look out.    buttercup: bubbles.    blossom: oh, my.      mojo: oh, you kids did a super job.  i take my hat off to you.  well done.    kids: mojo jojo...  mojo: none other. and now that you have destroyed the powerpuff girls for me  nothing can stand in my way.  later, dudes.    mary: holy smokes. weve been tricked. asian girl: yeah. it was just too good to be true. joey: we gotta stop mojo jojo. jeff: yeah. lets get him.    mary: oh, no. were losing our powers again. asian girl: what are we gonna do now. jeff: i have an idea, gang. come on.    narrator: whats this.  the gang is using what remains of their powers to revive the powerpuff girls.    blossom: heyi feel better. buttercup: me too. bubbles: me three.    blossom: thats okay, guys. but remember.  when dealing with mojo jojos mojo, just say nono.    blossom:  now lets get that monkey off our backs.     mayor: well, if you destroyed the powerpuff girls, then by all means, take over townsville. its all yours.    mojo:  powerpuffs.. butbut blossom: butt is right. and yours is about to get kicked.  prepare to get a taste of what chemical x can really do.      blossom: and you see.  thats why you should stay away from strangers.    mary: umgirlswe just wanted to say were all really sorry.  bubbles: thats okay, guys. it wasnt your fault. blossom: we know youd never hurt us on purpose. buttercup: yeah, mojo put some funny stuff in that socalled chemical x, and it really messed with your heads. mary: well, one things for sure. well never talk to or take anything from strangers again. kids:  we promise.    mitch: but what was it like, havin superpowers and all.    blossom: yeah, it is pretty cool.    narrator: awww, what a great ending. so once again the day is savedthanks to the powerpuff girls.  oh, i just love these stories where you laugh and learn. ) )