a very special blossom transcribed by alan back     narrator: the city of townsville. and its a beautiful day.  but not as beautiful as it will be this sunday, because its fathers day.    father bird: and boy, i cant wait.  these little guys are gonna hatch.    narrator: yes, everyone is excited and getting readyeven professor utonium and the powerpuff girls.    professor: oh, girls, fathers day is my favorite holiday. bubbles: why. professor: well, if it werent for you, i wouldnt be able to celebrate it. blossom: speaking of celebration, what are you making this year. professor: mmmmmy favorite. liver and onions.    blossom: well, what do you want for a present. professor: oh, girls, anything you make mell be fantastic. besides, you know i dont need material possessions. ive got you. i remember last year, blossom, you made me that blossom: ceramic bowl. professor: ceramic bowl.    professor: yeah, that wasgreat. aandand bubbles, with your, uhuh  whatwhatd you make. bubbles: crayon drawling. professor: crayon drawling.    professor: that was wonderful. andand buttercup. buttercup:  boxing gloves. professor:  ohthatthats right, made out of socks.    professor: i remember that.  you see, girls, those gifts are kind of funky, but theyre charming, and  well, thats all i really ne    blossom: professor.    blossom: whats the matter.    professor:  look.    professor: the pro excellence 2000 golf clubs.  only twelve of these sets exist in the whole world.  oh, my game would be perfect if i had these.    professor:  oh, my, they are beautiful.  a true marvel of craftsmanshioh, dear.    professor: no wonder theyre called the 2000 clubs. i cant afford these.  oh, never mind.  come on, girls. wed better get home before the liver spoils.      blossom: all right, girls. thats the last of the finishing touches.    bubbles:  the pro excellence 2000 golf clubs.  buttercup:  these stink.  blossom: come on. back to the drawing board.      blossom:  look, girls. were just not going to be able to raise enough money by fathers day.  if we had some real talent, we could raise money. but we dont.    bubbles: fighting crimes a talent.    blossom: ill get it.  hello. mayor.    mayor: blossom. i need your help. mojo jojo is destroying the town. blossom: were on our way.  mayor: but    blossom: girls  we can raise that money.     blossom: all right, mojo.  how do you explain yourself this time. mojo: the hobby store did not have what i wanted, so i lost my temper. blossom: oh, come on. mojo: i was looking for a model ship to build. it is my hobby. blossom: take him away, boys. policeman:  our pleasure, blossom.    mayor:  girls, thank you once again for saving the day.    mayor: i know there are other things you could be doing on a saturday, butcrime never sleeps. blossom: we dont mind. its our special talent.  right, girls. bubbles, buttercup: right. mayor:  thats the spirit. and special talents should be rewarded.  would you girls like some cookies.    blossom: mmmno, thanks. were not hungry. mayor: oh, but theyre fresh. blossom: no, thanks.  mayor: well, id like to repay you somehow.    blossom: well, actually, me and the girls were talking, andwed like to be paid for our services.  mayor:  thats the spirit. youre very enterprising little ladies.  well, i think ive got a few nickels here in my change purse.  what are you charging, girls. girls:  two thousand dollars.    mayor: ooh, thats reasonable. lets see. heres fifteen cents, heres, uh    mayor:  two thousand dollars.....    girls: ooh.    mayor:  ohms. bellummy heart pills.    ms. bellum: sir, i think these little ladies were just having some fun. mayor: fun, nothing. look. im no sugar daddy. those days are over.  ms. bellum: girlsuh, i think you better run along and go clean up mojos mess.    girls: oh, all right.       professor:  my life would be perfect if i had a pair of these.    professor:  go on. no ones lookin.    professor:  thata girl.    narrator:  well, ladies and gentlemen  i guess theres a first time for everything.      narrator: but with a new day, perhaps theres hope.    baby birds: happy fathers day.  father bird: hey, shut up. cant you see im trying to sl  ohhhohhh.  what do you know, folks. im a daddy.    professor:  ooh, girls, something sure smells good.  i hope you didnt go to too much trouble. buttercup: we dont mind. we just wish we couldve got you those golf clubs. professor: oh, girls, i dont need bubbles: okay, you can open your eyes now.    bubbles, buttercup:  happy fathers day.    professor: oh, my heavens. brownies.  buttercup: hey, wait. those arent brownies. bubbles: no. its liver and onions.    bubbles:  its your favorite.  dont you want any.  professor:  idid love some. but ii cant eat without all of you here. yeah. uh  whats taking blossom so long. buttercup: oh, she said she had a special surprise. she didnt even want to help with breakfast.    blossom:  ladies and gentlemen.  may i presentthe fathers day gift extraordinaire.    blossom:  for my favorite person in the whole world.  happy fathers day.    professor: the pro excellence 2000 golf clubs..    professor: oh, thank you.    professor: oh, thank you so much, girls.  blossom: oh, no. this gift is just from me. this is my special present. professor:  oh, how sweet. buttercup: wait a minute. how in the heck did you get those. professor:  who cares how she got them.  oh, happy fathers day, indeed.    professor:  oh, blossom  this is the best gift ever.    professor: you know why.  because i have a game today with the mayor.  and im gonna win with these babies. buttercup: but whered you get the money to buy them.. professor: dont you mind your sisters, blossom. girls, money is no object. now if you dont mind, im gonna go outside and  try these beauties out.    bubbles: arent you gonna eat your breakfast. professor: oh. umjustwrap that up for me, honey.    buttercup: all right, blossom. youve got some explaining to do. where the heck did you get those clubs.    blossom: i found them.    mayor:  can you believe this, chief.    mayor:  the rare pro excellence 2000 golf clubs mysteriously disappeared.    mayor: hmm. thats peculiar.  chief: yeah, it happened right after mojo tore up the town. mayor: i saydo you think he took them. chief: nah. little monkeys are too dumb to golf. but whoever did take em is one lucky guy. mayor: ill say.  if i only had a pair of these  my game would be perfect. chief: me too. professor:  me fooorrreee.    professor: are you boys ready to be beaten by a real pro.     chief: well, ill be bamboozled.  mayor: cuff him.    chief: you got the right to remain silent, buddy.     blossom: hello, powerpuff girls. professor:  blossom. its the professor.    blossom: ohhi. how you doing. professor:  look, im in jail.  ive been arrested for stealing. blossom: uh uh professor:  blossom, are you there. blossom:  yes.    professor:  listen, i need you down here. im scared. theyre asking me questions, waving badges, and pointing fingers.  i didnt do anything, im innocent. blossom.    professor:  blossom. blossom.    mojo:  ahhh  my masterpiece is complete.  happy fathers day    mojo: my captain. i wish you were here to enjoy      buttercup: its blossom.  blossom:  look. i can explain everything. the professor shouldnt be in jail for stealing any golf clubs.    blossom: it was mojos fault. he sold them to me.  i didnt know they were stolen. mayor:  i say, chief, weve made a terrible mistake. buttercup: wait a minute. blossom, you told me you found those clubs.  which is it. did you find them, or did he sell them to you.    buttercup: come on, blossom.  tell the truth.  bubbles: yeah, you big fat liar.    buttercup: come on.    professor:  just tell the truth, blossomplease.    buttercup: watch out.    bubbles:  shes getting away.  buttercup: get back here and  quit lying.      blossom: all right. all right. all right.  i did it. i stole the clubs.    professor: why, blossom.  blossom: because you wanted them so much. ijust wanted to make you happy.  professor: its my fault.  i put too much value in a material item, instead of the love of you girls. blossom: thats what drove me to crime. professor: oh, mayor, pleasego easy on blossom. shes sorry  arent you, honey. blossom:  yes. mayor: what do you say, chief. it is her first offense. chief: it is very sad.  but the law is the law. blossom: oh    narrator: blossom was sentenced to two hundred hours of community service.    narrator: this was a harsh reminder to her and to all that crime does not pay. blossom:  boy, you can say that again. father bird:  crime does not pay. blossom:  what.  father bird: well, it doesnt.     narrator: once again the day is saved    narrator: thanks to the powerpuff girls.  welltwo of them, at least.   ) )