birthday bash transcribed by alan back     narrator: the city of townsville.    narrator: a bustling metropolis where the hustle and bustle of the city never ends.    narrator: day in, day out.  but by night, these hardworking citizens    narrator: tired  drained and exhausted    narrator: fall deep into a nocturnal slumberland.  what is it, boy.    narrator: who could be awake at this hour.      mojo: finally, after sitting and thinking for a very long time, i, mojo jojo  have devised the perfect plan to crush the only obstacle keeping me from ruling the world.    mojo: once this gift is delivered tomorrow morning, all i have to do is wait.    princess: there. thats perfect. no one will be able to resist this perfect package. ill have my people deliver it tonight, and by tomorrow  this princess will be queen.    bossman: so  you thought we were a joke, huh. yes, you thought we were cute. well, now what do you think of us.    tiny: uhhey, boss, who you talkin to. bossman: uhoh. uh, im, uh, just practicing my speech for when we take over townsville. skinny: duhyou really think our plan is gonna work. bossman: its not only gonna work, but its gonnaits gonna  tiny: work. bossman: right. so when our people deliver this package tomorrow, well finally get some recppuh  tiny: but, boss, we aint got no people. bossman: no  but we do have that.      whitfield: this is stanley whitfield, live in front of the powerpuff household, where a birthday party is finally getting underway    whitfield:  for townsvilles favorite heroinesthe powerpuff girls.    buttercup: i say we take a closer look. blossom: good idea.       professor: no, no, no. no xray vision.  you girls cant open presents until after youve had cake.  girls: cake time..     buttercup: sit down.  guests:  hap bubbles: no singing.. blossom: cake..      professor: okay, okay, here it is.  now blow out the can    professor:  candles. girls: presents..    girls: this one.    whitfield: and this is the moment weve all been waiting for. okay, girls, let er rip.    professor:  wait a minute, girls.  whos it from.    blossom: hmm. theres no name. just this picture of a banana.    mojo: the powerpuff girls are moments away from their demise. once they open that box, i, mojo jojo, will rule the world. princess:  sit down, mojo.    princess: you havent defeated anyone yet, and when your present backfires, ill have my chance to exterminate those brats.  bossman: yeah. and after princess gets rid of em, then well get rid of em with our present. skinny, tiny: yeah.  mojo: shut up. in a few moments, there wont be any presents. whatever you had planned will be destroyed, along with the powerpuff girls.  behold. the end is near.    girls: what is it.    robot: i am a gift from mojo jojo. i hope you have enjoyed your birthday, for it will be your last.    mayor: isnt that nice.    mojo: shut up. shut up. princess: haha.  mojos a stupid monkey.  mojo: cursed powerpuff girls. ill have my day.    princess:  in the meantime, move your big empty head. its blocking the tv.    princess: everyone, quiet..  theyre opening my present next.    bubbles: oh. this one looks pretty.  mayor: well, open it already.    girls: ooooh. blossom:  theres nothing in it. bubbles:  hey, look, whats that. professor: its a circular lid with three rings retracting outward. rainbow: a hypnodisc. mayor: its some kind of strange eyeball. all: hmmm    professor:  hey, whats that. girls: huh.    professor:  happy birthday from princess.aw, isnt that nice.    blossom: come on, girls.     blossom: buttercup. look out.    buttercup: huh.  thats no eyeball  thats a bullseye.    buttercup:  bubbles. its going for the target.  get rid of the target.    professor: get it off. get it off, get it off.    ms. keane: wha.  buttercup: hurry..    mayor: i got it.  buttercup:  cantholdon.    mayor:  i got it. i got the little bugger. i got it.    guests: hooray.    princess: thats not fair. i was so close. mojo:  ha. you werent any closer to destroying them than me. bossman: tough luck, suckers. i guess its up to us to take care of business. mojo: oh, puhlease. you guys really think youre going to beat the powerpuff girls.. bossman: you think you guys are so clever. but where you both failed, we will succeed.  and then youll mojo: oh, shut up already. theyre opening your present. bossman:  what present.      girls: this one. professor: now, girls, make sure its safe. youd better read the card. girls: hmmm    blossom:  it says, happy birthday, powerpuff girls. from your bestest pals, the amoeba boys.    professor: oh, well, no worry. they cant do anything right.    princess: haha. mojo: nyahnyahnyahnyahnyah.    girls: yaaay. ooooh.    girls: dolls. bubbles: aww, and they look just like us.  girls: thank you, amoeba boys.    bossman: well. princess: you gave them dolls..  bossman: voodoo dolls.  let the torture begin. mojo: you pinheads. youre not supposed to give them the dolls. the dolls are what you stick the needles in. bossman: so. whats your point.    mojo: now well definitely never destroy those brats. boys: were sorry. him:  ohhh, dont take it so hard.    him:  you cant expect to win every time  like me.  mojo, princess, boys: him.    him: you see, the thing about gift giving is, its the thought that counts. and obviously, thinking isnt your strong point.  watch and learn.    blossom:  how about this one.  him:  ooh, girls, that one wont do. how about the strangelooking gift you didnt notice. blossom:  or the strangelooking gift we didnt notice. girls: oh, look. a piata. professor, can we play with it, please.    professor: oh, now, i dont know, girls. someone might get hurt.  but what the heck. girls: yay.    girls: huh.    mayor: tada.    blossom: whoa. this bulldozing bull is busting up our birthday bash.    girls: our presents.    bubbles:  hurry.    buttercup: uhoh.    blossom: buttercup. now.    bubbles: got it, sis.    professor:  blossom, wait.  dont forget your blindfold.    narrator: bullseye.    him:  and so, with the party crashed and their presents crushed, the powerpuff girls have finally been defeated.    mojo: defeated. what are you talking about. princess: you gave everyone candy. bossman: everyone loves candy. him: oh, simpleminded mortals. you must plan for the future. what is candy today becomes cavities tomorrow. princess: just admit it. you lost. mojo: you destroyed no one. bossman: yeah.    him: why destroy, when i can torture with tooth decay.  mojo: oh, brother. princess: what a sore loser. bossman:  what else is on.     professor: whats wrong, girls. blossom: were sorry, everyone. we just wanted a normal birthday party. buttercup: but everything went wrong. bubbles: our birthday was a disaster. rainbow: ha. are you kidding. that was the greatest birthday party ever. ms. keane: yes. it was super. superheroic.  professor: you see, girls. everything turned out all right. mayor: speak for yourselves. that candy gave me a doozy of a toothache.    whitfield:  and so once again the day is saved, thanks to the powerpuff girls. narrator: hey, buddy, thats my line. let me show you how its done, junior.    narrator: so once again the day is savedthanks to the powerpuff girls. oh, im good. ) )