ohh, yeah.  powerpuff girls fighting crime to save the world before bedtime here's the time to shine when you're fighting crime power it up who's got the power. we got the power breaking through the wall, gonna do it all we don't quit who's got the power. we got the power oh. yeah. announcer: silk style and everything vile these were the ingredients that once made the terrible twosome the fashionistas.  bianca and barbarus were once the most welldressed supervillains in townsville, obsessed with achieving fame by any means necessary. recently released from jail, they're determined to make good on their lives. and they've got an invention to prove it. but have they truly redeemed themselves. find out on tonight's episode of "the turn around tank. " the fashionistas. good guys. i don't buy it. yeah, once a bad dude, always a bad dude. buttercup, they haven't committed any crimes since getting out of jail. you can't just put people behind bars because you don't like them. pfft. i could in buttercupsylvania. okay, fashionistas. what have you got for us. i'm so glad you asked. we're out of the slammer and here to bring glamour. introducing the smoojhi.  hmm. it looks like a scarf. ugh. yes. but can a scarf be worn like this.   together: ooh. together: ahh. whoa. look at that one. it's like a ninja mask. every smoojhi is 100% fashionista made, and it's all here in our 30page business plan, complete with graphs, charts, and selfies of us. whoa. look at that use of venn diagrams. yeah, but what's their projected sales net worth. and for every smoojhi you buy, one goes to a puppy on puppy island.  puppy island.. they have to invest. ahhhh. oh, and did i mention that they're available in our store, as in right now. as in if you don't have one, people will make fun of you. go. buy it now. go now.  together: professor. can we get it. can we get it. and don't forget to take a selfie with your smoojhi and tag it with our slogan, #looksareeverything. "looks are everything." well, that's a terrible slogan. there's no way i'm buying those for you. together: but, professor. girls, that is not a good motto to live by. and if that's what those smoojhis represent, then it's not right to support it. do you understand. no. yes, professor. yes, professor. come on. cheer up, girls. i'm sure the other parents are telling their kids the exact same thing. no smoojhis. are you allergic to cool.   uh, well, don't forget about the student council meeting tomorrow, everyone. oh, right. um, blossom, we need to talk. i can't believe they kicked me out of student council. my future is ruined. all because i don't have a bianca: smoojhi. come buy a fashionista smoojhi, because looks are everything.  well, well. if it isn't the powerpuff girls. oh. the fashionistas. we were just admiring your smoojhis. yeah. pretty impressed you've gone legit.  yes, we've put our criminal past behind us. and to prove it, we'd like to give you some complimentary smoojhis. oh, heck, yeah. no, girls. you know we can't have smoojhis. the professor made that very clear. oh, please. you're gonna take fashion advice from your father. it's not that. it's what the smoojhi represents is is prestige. honey, listen, if you want to get ahead in this world, you need to dress for respect. girl: whoa. president blossom, i am so glad we reinstated you into student council as our president. ms. president. nasa called. you're so awesome and respected that they hired you as super presidentof space.  oh, and your 5:00 is here. blossom, my darling. i've come to bring you your nobel peace prize. oh, my goodness. that's the fifth one this month, but i'm not surprised. with this smoojhi, i am dressed to impress, even the best.    uh, why are we laughing.  anyway, i suppose it wouldn't hurt to have a smoojhi, if it's for the future of the nation.  say, "looks are everything."    girls, i thought i made myself clear that i didn't want you wearing fashionista merchandise. but, professor, we got these smoojhis for free. it's not the price, it's the principle. wearing their product shows that you endorse their message. now, give them here. i'll be down in the lab, and i'm taking these smoojhis with me. well, that was a bust. guess i'm gonna get kicked out of student councilagain.  come on. let's drown our sorrow with some good ol' "space towtruck. " it's your turn to make the popcorn, blossom. okay. hmm bianca: ooh, thanks to those powerpuff girls, smoojhis are trending big time. everything is going just as planned. now's the time to use the selfie scepter to enact our plan and build our fan base. so, anyway, like i was saying, i told her together: fashionistas. you're gonna pay for those, right. fashionistas. all: fashionistas. announcer: see you next week for another episode of "space towtruck. " hey, did you ever notice how space cat and cat kent are never in the same place at the same time. oh, man. you got to check out this fanfic i wrote about that. nick: breaking news. the fashionistas are turning townsville into a glamorous metropolis of glamour. and this reporter loves it. now here's bob with the fiveday forecast. the fashionistas are hot, hot, hot. back to you, nick. they sure are, bob. let's hear what the fashionistas have to say. finally, we're the celebrities we were always meant to be, barbie. and with that selfie scepter, they can get anything they want. attention, followers. your marvelous idols have some requests. bring us a nonfat almond milk skinny double chai latte. why, thank you. totally hot, nick. ahem. we desire all of townsville's diamonds, even the tiny ones.  well, diamonds are a girl's best friend. and with their new powerpuff girl bodyguard, they're unstoppable. blossom. what.. that reversible turncoat. i can't believe she went back and put on her smoojhi. professor: what.. blossom put on a smoojhi after i specifically told her not to.. ooh.  girls, get in the car. we're going to get your sister. uh, are you sure you don't want us to fly. no. there are some things a dad just has to do.  stay in the car, girls. don't worry, professor. we're right behind car. excuse me. make way. i have to speak with my daughter. blossom. who's that tacky milkman.  look here. don't give me that blank stare, young lady. i have specifically asked you to take that smoojhi off two times now. oh, i'm very disappointed in you. uhoh. he's giving her the fingerwag/ disappointedstare combo. she's doomed. as long as you live under my roof, you have to follow my rules. ugh. this is getting old fast. blossom, shoo this milkman away, will you. and furthermore bbblossom.  both: professor. are you sure you don't want us to stay in the car.  aah. oh. we can take her on. stay in the car.  both: professor. car. all right. i've had just about enough of ugh, give it a rest. you. you're the bad influence on my daughters. oh, man. he's going full dad. stop manipulating my daughter. stay back, you outdated poseur. aah. he's got our selfie scepter.  oh. are you sure you don't need any no. stay in the car. oh. whoa. whoa. you still got to pay for those.  fashion police. looks like you're out of glamour and into the slammer. aah.  hmm. okay. finished. i pulled out all the weeds, cleaned the gutters, and washed the car. can we get out of the car now. no. because we're going out for ice cream. narrator: and so, once again, the day is saved thanks to professor utonium and the power of good parenting. powerpuff girls fighting crime yeah. saving the world before bedtime battling evil toetotoe oh, no. saving the day, a powerpuff goal ) )