1 thank grop, they have an orbble pump. i thought we were gonna have to hoof it forever. whew. y'all teed up. produce the juice. this might take a while. hey, buddy, could you run in and grab me a drink. i could use a thunder blazz right about now. you got it. one thunder blazz coming right up. sylvia, i am honored you have chosen me to requisition this refreshment for you, and i will not let you down. he's taking all the thunder blazz. ahem. sorry. after you. never hurts to help. phew. never hurts to help. no more thunder blazz. that's fine. i'll get sylvia something just as good. yeah, it just needs to be fizzy, refreshing, and totally blorped. got it. "fizzy, but not refreshing or totally blorped. " "refreshing but not fizzy, and only somewhat blorped. " "totally blorped. and fuzzy and refracting". "flatulent, refruzzled, and terminally blarped. " "fraudulent, reflarzled, and eternally blorked. " "frembulous, regargled, and essentially zonked. " "midgrade industrial rocket fuel, not for consumption".. oh. bottles, bottles everywhere, but no thunder blazz to drink. oops. watch out for that mat. oh, why, thank you. oh, why, thank you. never hurts to help. yeah. excuse me, fine sir, but i came here looking for a bottle of thunder blazz for my heatstricken friend out there but then, i held the door for a very long man while another man took all but the last bottle that was taken by the long man, then i tried to find a replacement but couldn't. can you please use your considerable expertise to help me find a similar beverage that might be perfect for my parched pal. i don't know, man. fountain drinks. yes. of course. you are so good at your job. fizzy fruit punch. refreshing raspberry. totally blorped blorpberry. yes.. is it okay if i mix some of these together, or is that frowned upon in this fine establishment. yeah, man, it's fine. are you sure. don't make a special exception for me. yes, everybody does it, okay. perfect. that's a fine approximation of thunder blazz if i do say so myself. careful of the mat. ah, you got it. nice work. one fountain beverage reminiscent of thunder blazz, please. 1. 99. you're a penny short. it's okay, man. just take one from the dish. no, i can't. what if somebody else needs those coins more than me like a mother buying medicine for a baby, or a grandmother buying a cane she needs to walk, or a man buying a boat so he can take the boat to an island to rescue his lost love. what if they need those pennies.. we don't sell any of those things. i'll be right back. did anybody lose a penny. hey, you found my penny. thanks. yay, penny. did anyone else did any of the rest of you fine folks lose a penny. oh, sorry, sorry. one thunder blazzesque drink, please. you still want it or what. never hurts to help. look, man, i'm goin' on break, so you take some time to figure out all this. quickly, cashier, i need to purchase this purple jelly, this length of hose, and these chili pepper refrigerator magnets. it's an emergency. i'm sorry, sir. i'm not actually what part of "emergency" don't you understand.. i need your help. let's do this. and here is your change. keep it. watch out for the mat. two dollars. that's that's blazzbuyin' money. it never hurts to help. oh, sorry, sorry. i know what's gonna happen. i'm gonna turn around, there's gonna be another huge line, and something's gonna happen that keeps me from getting sylvia her thunder blazzesque drink. here comes wander now here comes wander now gonna buy his thunder blazz gonna buy his thunder blazz here comes wa oh, no. the mat. you gonna help clean that up. huh, a bottle of thunder blazz. a bottle of thunder blazz. money, drink, now, please. 1. 99. oh, honey, i know. you were gonna pay for it all by yourself. finally. i kinda thought you were gonna rob the place. oh, my. are you sure. never hurts to help. hey, buddy, how's it goin'. you were in there forever. i failed you, sylvia. i'm just a big ol' failure mcfailureson. i tried so hard to get you a thunder blazz, but every time i almost uh, thank you. she thought you looked thirsty. never hurts to help. hm, nice kid. yeah, she sure is. feel the blazz thunder blazz. oh, by the way, we have, like, five more hours left on this thing. really. great, 'cause i got a mat to nail down. come on, the suspense is killin' me, wander. what's the surprise. well, it took some doin', but sylvia the zbornak, i'm about to make one of your biggest dreams come true. you're gonna bury me in jellyfish pie and let me eat my way out. no. look. dumdadada. ladies and race fans, welcome to the 500th annual once a year, the planets of this galaxy align to form the deadliest race course in the universe. only the bravest racers dare face the insaneest race in outer space. oh, wander, you have no idea what you've done. i knew you'd like it, 'cause i remember you tellin' me that, back in the day, you used to race in the galactic conjunction 6000. and it was your dream to finally win it. but you never did, 'cause i ain't got what it takes. you ain't got what it takes. well to that, i say. your dream awaits you, my fast but unfulfilled friend. you just have to take the first step. oh, this is bad, wander. this is real bad. i don't do well at these things. you'll do great. you're so fast and strong. that's not what i mean. i know i'm fast, i know i'm strong. i also know that i'm ticktock, ticktock, ticktock. oh, no. ticktock, ticktock, ticktock. heh, look who's back in the race this year, stok. ticktock, ticktock, ticktock, ticktock. harvax, nice to see you. how have you been. this is just a mistake. i'm not gonna win. i know. 'cause it's just a matter of time until ticktock, ticktock, ticktock. boom. well, they seemed awfully nice. except what was with all that "ticktock, ticktock." it's because of my nickname. nickname. you had a racing nickname. let's see, ticktock. was it quicky mcquickerson, because you ran so fast, you always beat the clock. no. the royal lady, lady laterson, because you're always late. no. roger. roger the clock maker, because you used to make clocks. no. ticktock, ticktock. what another name ticktock, ticktock, ticktock, ticktock. boom. nah, that ain't no boom. you ain't seen no boom. first, her eyes go red. then, her comb stands up all pointylike. then the veins pop out of her neck, and she starts foamin' at the mouth. then just when she's had enough, boom, that's when the time bomb really goes off. and that's when she loses. time bomb. time bomb. get zlorged, puny. comin' through. your butt is mine. hey there, syl old girl. it's your old pal wander comin' at ya on your a. m. dial. it's time to simmer down, clown, and let the soothing sax of dr. smooth soothe your soul. oh, thanks, pal. surprisingly, that actually helped. whoop, pardon me, ma'am. oh, no. you cut me off. whoa. i do apologize, ma'am. i believe i was completely within my rights, although, if i overstepped my bounds i'll overstep your bounds. my most humble apologies, your tttime bombness. see, wander. competition. that's my problem. it changes me. it turns me into that's why they call me the time bomb. that's why i've never won the race. i should just quit before i really explode. no, you can do this, sylvia. i've seen you face down a fivefangled staunchmonger and barely bat an eyelid. if you're strong enough to overcome that, then you've gotta be strong enough to overcome your anger, and win this thing. no, i'm beyond help. you might be beyond help, but we're not. your tried and true trusty old pal wander is stickin' by your side. together, we can take on any obstacle that we may find. except that one. oh, this is not good. not good, not good, not good, not good. you've got this, syl. huh. what. just listen to my voice, and i'll guide you. forget the racers, forget the race. just zone on out to your happy place. happy place. marshfalaffle apple meadow. ooh, good one. here we go. left, left, straight. hard right, duck, left, jump. jump more, shimmy step right. shimmy step left. ooh, back flip. now here comes the tricky part. right, right, left, left, left, jump right, left jump, jump, jump, left, right, down spin, turn right, right, duck, duck, goose. sylvia, i've got another surprise. what. we made it. what.. and we're in the lead. we're gonna win. you're gonna win. ticktock, ticktock, ticktock. don't listen to them, sylvia. your competition is with yourself, not them. ticktock, ticktock. sylvia. ticktock, ticktock. don't do it. ticktock, ticktock. isn't it about time you went off. time bomb. sylvia, no. marshfalaffle apple meadow. marshfalaffle apple meadow. get off my back. whoa. whoa. boom. that she blows. wander. excuse me, sorry. i beg your pardon. sorry. wander. are you okay. oh, wander, wander, i'm so sorry. i can't believe what my horrible temper made me do to you. i wanna control this. i really do. i think no, i know i can, but not alone. will you help me. time's awastin'. we gotta get a move on if we're gonna win this thing. here come our leaders as we go into the final stretch. it's harvax and stok out in front, with wander and sylvia close behind. whoa. ticktock, ticktock, ticktock, ticktock, ticktock hey. marshfalaffle. whew. thanks. i got this. take it easy, sylvia take it easy, sylvia take it easy, sylvia take it easy, sylvia take it easy, sylvia they are neck and neck. who will it be. and harvax wins by a nose. oh, sorry. you okay, sylvia. are you kidding. i'm fanfleevingtastic. i may have gotten second place in the galactic conjunction 6000, but i got first place in the race against myself. still would've been fun to have won. your attention, please. after further review, harvax and stok have been disqualified for using a fake proboscis. therefore, i give you the new winners of the galactic conjunction 6000, wander and sylvia. oh, yes. in your face, harvax, 'cause you just got defused. oh. marshfalaffle apple meadow represent. well, now that we've got your temper under control, we'll work on you being a sore winner next. allow me. well, there ain't no doubt about the power of thunder lift you up when you're feeling under now so refreshing and oh, so fizzy, yeah consult your doctor if you're feelin' dizzy feel the blazz thunder, thunder, thunder blazz feel the blazz thunder, thunder, thunder blazz feel the blazz thunder blazz. )