1  yip bi di dit bip bieeididit wander over yonder yip bi di dit bip bieeididit wander over yonder wander wander over over yonder yonder wander yonder yip bi di dit bip bieeididit wander over yonder alright. hater. yip bi di dit bip bieeididit wander over yonder yip bi di dit bip bieeididit wander over yonder wander wander over over yonder yonder wander yonder yip bi di dit bip bieeididit wander over yonder sylvia: eons ago, a beacon of hope shone forth to guard the good and wipe out the wicked. the might, the myth, the mech known as robomechabotatron. a nearly indestructible suit of armor, created to save the galaxy from threats no one planet alone could face. its mission complete, the robomechabotatron was entombed on a hidden planet until the galaxy needed it again. a cosmic superweapon. a crusader for justice. robomechabotatron. sure sounds nifty. nifty. we are talking about a legendary robosuit that could save the entire galaxy from dominator. sorry, was neato more of the response you were looking for. peepers: equipped with four unique battle stations, lunatanium shields, and a lasomatic broadaxe stronger than 23 krampulons.. ooh. i have no idea what any of that means. peepers: it means, with this mech, we can conquer dominator, and the entire galaxy. i want that roboshamalamadingdong.. and have it, you shall. behold. the robomechabota you.. you.. me. that. the robomekaleka mechahimichonga habbahooba all: ooh. dibs. nuhuh. that mecha's ours. and we're not gonna let you use it to take over the galaxy. no way, horseay. we're taking down dominator. you're just gonna use the mech to give out giant hugs or something. whoa, whoa, whoa. if we're all saving the galaxy from dominator, why don't we drive this thingamajig together. the four of us working side by side as one big, happy team. hater: it's my robobabybuggybumper. flab drass it. locked. did you check under the mat. wander, this is an ancient class nine ultramech warrior. they're not gonna hide found it. aw, looks like i got the robomeenieminiemotron and you got nada. sorry.. just to be clear, i'm being sarcastic. i do not feel bad about this at all.  run, run, you easily terrified chicken things and this is weak. lord dominator, sensors have located the four individuals designated "those idiots. " subjects are commandeering a dcommission class nine ultramech warrior. wait, what. robomechabotatron.. shut up.. now that's a challenge. initiate metamorphosis. all right, bring on the giant robot fight. "congratulations on your purchase of robomechabotatron. for optimal use and care, please read this manual completely before" manual schmanual. go, roborowyourboat, go. arm cannon. nice. laser axe. sweet. what's this do. oh, yeah. but wait. it feels like something's missing. peepers: one step ahead of you, sir.  hater: let's go kick some dominator butt.  why aren't we kicking dominator butt. uh, well, there are four control centers. two arms and two legs, which means  sylvia: open up. four pilots. forget that. just gotta use momentum to shimmy us forward.  go, robo blahblahblah. go.. sylvia: sorry, hater. we got a leg up on you. hey, since we're all here, why not drive this doohickey together. now is not the time to teach these selfish jerks about teamwork. it's time to save the galaxy.  sylvia: go, robomechabotatron, go.  huh. the flarfin' door is jammed. oh, you gotta be kidding me.  hater: open up. sure seems like we could use a hand. and by hand, i mean a metaphorical helping hand. but also, a literal hand. yep, a helpful handhelping hand sure would come in handy right now. i get it. the hand. and no, they can't. i got this.     where are they. finally. let's do oh, it's you. situation report. robomechabotatron has not yet arrived. oh, really. what tipped you off. the complete lack of awesome robot fighting.. get outta my mech face.  what is taking those dorks so long.  maybe if you hold one foot wander. wander. mi roboto es su roboto. whoa. wander, are you nuts. you can't trust these two. it's my robomccrackalackadon. you're not even saying it right.  stop..  come on, guys. robomechabotatron that's not how you say it. was created to save the galaxy from threats no one planet could face. the galaxy is bigger than any one of us, and it needs all of us to save it. in the spirit of this mighty mech, should we not put aside our petty differences to work together and save the galaxy.. if we have to. fine. whatevs. seems like we're becomin' friends. all: battle stations.  hey, it's actually working. that's because there is no "i" in robomechabotatron. i think. dooropening sequence, activate. go, robo mecha bota tron. all: go. all: dominator. wander: dominator. i'm done waiting. mama wants a robo battle, and mama wants it now. bring it on.  whoa, whoa, whoa. i didn't know we were gonna be fighting with this dudette. what else do you do with a supercharged attack suit. this whosamawhatsis could be doing so much more good than harm. fixing roads, transporting supplies, giving out giant hugs. i knew it. every time. um, any day now. sylvia: one second. look, you're the one who wanted us to team up. so are you gonna join us in this sure to be totally ugly robot fight or not.  if that's what the group wants, i won't try to stop you. the galaxy thanks you, buddy. all: activate battle mode. finally. go, robo mecha bota hater: what the why did i wanna use my laser axe.  wander, what's going on down there. sorry. i won't stop ya, but i gotta stand for what i believe in. hey, we doin' this or what. forget it. we don't need him. feel the might of robomochasaskatchewan. no, no, no, no, no.  activate escape mode. dominator: but my giant robo fight.  you know what. fine. i can still roast those dumb cluckons with this thing. in your absence, the cluckons had enough time to evacuate. the chickens have flown the coop.  forget it. you guys are the worst, and i hate you all. would ya look at that. even without a fight, we still rescued cluckon. see. working together saved the day. all in favor of never working together again peepers and sylvia: aye. seems like we're becoming friends. gross. bleh.   flab drassin' dominator won't fold right grop darn map destroyin' the entire galaxy. gaaaaa.  she can't be stopped. she's too powerful. there's no hope. uh, hello. she can't be stopped. too powerful, no hope. oh, no. put that thing back in there. i'm supposed to be the worried one. if you give up, then we really are saying nope to hope, and i just can't cope with that, so suck that back up, mister. oh. gotta find some hope, gotta find some hope. ha. there. see. if that flower can blossom amidst the chaos, then there really is hope. no, no, no, no. dominator might destroy every planet from here to eternity, but she will not destroy this. we're gonna do everything we can to save this flower. okay, before we begin, we need to deduce what species this flower belongs to. that will allow us to accurately pinpoint its specific needs while we conduct a full seismological study, and then we can go forward and find out what exactly the needs are to reproduce the flower. no need to overthink this. plants need water. stop. you can't just dump water on it willynilly. too much and you risk drowning the root system. too little and it won't get the nutrients it needs from the soil. i'll be careful. okay, that's too careful. what, are you crazy.. just a little too much. little more. agh. more. a little less. less more. hey, you know what. plants also need sunlight. no sun. no problem. let there be light. plant food. plants gotta eat, right. hey, yeah. i just happen to have a pintsize potluck perfect for our puckered plant. oh, no. plant food coma. you know we're trying to save your stamen here, right. music. i hear plants love the good vibrations of a positive ditty. guess it's worth a shot. when darkness comes acreepin' and you're feelin' down just accept your sadness and oh, who cares. all right. i got this. little planty, please know we are here to help you oh, little planty, the whole of the galaxy rests on you, but no pressure doodadoodoo doo that bad, huh. no. i really appreciate the effort, syl. and i don't mean to be so teary and dreary. i just have to accept that nothing in the world can save little planty.  nothing on this world.  this place is great.  wander. quicksand. nature's devious trap.  a greenhouse. a controlled environment, a friendly caretaker. this is for the best.  why is it so hard to find a place with a mild climate, slightly acidic soil, and absolutely no grop darn giant bees..  "mild climate, slightly acidic soil, free of giant bees. " gentle breezes out of the northeast. that'd be the icing on the cake, but it's okay, syl. i'll be fine. i just have to accept that planty's a doomed bloom. an ephemeral perennial. a sprout that must drop out. a plant who simply can't.  this place is perfect. we did it. we saved the flower. maybe there's hope after all. aw, that's so sweet.  planet k129cx is ready for domination. change of plans. set destination coordinates for some soulcrushin' fun. no, no, no. is it a giant bee. just the biggest bee in the galaxy. both: dominator.  dominator, you can destroy planets, you can destroy the galaxy but as long as we're standing, you'll never destroy this flower. wow. i had no idea what hokey saps you were. blah blah blah. "as long as i'm standing" i can't believe you actually said that out loud. for that, i'm taking you all down.    give it. give it back. you know, when you utterly demolish planet after planet, it's easy to lose sight of the little things that you are also demolishing in the process. a bird singing, this stupid flower. any hope of your survival all crumbling within my cold, fiery grasp. you gotta love what you do, am i right. oh, wow. is this seriously really sad for both of you. hold up. all right, enough fun. say goodbye, wander and the zbornak. i wanna say sybil. ah, who cares. you're both doomed. ahchoo. gesundheit. ahchoo. gesundheit again.  get them ahchoo. did not compute. this choo isn't choo over choo. i'll get ahchoo. raachoo.   dominator isn't unstoppable. she can be defeated. sure, hay fever really isn't an effective longterm plan for thwarting a maniacal evil villain, but it's something. see, wander, there's always hope.  no. it's too late. sylvia: noooo. i can bring it back. sylvia. i think i feel a pulse. sylvia. i won't fail you, wander. no. sylvia, you tried your hardest to save this flower. and it decided to return the favor by saving us. it's not bad to be sad. but i can't have you sad or everything's hopeless. just because i'm sad doesn't mean i've given up hope. you haven't. nope. wander, i promise, we'll stop dominator and we'll figure out a way to restore this galaxy. ya think. i sure hope so.  bots. ahchoo. after ahchoo will you get ahchoo.   )