1 yip bi di dit bip bieeididit wander over yonder yip bi di dit bip bieeididit wander over yonder wander wander over over yonder yonder wander yonder yip bi di dit bip bieeididit wander over yonder alright. hater. yip bi di dit bip bieeididit wander over yonder yip bi di dit bip bieeididit wander over yonder wander wander over over yonder yonder wander yonder yip bi di dit bip bieeididit wander over yonder the ring of invincibility shall be mine. this wasn't exactly part of my plan. "your plan." what do you mean, your plan. well there's a fall flower fling atop the alkaloid trapazoid station. pass it on. there's a tall shower thing in vince and lilly's shop on the android planetoid for dalmatians. pass it on. there's an allpowerful ring of invincibility at the top of the blastroid asteroid formation.. set a course. with that ring, i shall be unstoppable. perfect. wait, i'm confused. how did you even know there was a ring of invincibility here. i put it there. what. where did you find a a well ahem. excuse me, kind sir. which of these candy rings is the most romantic. okay, so you planted an "ultimate weapon of power," and then you told everyone in the galaxy about it, and you didn't expect every villain in the galaxy to come and claim it. uhuh. i was just hoping for hater and dominator. but why. if hater's gonna ask dominator to get married, she's gonna need a ring. what.. well that's right. dominator's greater. best villain. ooh, aah. that's right, ooh, yeah. oh, one of these, one of these. and one, two, three. lady.. you've really gotta start filling me in on these plans. hater's always talking about how he wants a girlfriend. so i devised a perfect setup to get hater and dominator to show up here. they'll fall in love, that love will cancel out all their evil, and everything will be great forever. or they become twice as evil, and conquer the galaxy together. nah. keep at it, sir. this is our chance. if we get to that ring of invincibility, then we can trounce these chumps, and finally reclaim the title of the greatest in the galaxy. # let's get awesome. # please. ha. huh. let's get awesome. later, nerds. smashtag greatest in the galaxy, smashtag awesome out. oh, no. we gotta get hater to the top. dominator's not even here yet. good. i don't think i can protect you out there. sylvia, sylvia, sylvia. they say love is a battlefield. this is an actual battlefield. look, i get it. you wanna help everybody, no matter how many times they try to destroy us. it's like your thing. but all this is beyond nuts. wander. quit hitting yourself. quit hitting yourself. quit hitting yourself. why are you hitting yourself. quit hitting yourself. quit hitting yourself. hey, hatey. huh. i'm gonna go get that ring of invincibility and use it to make everybody in the galaxy best friends. betcha can't catch me. wander.. please, sir, we're so close. don't stop doing what you're doing. go, sir. go. don't worry, buddy. i'm coming. not this time, zbornak. you don't understand. the ring's a fake. enough tricks. it's go time. darn it, we don't have time for oh, who am i kidding. i've been so looking forward to this. best meetcute ever. hey, hey, it's me. i did it, so i'm gonna get this ring now, and i'm the greatest or whatever. wait. who are you. oh, oh, um i'm the terrible, super mean villain something the soandso. i'm really strong. and i'm gonna use this ring to take over the solar system, or blow it up or or maybe just turn you guys into my minions or monkeys or something. shoot, i don't know. i really should've put more thought into this. but it's late i have this cape, so, uh dude, put down the ring and come back when you're betterprepared. yeah, yeah. yeah, i'm really i'm sorry. i was just, uh just put this back. yeah, sorry. uh bye. get back here. that's it, just a couple more platforms until happily ever after. now, lord hater, tremble before the might of kraagghthrrr. fat chance, kragthar. no, no, it's pronounced kraagghthrrr. that's what i said. krggaggathar. kraagghthrrr. like, raagghthrrr, but with a k in front. oh, no, what else could go wrong. oh, i don't know. how about evil sandwich.. evil sandwich sourdough. thank you so much for distracting lord hater. with him out of the way, there'll be no stopping me from claiming the ring, and becoming the greatest in the galaxy. evil sandwich i am sorry to have to do this, but you leave me no choice. what. bro, bro, you can't eat me. you're a vegetarian. i don't need to eat you to beat you. picnic time. help me, help me, you buffoons. over here. no, here, you imbeciles. i'm the sandwich that's talking. i am really sorry about this, but love is on the line. thank you for understanding. oh, no, you don't, you furry orange freak. later, krrrraigtharrr. it's kraagghthaaaarrrrr. i am so sorry. i feel real bad about this, but it's all in the name of love. quickly, my robots. get them. sorry. i'll make sure you get an extra slice of cake at the wedding. i'm too old for this nonsense. i need a nap. i'm trying to tell you, there's no ring of invincibility. it's just a con. how do i know you saying it's a con isn't a con. i was ready to get off this stinkin' rock, and leave you jerks here to destroy each other. but then, he ran off without thinking, even though i told him not to, and threw himself into a dangerous situation without any kind of plan or exit strategy, and left me behind to save his butt and clean up his mess. do you have any idea what's it's like to have a fool for a friend. okay, so i kinda sorta helped lord hater to beat a bunch of rival villains, thus making him even more of a bad guy than he already was. but it'll all be worth it when he's in love, and reformed, and going antiquing on his honeymoon. right. another banana peel. who would've left a oh, no. not dr. screwball jones. ah, there you are. i was starting to miss you a whole bunch. your senseless spree of punnish pandemonium is over before it began. i didn't want to do this, but i have to. for love. oh, blast. i've been blasted. the situation is grave. no time for gallows humor. i should be deadly serious. oh. oh, i hope i get a tomb with a view. oh, doom with a view would also work. okay, come on now. that's enough. she came. whoohoo. finally, operation romance is go. ooh, hoohoo. oh, man. i can't believe all these idiots are in the same place. this'll be like shooting dorks in a barrel. but what'll i use to stop 'em. it's gotta be perfect. blood scythe. hammer hand. ooh, giant spinning buzz saw arms. a zillion tiny spikes that shoot out a zillion tiny poison darts that make your tongue swell up and you're all, "gah, no. betrayed by my own tongue. curse you, dominator, curse you" oh. magma cannons. classic. yes. okay, calm down, d. focus. game face. game face. it's go time. oh, no. if the black cube gets the ring of invincibility, he'll be unstoppable. i'm just a little black cube of darkness a little black cube of darkness i'm so cool. she's coming, she's coming, she's coming, she's coming. this is it. come on, hatey. hatey. oh, no, what have i done. you're too wounded to woo. too harmed to charm, too pooped to propose. come on, buddy. just one more platform, and i promise you'll get what you want most in the universe. hey, hater, i'm gonna tell everyone in the galaxy how we're best friends. don't you wanna stop me. let's go. whoo. oh, it's no use. i guess dominator'll just take the ring of invincibility, and become the greatest in the galaxy. dominator. i hate that guy. this is it. it's all happening. oh, boy, they're gonna love each other. lord dominator. lord hater. oh, no, they're gonna kill each other. stop, stop. new plan, new plan. get away from there. i call dibs on the ring. had enough zbornak. i'm just gettin' started, you optic nerd. huh. must stop their fighting. must give toast at 30th wedding anniversary. oh, no. dominator's gonna kill him. fiveminute break. fiveminute break. commander peepers and sylvia stop it. there's got to be a better way. you two have so much in common. you both want to control the galaxy. you both want to destroy each other. you both like skulls. let's use that as a foundation and build from there. i was totally holding back before, but now you shall know the full fury of lord ow. that super burny. stop being so cool. okay, new plan. if romance won't come to the mountain, then the mountain must become romantic. such a beautiful couple deserves ze beautiful flowers. or a romantico dinner. mwah. okay, maybe we're being too forward. how about a lowstakes coffee date. the cinnamon, it burns. how can he stare longingly into your eyes if he can't see your face. yes. nothing will keep me from that ring, for i am lord hater wander. oh, thank grop you're okay. i thought something terrible happened. something terrible did happen. this is less of a meetcute and more of a meet "i'm going to destroy you." your heart's in the right place, buddy, but if we don't bolt, the rest of you is gonna be splattered all over the mountain. but if hater and dominator don't fall in love, they'll never get married and invest in a midsize time share on zyzzx.... uh what. that's what i said. i am lord hater. the greatest in the galaxy. let's get outta here. no. this has got to work. i have a series of ice breakers. "what's your favorite time of day. what embarrassing thing have you never told anybody. what's your favorite type of chocolate." kneel. kneel before dominator. the greatest in the galaxy. no, but they were supposed to and now they and now she and it didn't work. i really thought, with love in his life, hater would finally learn there's no point in being so angry and evil all the time. i'm sorry, buddy. love is a battlefield, and sometimes, you lose. dominator's greater. best villain. dominator's greater. best villain. haaaaate. lady. i you. lady. i so cool. pretty. not hate. like. mmm. blorpberry. sir. sir. sir. well, at least i think he likes her. we kinda sorta won. whoohoo. pretty lady. soft smells nice. lovely not hate. pretty sir this is gonna be the whole thing, isn't it. )