1  yip bi di dit bip bieeididit wander over yonder yip bi di dit bip bieeididit wander over yonder wander wander over over yonder yonder wander yonder yip bi di dit bip bieeididit wander over yonder alright. hater. yip bi di dit bip bieeididit wander over yonder yip bi di dit bip bieeididit wander over yonder wander wander over over yonder yonder wander yonder yip bi di dit bip bieeididit wander over yonder     angela, mom and dad are gonna be worried sick. what was so important that you ran off in the middle of an evacuation..  aw, sweetie. it's alright, melodie. i can get us back to the escape ship. i'll just jump out and be all like, "hey, robodorks. i'm gonna rewire your hardware." bam. pow. that's crazy. we should lie low and wait for this to blow over. maybe we could just, um ask the robots to not be so mean. i'm really liking my "hey, robodorks" plan. well, whatever we do, we have to do it fast or we'll miss our escape ship.  i'll scramble their circuits. no. i'm too young for half of me to die. jamie. david. hank. it'll be ok, the hero of legend will save us. of course. duh. the hero will totally stop dominator. what's the matter. you've never heard the legend of the hero. he's a hundred feet tall. i heard he ate a supernova on a dare. he fights for what's right. he's   oh no. stop hat and roll. what are you kids still doing here.. dominator's gonna crack this planet in half any second now.  don't worry, ma'am. "ma'am". the hero's gonna arrive to save us. he can handle anything.  well, until that guy shows up  maybe we get you to your folks.  boy, we sure are lucky we found you kids. aw, we woulda been fine, mister. the hero woulda saved us. oooh. which hero. prince cashmere. stella starbella. sir bradley starlight. naw, not those jokers. the hero. he's a mythical furry creature. i heard he took out lord hater himself. wander: oh really.  i hereby conquer this planet in the name of lord hater. the greatest in the galaxy.    wander: aw is he givin' him a lovin' friendship hug. hank: nah. he's squeezing the life out of him.  oh. okay.   don't listen to hank. he's got the hero all wrong. he's super cool n' edgy. he won't just save the planet, he'll make dominator look like a dork too.  plus he was around way before hater. i heard he took down major threat. major threat: the million year darkness is nigh. once i've blotted out the sun, a reign of fear and    oh no.  aw, sorry major threat. did i do dat.. major bummer.  did i mention he's super witty and hilarious. when you're a stupid dummy and you got a stupid face agghh. oh yeah.. well, how would you like this..   oh yeah. well, how would you like mustard or mayo.. mustard or mayo.. mustard or mayo.. mustard or mayo.. please stop. you are so totally radical.. beedle deedle dee. annoying.    yip bi di dit bip bieeididit.   but iii don't sylvia, i would never iii i know, buddy. some kids are just really intense. no way, jamie. he's a monster. he's an outlaw. monster. outlaw. monster. outlaw. please. stop. the hero isn't mean. he's kind and curious. he's kinda like a little kid. what a neat town this is. i'll have to remember to take lots of neat pictures to remember this neat town by.   wha.  david: and he doesn't travel alone. he's got a big, strong friend that protects him from bad stuff like galactic dictators. 'bout time. what. what. nothing. oh no. there shouldn't be a monster here. i'm going to need help to stop it. come in silver 7. i need you.   silver 7 silver 7 ultra robot fighting force silver 7 silver 7 supermechanized wonder horse your monstersmashing friend until the end silver 7 silver 7 child: silver 7, activate protocol duchess. i love you silver 7. silver 7 silver 7 your monstersmashing friend until the end silver 7 silver 7 oh kay. well, according to my calculations, your planet's escape ship should be passing by in the morning, so unless anybody else has any nonrobot horse theories, maybe we should all get a little rest. "theories". please. that was cute for fanfiction, but it's hardly canon. the hero isn't like that. oh, yeah. how do you know. because i know where he comes from. you do. you do. you do. you do. oh yes. his true origins are dark and complex, with lots of twists and feels. so many feels. at the dawn of time, there was a race of star nomads who travelled the galaxy spreading light and joy. but the youngest and most innocent nomad wandered off, and his uncontrollable curiosity accidentally released an ancient evil  that corrupted his father, turning him into a creature of pure hate. shocking twist. racked with guilt, the hero travels the galaxy, trying to undo the mistakes of his past, while also trying to find his longlost sister who has sworn revenge against him. double twist. to survive, he'll have to unlock his inner strength, compassion, courage, and the power of the wolf.  this horrible curse hank: wait, i thought it was inner strength. melodie: inner strength can be a curse.  it can only be lifted by his true love a secret winged princess. hank: aww, come on. jamie: are you kidding. silence. this is only part one of a three part trilogy. soooo so you see, emperor awesome's his halfbrother and the evil sandwich is his cousin and but he still crushes villains right.. dudes' gotta have a guitar. what about silver 7, his friend to the end.    this is not happening. we're doomed. this is not happening. we're dead. what are we gonna do. the hero's not here yet. wander: the escape ship. how can we get the kids up there with bots focused on the ship. easy. they'll be focused on us. hey, fellas, perhaps you would like a warm, distracting hug.. sylvia, activate protocol orbit away. thanks. thanks, ma'am. thank you. and don't worry. when we find him, we'll send the hero back to help you. hey, why didn't you set those kids straight and tell them the truth. aw, syl, it doesn't matter if the stories are true or not. all that matters is that they give them hope.  now ride, silver 7, ride.    nothing. we have nothing. no power, no planets, no plan. dominator's obliterating the entire galaxy, and i've got no idea how to stop her. and she won't even go on a date with me. sir, i'm sure being rejected by your most hated enemy that you're also in love with feels bad. but we really, really, really need a plan, and i can't believe i'm saying this, but i could really use your help. yes. that's it. really.. you know how to stop dominator. don't fret, cpeeps, i have the perrrfect plan. oh, thank grop. i'm gonna finally go tell our neighbor to clean up his stupid lawn.  with all due respect, sir, we came to suburbon v to lay low. dominator would never look for us in this boring culdesac, thus making it the perfect place to hide while we formulate our plan to save the galaxy so we can take it over again. but that jerk has the messiest yard on the block and his leaves keep blowing onto our rahh. he's doing it on purpose.  may have lost the galaxy but i'm not gonna let some dumbwad neighbor mess with my turf. whaddup, neighbroham. wha . awesome in da culdasizzy. wha what.  what are you doing here.. oh, uh, totally not terrified and hiding from dd ddomi that lady villain and her horrifying, universeending onslaught and her fiery fiery fists, and don't let her get me. nooo.  oh, um,  why are you here. uh, totally not what you just said. right. so. wassup. well, neighbor, i just wanted to come by and say clean up your filthy leaves... please. she may be in charge up there, but down here, this is my culdesizzy. so cross me and it'll be the end of the road, neighbor. watchdogs, eyes up. fist fighters, punch it. no. no powers, no armies, no fighting, or we'll be found out. sir, is this one of those things where you obsess over something to cover up the real issue. of course not. i just refuse to be publicly humiliated by dominator i mean, domineighbor.  our dumb neighbor.  and there it is. ok, listen. just stay on your side of the street, you stay on ours, and for everyone's safety, shake hands and be neighborly.   no. no "grrr". inside, both of you. ok, sir, new plan. what do we know about dominator.   clean enough for ya, neighbor.    you're welcome.  raa. raa. raa. raa. raa. raa. raa. raa raa raa raa raa sir, please, this is pointless. we need to get some sleep and strategize fresh in the morning. right right. in the morning.   aw, good morning, mr. hater. morning, jimmy.  go on, tim, do your business. good boy, captain tim.   yes. the plan. the plan. hater: yes the plan. now peepers, how can i help. really, you're not gonna. what about awesome. ha. i've got a feeling awesome won't be bothering us ever again. bbut how did he. the acid totally sir, now is not the time for a series of hairbrained competitive antics. it's plan time and i really need your help.  audience: aww  head back to the culdesac to find a little peace and quiet but my next door neighbor's getting on my nerves and now sparks are flying, it's bad neighbors bad neighbors every time i go outside bad neighbors bad neighbors every occupy for bad neighbors       awesome. mmhm mmhm, weld the tradwell to the fluxxor, supercharge the overthrusting oscillator, reflavven the aximus, and and done. i think i finally solved it, sir. sir.  stupid wind. bat must be crooked. ball's not regulation. too much gravity.  inside. now. to get my bat. no. to give me your opinion on my brilliant plan and what is that infernal beeping..  a moving truck. awesome is moving out. yes, i did it. i win. i win. i win. now that i have your full, uninterrupted attention, allow me to present my plan to stop dominator and take back the galaxy. behold the one, the only   oh, awesome. i heard you were leaving and never ever ever ever ever eeeeever coming back. welp, tata, don't drop by anytime. the only thing i'll be dropping is the phattest of beats at my sick end of the galaxy barbecue. that's right. all the escaped villains will be there. the cool ones, anyway. if d dominaaahh if she. is gonna take us out, we're going down partyin'. we'll be using all the parking spots on the block, including your driveway, i'm running 14 hot tubs off your outlet. it's gonna be crazy loud, and it doesn't end until the galaxy does.  then everyone will know that emperor awesome is the greatest in the culdesac.  oh, and just to be 100% clear, here's your "non invitation. "  aww. hasta. rrrrrraaaaaa. no. no "raaaaa". you are going to sit down, shut up, and behold my ultimate plan to stop dominator.  uhh gaaahh. i knew it. this is a terrible plan. a net. a net. she shoots lava.  no, peepers, this could actually work.  really. yes. if we simply replace dominator with emperor awesome, we could totally ruin his stupid barbecue and i could become the greatest in the culdesac.   that's it. who cares about the culdesac. the galaxy is in danger. i've been asking for your help for days, but you'd rather waste your time playing pranks on a muscleheaded mackerel. do you really wanna know how to stop that guy.  just throw a better barbecue. set the grill flame to 456 degrees. foodtoguest ratio equals 3y to the npower. execute dcor protocol omicron. play "hater's chill mix" at 64 decibels. hot sauce, lemonade, multiple spoons. apron. turn. flip. turn. flip. turn. flip. and don't skimp on the cole slaw. dinner is served. whoa. check out hater's place. what. bros, you can't ditch me for that poser. sorry, loser. guess they're having too much fun over here with me: the greatest in the culdesac.  way to go, peepers. couldn't have planned it better myself. wait. do you mean to say this whole time, all your juvenile, pointless neighborhood oneupsmanship was all to inspire me, to break me out of my planning funk. you've taught me that whether it's stopping a powerful villainess or throwing the perfect barbecue, when the chips are down sometimes you need a small win to give you the confidence for a big win. oh, thank you, sir. uhhh, yeah. that thing you said. watchdogs, eyes up. i may not have an exact plan to stop dominator, but i'm confident i will. commander peepers.   oh, hey, mr. awesome. hey, jimmy.  # bad neighbors # where do all the villains go when dominator's drilled and dried send 'em back to the bad guy culdesac and watch the sparks fly, it's bad neighbors bad neighbors )