1  yip bi di dit bip bieeididit wander over yonder yip bi di dit bip bieeididit wander over yonder wander wander over over yonder yonder wander yonder yip bi di dit bip bieeididit wander over yonder alright. hater. yip bi di dit bip bieeididit wander over yonder yip bi di dit bip bieeididit wander over yonder wander wander over over yonder yonder wander yonder yip bi di dit bip bieeididit wander over yonder whoo..  that's one more. peepers, put it on the board. you're number three, sir. i'm so proud of you. hear that, biggieborp. number three. i conquered your planet, i conquered your planet, i conquered all your planets. and now it's time for  your ultimate destruction. to the torture room. whoo. sir, i really love the enthusiasm, but it's really late, and i'm really tired. can't we just destroy them in the morning. oh.. but i wanna destroy 'em now. right, guys. sir. okay. sorry, guys. peeper says we gotta wait till tomorrow. so just enjoy yourselves. and don't even think about it being the last night of your sad little lives. hater out. whoo. gah. i just wanna take his bony little skull destructor, your blood pressure.   baby, it's gonna be okay. probably not. we are all clearly doomed. wander: well, now, i wouldn't say that.  if brave wander and noble sylvia are captured, then surely all is lost. captured. please. we just needed a place to crash for the night, so we popped in. don't worry. we bust outta here all the time. we'll get you out. what the force field. that's new. grop dang it. now what are we gonna do.  come on, you are brave and noble rulers. you laugh in the face of danger. you live every day as if it was your last. but it is our last. even better. are you gonna let a little thing like certain doom get you down. no. we shall not go quietly into that good night.  we shall rage until we're out of fight. all: yeah. we shall party.. all: yeah.. wait now. what. prison party.   what the that sounds like a surprise victory party. come on, guys, where are you. you can't hide my party from me. caught you, cpeeps. huh. recorded voice: you are strong, you are evil, you are tall. so, buddy, appreciate you keeping spirits up, but shouldn't we, oh, i don't know, get outta here before we're blasted into oblivion.. syl, never underestimate the power of a party. i don't care  eoke. there's a karaoke machine.  sweet bingleborp bingleborp, bingleborp let the sunshine push away the rain how dare they throw a party in my prison and not invite me..  where's the party. no party here. just bemoaning our impending doom. oh, yeah. well, i'm gonna throw my own awesome party, and it's gonna be awesome.  whoo.      ooh. what's that. oh, it's just those stupid rulers and their stupid party. there's another party. yeah, a super lame one in the prison with karaoke, games, and scrumptious crudits. but it's in no way as awesome as this one.  excuse you. ow. hey. come on. lord hater, number one superstar. not on the list. how does one get on the list. watchdogs and deposed royalty only. ow. what's your problem, man.  ahem. it is i, deposed king, uh schmater. nailed it. all right. time to show these chumps how to party haterstyle. i mean, schmaterstyle.  cool party, huh. just a bunch of totally legit kings celebrating being destroyed by the terrible and handsome hater, what what.  i like your bracelets. these are shackles. uh cheerio, aye. we gotta let lord hater join the party.  come on. what happened to being bold, and living tonight like it's the last night of our lives. taking risks, doing crazy things, and what's crazier and riskier than partying with the guy who's gonna destroy us.  all: nothing. right. never underestimate the power of a party.  wander, what are you doing here. well, same thing you are. havin' fun, right. schmater, is it.   oh, yes. totally. i, uh, king schmater, love havin' fun. not like that nofunhaving, planettaking lord hater. ooh, i hate him so much for taking my planet. grr..  but i've got nine more songs to go. you've had enough. oh, if you're not happy if you're filled with sorrow well just party, everybody like there's no tomorrow oh, we're gonna boogie going wild we're gonna party like it's your last night alive 'cause it is, everybody. let's party. you are important. you are talented. you are a tiny little unicorn prince  with a luxurious, flowing mane.  are you filled with anger. are you filled with hate. # well just party, everybody party, everybody # and you'll feel great # we're going bonkers # we're going bonkers. # going nuts # going nuts. # we're shakin' our booty # shakin' our booty. # shakin' our butt # shakin' our butt. # we're gonna boogie # we're gonna boogie. going wild we're gonna party like it's your last night alive  let's go, everybody. oh, we're gonna party, party we're gonna party, party   schmate's great. so chillin'. schmate's great, so chillin'. all: schmate's great, so chillin'. schmate's great, so chillin'. schmate's great, so chillin'. schmate's great, so chillin'. let us party till the break of dawn. party, party, whoo.  toodleoo. goodbye. salutations. bye, you guys. thanks. so long, friends, and remember never underestimate the power of a party. or a good night's sleep.  can we go break back into the prison.   peepers: sir. sir. sir..  sir, where are the deposed rulers scheduled for destruction. i, uh don't know exactly where they went. to tell the truth, it was a pretty wild party. i'm not exactly sure what happened. was wander there. uh yeah. maybe. man, what a party. whoo.      oh, yeah. that's five five more planets that are mine. all mine. peepers, how great am i. tenth planet this week, sir, which means i'm ten steps closer to once again becoming the greatest in the galaxy. nothing can stop me now.  lord hater, your reign of terror is over. oh, my grop. it's him. it's major threat. peepers: his telekinetic powers can crush planets. that dude is the evilest evildoer that ever doed evil. sir, we're doomed. after all these years of conquering, it comes down to this. when i finally meet my idol. huge, huge fan. i know, like, all your evil deeds. you're pretty much the reason i got into villainy in the first place. threat's best. great villain. call me jeff. okay, jeff. you are like, the worst the best. best at being the worst. uh, thanks, bud. "bud." but i'm really embarrassed about all that conquering stuff. it was just take, take, take, without giving a thought to, you know, the people, man, and how they were feeling.   sorry, man, this must be a bit of a shock. i'm sure you were expecting roar. i shall destroy your soul.. and here i am, all peace and love, man.  you must be all, what. did major threat go all cuckoo in the head, right. uh, yeah. kinda thought cuckoo head, yeah. well, i did. i went cuckoo. cuckoo for conquering, until i crossed paths with this wandering weirdo. oh, no. strange visitor from who knows where who came to my galaxy with powers of positivity far beyond those of anyone. oh, no. yeah, he went around helping everyone. totally drove me even cuckooier. oh, no. i chased him around the galaxy, vowing to destroy him. yes. i mean, oh, no. yeah, and in the end, do you know what he wanted. no, what. what did wander want. i mean, what did he want. just to be my friend.  yeah, it's crazy, man. it was like he wanted me to hate him at first. when he eventually wore me down, and we became friends, i realized that if i learned to like this one thing i used to hate, then what was the point of hating all the other stuff i hated. with less hate in my heart, i might start to be happy and not be such a bad guy anymore. exactly, man. so like i was saying earlier, your reign of terror's gonna have to end, man. this aggression won't stand. nooo.. i warned you, peepers. sir, just because major threat fell prey to that wandering weirdo, it doesn't it's hopeless..  don't you see. threat was the villainiest villain of all time, and wander loved the hate right out of him. he wanderized him. and now he wants to wanderize me. here, man, let me help you fix this. that's it. i can fix you. sir, i don't think that's such a good idea. no, if i can remind him how good he is at being evil, it'll prove once and for all that bad is in the bones. you are not good. you are just bad at remembering how good it was being bad. like the time you conquered the unconquerable klangors. grop yeah, the klangors, man. i gave up being their evil dictator, and turned them on to democratic elections. okay, okay, bad example. you blew up the sun of solarion. now it's skilorian, a winter getaway and nonprofit research facility to study climate change.  you're bad. ninetyounce nihilists. you were the loudest, most evil band in the universe. oh, no, no, no. i could never quit music, man. me and the guys still hang out and jam. you see. you can be even greater by saying "later" to the hater. stop hugging everything. okay, time for the big guns. victimon. they are primed and ready for destruction. i would like you to do the honors. you're sure. oh, please. if this doesn't get the evil juices flowing, nothing will. i insist. well, uh, if you insist. yes. yes. nooo.. whoa, take her easy, man. just take her easy. oh, yeah. what are you gonna do about it, jeff. huh, man. you gonna play your stupid flute for some poor puppy orphans. i'll have your hug waitin' when you're ready. fine. you can't keep us prisoner. we're leaving. come on, peepers. sir, he never actually took us prisoner. also, technically, this is our ship. shut up. i know that. hey, hug it out, don't slug it out. oh, i'm terribly sorry. does that bother you, jeff. seriously, sir, you really ow. my retina. hey, how do you like it if i treated you like that, you know. what if i slapped your helmet off, man, huh. what if i pushed you to the ground. yeah, and take over your ship. yeah, and what if i take over your whole army, huh. then what would by grop, i forgot how good being bad feels. yeah. major threat is back, and i'm gonna conquer every planet in this whole stinkin' galaxy, starting with yours. yeah. what. i can't beat him. it's over, i'm finished. done, conquered. that dude, i mean, major threat is the evilest evildoer that ever doed evil. the only reason he was stopped last time was because oh, no. not that. oh, yeah, that's five. five more planets that are mine. all mine. pipsqueak, how great am i.  tenth planet in the last five minutes, sir, which means i'm ten steps closer to once again becoming the greatest in the galaxy. nothing can stop me now. threaty, is that you. it's me. your old pal, sunshine banjo face. why the frowny face, sir frownsalot. let's go tickle some caterpillars, and make lemonade out of snowflakes. major threat will not abide by such a disgusting display of optimism. take that and that, you gropderned flabdrassers. there's only one thing to trump the grumpies, and that's  when you wander over that way and wear a stupid hat then you help some stupid people and wear a stupid hat when the bad guys come acreepin' and lookin' really cool just do some friendly dumb things and act just like a fool  friendship.   sorry i had to fool you there, but i knew there was good deep down in those bones. oh, no. you not only helped your friends here, but you also saved yourself, man. oh, no. you'll thank me later. it's like tumbleweed always said, it never hurts to help. who. um, tumbleweed. that goofball that drove me crazy, then made me a better person. wait, wasn't his name wander. nope. folks called him tumbleweed. yes.. whoo. thank grop. oh, i was worried for a second that i was doomed to suffer the same fate as you. but i'm obviously so much better and more evil. well don't let the door hit you on the way out. i don't know what i was freaked out about. my annoying wanderer is totally different. he plays a dumb banjo and hands out stupid sandwiches and ha. mustard or mayo, mustard or mayo, mustard or mayo. oh, no.  we could plant a handful of jellybeans and grow a rainbow, or shake hands with the ladybug at the carnival in the clouds. or shave a candy cane down to peppermint glitter. or give butterfly kisses to an actual butterfly. or )