 and it's vibrating.  is that supposed to happen.  will you quit goofing around.  all i'm saying is it tickles.    cody, zack, where are you guys.  bailey, come on.  you're gonna miss the hike to the top of the temple.   do not vex me, peasant, or i will rip your heart out.  well, it's nothing my last boyfriend didn't do to me.  i have to say the hardest part was figuring out "the waters of mankind" riddle but, you know, i put the old coconut into overdrive and the answer seemed to just flow out of me.  you can say that again.  zack, can i talk to you for a second.  please excuse me, ladies.  i have to talk to my far less interesting brother.  okay, go fast.  they love me.  i can't believe you.  i spent a year translating ancient hieroglyphics, read hundreds of archeological studies, and now you're taking credit for all my work.  what do you have to say for yourself.  what do you call that thing that hangs in the back of your throat.  because when you yell like that it kind of flaps around.  zack, are you listening to a word i'm saying.  it's called a uvula.  zack, luis said he contacted the local media and they're sending someone to interview you.  but, miss tutweiller, i was the oneplus luis asked me to dinner.  this is the best thing that's ever happened to me.  is that sad.  you know what.  don't answer that.  just let me enjoy my happiness.   schmello.  it's that science magazine you were talking about.  "tomb digest".  yes, this is zack martin, the famous archemolologist.   i need to take this.  bailey, what are you doing touching my jewelry.   silence, worm.  whoa, do you have a cold or something.  i am not interested in your poorlycrafted trinkets.  poorly crafted.  this from the girl who has earrings that are dried corn niblets on a string.  i must have my crown.  it was forged in the fires of mount zool, using the finest gold and precious jewels.  plus, i wore it to prom, so it has sentimental value.  wait, you mean that thing zack found.  zack.  who be this zack.  zack be the brother of the guy you date.  where will i find him.  i don't know.  try the juice bar.  you have been of help.  i will spare your life.  this is isabel cruz, reporting from the deck of the s.s. tipton.  i am here with zachary martin, the youngand handsome.  whatever.  archaeologist who discovered the ancient crown of xaria.  so, zack, was this your first big discovery.  actually, nay.  last year i went on a harrowing search for the emerald monkey.  that's a toy he dug out of a box of marshmallow crunchy os, which was supposed to be mine because he got the stickers that came with the fruit rollies.  what was most difficult about discovering the crown.  the years of research, the painstaking digging.  i'd have to say fighting off the giant scorpions.  do you believe that.  luckily, i always carry my trusty whip.   sorry, ma'am.  so, zackwait.  before we talk more about how great i am, there really is someone i should acknowledgethe person who helped me make this historic discovery.  cody, move aside, let the slushie guy through.  this is the guy that sold me the giant drink that made me need to release " shout out, slushie dude.  get over here, you big lug.  come on.  all right.  let's get a picture of the two of us near the juice bar.  okay, and point.  hey, bailey.  that's a new look.  i see you hit the xaria gift shop too.  it pleases me more than the rags i awoke in.  oh, you got, like, a cold or something.  your voiceanyway, i'm just so steamed about this whole zack thing.  look at him over there taking credit for my work.  he basically stole the crown of xaria.  how dare he.  exactly.  he will die a thousand painful deaths.  thank you for your support, honey.  it really means a lot.  and after he's sacrificed on the altar of ixnay fufu, the lords of the underworld will carry his soul to the pit of despair.   i was just gonna write a stronglyworded letter to "tomb digest," but your way works too.  zack, i think our viewers would like to see the crown before you hand it over to the museum in a ceremony hosted by our illustrious president, the american ambassador and antonio banderas.  i should be the one meeting antonio banderas.  no problem.  luis.   stunning.  he sure is.  and he loves cats.  the crown does not belong to you.  yeah, you tell him, baby.  now you will feel my wrath.  who are you.  i am princess xaria.  i've awakened from my sleep of a thousand years to finally reclaim my crown.  give me the crown, peasant.  no way.  finders keepers.  weird.  do not mock me or i will have your head on a stick.  you don't even have a stick.  and she has a stick.  get this.  this is going to be better than my story about the coconut that looked like gloria estefan.  i need a bigger waiter.  so how's zack's big interview going.  it started out well, but now bailey's trying to whack him with a pointy stick.  ooh, fun.  not fun. not fun.  kids, kids, no running with sharp objects.  wait a minute.  legend says the princess swore to awaken again.  maybe when we unearthed the crown, we released the spirit of princess xaria and it jumped into bailey.  wow, who knew that was true.  i just thought we said that to suck in the tourists.  less talking, more helping.  bailey pickett, you stop this instant or i'll give you detention.  and i will cut off your limbs and feed them to my piranhas.  well, i tried.  anybody else want to take a shot.  at last.  does this crown make me look fat.  no, you look fabulous.  can you let me go now, please.  no, you stole my crown and must be punished.  i will take you back to the sacrificial altar where you will be buried in an ant hill and eaten alive.  no no.   they went overboard.  bailey or xaria or whoever you are, i'd just like to point out that i look much better with my flesh on.  enough talk.  your voice is like a sword in my brain.  someone needs a hug.  i just hope zack hasn't been eaten alive by ants.  so where are we going to dinner.  back.  there will be no rescue.  these hieroglyphics say that we need to put the crown on xaria's statue to appease her.  either that or it's a recipe for fish tacos.  we have to try it.  we're going to cook.  i thought we were going out.  not the recipe, the crown.  sorry, right.  right.  it's the only way to restore bailey's personality.  baileyi am xaria, princess of the serpent people.  no, you're not.  you're bailey pickett from kettlecorn, kansas.  your favorite food is chicken pot pie, and you like it when i tickle your left ear like this.   how dare you touch me, dog.  she really doesn't want to give thwn back.  go go go go.  bailey, if you're still in there, i miss you.  please please, give me the crown.  cody.   quiet, slave.   no, you be quiet, you spoiled brat.   unhand me.   never. give me the crown.   no, cease at once.  whoa, a chick fight with only one chick.   cody, get the crown.   how dare you give away my crown.   don't you slap me.   okay, i just can't win here.  no.  cody, you saved me.   the princess's spirit is once more safely entombed in the statue.  good job, cody.  i'm in the mood for chinese.  so, zack, where will your next adventure take you.  my cabin.  i'm through with archemolology.  and you can tell your viewers, the living and the undead, that the only reason i found that crown is because codythis guy right hereknew where to look, okay.  he did the research.  he translated the hieroglyphics.  so haunt him.  thanks, zack.  no problem.  i gotta go now because i literally have ants in my pants.  so did you fight off any scorpions.   a couple.  walk with me.  ooh, shiny.  come on, london.  you don't want to get left behind.  quiet, peasant, and bow down to your princess.  whatever, london, let's just go.  and you're going to love mr. whiskers.  he's my tabby, and quite the cutup.  oh, and then there's lord wiggums.  he's a persian and finicky.  you know when i said i liked cats.  i meant the musical.  oh.  miss tutweiller.  i'm on a date.  it's just no one's seen marcus.  do you know where he is.  i'm sure he's fine.  but we're about toi said i'm on a date.  just go and i'll give you an "a".  how about cash and a "b".  done.  hello.  a little help.  anybody out there.  did the bus leave.   whoa, you are not itsybitsy.    for me, there's no bigger adrenaline rush then getting to perform in front of a crowd every night.  . i say, yeah .  . yeah. yeah. yeah. .  my brothers and i weren't always so comfortable on stage.  and it took years of practice and rehearsing before we felt like we were ready to put on the best possible show we could.  now we've had the chance to try a new kind of performing.  acting incamp rock1 and 2 and thejonasseries.  and i'm definitely hooked.  my biggest unfulfilled goal is probably acting.  i'd love to do more. i'm proud of the acting i've done, but i wanna do more major stuff.  since the dawn of theatre, it's always been about the two faces of comedy and drama.  and the great actors of the world are masters in both.  so one of my major goals while we're here on our european tour, is to get training in both of these areas from the experts.  it's gonna be awesome.  here we go.   my first stop, one of the oldest comedic theatres in all of italy.  teatro carro dei comici, which means "the chariot of comedy." i like the mask.  i'd like to try.     i consider myself a pretty funny guy, but people say comedy's the hardest kind of acting to do.  and i get a costume, right.  we get a costume, too.   you are like italian actor.  you frighten the other.  oh, i scare them.  yeah.  your eyes are like the moon.  your eyes are like the moon.  ooh.  ok.  try.  yes.   whaaa.    i win.    getting to be a comedic actor for a day was great.  hey, guys.  because, let's face it.  i've always loved to make people laugh.  but as an actor, i'm only halfway there.  dramatic acting is all about embracing a character.  so it's time to step out of my comfort zone and hone my craft at the birthplace of modern theatre, and home to william shakespeare, one of our world's most respected poets and playwrights.  today i'm visiting the royal shakespeare theatre in stratforduponavon.   this is a thousand seat theatre.   my challenge.  to attempt a scene from one of shakespeare's most famous plays.  i've brought along my friend, isabella soric, from disney channel germany to be an honest critic of my dramatic skills.  ok, joe. ready to do some acting now.  i think i'm ready as i'll ever be.  this is your audition for the company.  ok. perfect.  will you make me believe that i am not sent for you.  come on, man. you can do this.  ok, ok, ok.   there's money for thee.  if you tarry long... longer, i shall give worst payment.   worse payment.  wording's weird 'cause it's 400 year old language.  i prithee, vent to folly...  you say "prithee." prithee.   but it actually means "i pray thee." i got a little bit, i wouldn't say nervous, but shaken up when i first started reading the script.  i'm gonna do this.  of course i'm up for it.  i prithee, vent thy folly.  good.  ok, i'm figuring out what's going on here.  ok.  ok. are you ready for this.  now we need to rehearse the fight.  face me.  you're gonna catch my arm, then you're gonna smack your own hand on your own knee.  you good to go. aah.  yeah.  the trick in stage fighting is to hurt yourself, not your colleague.  right.  now we need the real thing, we need some atmosphere, i figure.  can we have some lights, please.  ok... let's back up and do it from the top.   it's a funny thing.   i can get up in front of 20,000 people without a second thought.  but right here, right now, on this stage, i'm really nervous.  now, sir, have i met you again.  there's for thee.   there's for thee.  and there and there.   are all you people mad..    your critic in the front row, she approves.   what do you think.  it was perfect.  it's an amazing learning process. i'd love to dive into more of shakespeare and try to understand it more...  ...and the language a little bit.  joe, you're a natural. i don't know what to say, except that you stood up there like you've done it all your life.  i think the things i've learned has been a helpful guide into the kind of future i want to go towards.  and encouragement to know that i can do this and, just like our music, it was a dream that we followed and it came true.  . ever think your dreams .  . would become a reality. .   . all you did was just believe .   oh, she is a beauty.  look at her shape.  bailey: the gentle curves of her body.  the way the water glistens off her skin.  is that )