 both:.  all right.  cut the chitchat.  my name tag is piercing my heart.  okay.   oh. there it is.  thank you.  the trick is to make a short but precise throw aimed just above e bull'seye so that the dart's parabolic trajectory will take it directly to its mark.  that's a bull'seyeif you were trying to hit margaret's mole.  i suppose you can do better.  well, i can try, although i've never really played darts before.  never.  well, we never had a fancy board like this one, but one summer, our screen door broke and we used darts to get rid of the flies.  you killed flies with darts.  no.  i didn't have the heart to kill them, so i just winged them and set them free.  want to play another game.  nope.  i mean, the nerve of this guy.  he takes half of my dresser, half of the bathroom and one of the two beds.  that's called sharing.  you know what.  i don't want to share.  i earned that room.   no, you didn't.  you just somehow convinced moseby that bailey was a girl, so i got stuck with a stupid roommate.  i'm stupid.  this from the girl who got trapped on a stalled escalator.  the magic " hey, it was a terrifying 48 hours.  no, terrifying is having some creepy guy shoved in your room midsemester.  hey, zack.  hey, marcus.  i was just telling everybody how happy i am to have a new roommate.  marcus, i'd like you to meet london, woody, bailey and cody my clone, which is why he has no personality.   all: hi, marcus.  nice to meet you all.  zack, i was looking at my class schedule.  where it says "lunch," do we actually eat or is that a class where we learn about lunch.  it's where we eat.  cool.    so, marcus, where did you live before.  well, um, here, there and everywhere.   what's "everywhere" like this time of year.  warm but breezy.  you know, you remind me of someone.   well, denzel and i get that all the time.  see ya.  there's something weird about that guy.  he's moved around a lot, he's evasive.   i've got it.  i've got it.  he's in the witness protection programprobably a mob kid, yeah.   uh, woody, he doesn't exactly look like a wiseguy.  well, that's the point.  they give you a whole new look.  yeah.  yeah, but that doesn't explain why he's never seen a high school schedule.  he's probably been homeschooled like my cousins the pitsnoggles.  although there's 23 of them, so it's just like going to a regular school.  of course, the prom was creepy.  found what you're looking for.  nope.  uh, here it is.  mind if i borrow this.  ebony sheen.  well, yeah, for when it gets humid outsidemymy hairwhoo.  look, if there's something you want to know about me, just ask.  are you in the witness protection program.  no, but my mom's a cop and my dad's a judge.  touch my stuff again and i'll get you arrested and locked up with one phone call.  gotcha.  oh look, a pingpong table.  want to play.  sure.  here you go.  that's okay.  " that's almost as cool as your custommade pancakeflipper" let's play.  nice shot.  ah, yeah.  it's all in the wrist.  i couldi could slow it down if you want me to.  oh no.  don't go easy on me.  and i won't go easy on you.  don't tell me.  you also swatted flies with pingpong paddles.   no. locusts.   hello. oh hey, addison.  oh nothing, just playing a game of pingpong with cody.  " hey.  hey,f you want to take a break, it's okay with me.  i don't need a break.  i wish that wasn't hot tea.  wow, london.  you're really into this game.  i'm just testing my earrings for dangliness.   ooh. ooh. ooh. ooh.  did you drop another fish down your shorts.  yes, but that's not why i'm here.  i know who zack's roommate really is.   who.  marcus little is grammywinning recording sensation li'l little.   i loved him.  i slept on him every night.  huh.  oh, i had his sheets.  are you sure.  pretty sure, though they could've been gary coleman.  they were pretty faded.  mama bought 'em at a swap meet.  i was talking to woody.  i found him on the internet.   check it out.  recognize anybody.  zack: i knew i'd seen him before.  we used to eat his tv dinners.  li'l little vittles.  i can't believe i didn't recognize him.  well, maybe because li'l little isn't so little anymore.  you guessed it.   and that's why my record label dumped me.  so now you know who i am.  happy.  a rock star and in the witness protection program.  he's led a full life.   hey, marcus, i know you're upset, but it doesn't mean you have to leave.  oh, i'm not.  these are your clothes.  you know what.  what's so wrong with everyone knowing you're li'l little.  i just wanted to start out fresh.  once people figure out who i am, they start asking for favors and all sorts of other stuffautographs, pictures, tickets to concerts.  can you get me in to see beyonce.  you mean b.  yeah.  no.  no, you know what.  i get it.  you're tired of having people ask you how cool it was to be a rock star.  exactly.  so how cool was it.  it wasn't all perks, believe me.  it was hard work, late nights, long road trips, then waking up and doing it all over again the next morning.  so it wasn't fun having all those girls throw themselves at you.  well now, that part was fun.  and it wasn't great making all that money.  no, the money was good too.  so i'm having a little trouble seeing the downside here.  the downside is i never got to be a kid and hang out with other kids.  ..  heaven's light has ..  for it has brought you to me.  okay, now i'm not seeing the upside.  we are going to have 15 years of childhood fun in one day, starting now.  put on your diapers.  what's fun about that.  when you jump in the pool, they puff up.  okay, cody, i am tired of all these silly games.  me too.  that's why i've entered us in a serious competition.  all right, boys and girls, time for a little simon says. )