 15 different stepmoms.  arturo vitali is the only one who's always there for me.  well, other than that short guy who's my butler.  you mean mr. moseby.  yeah, him.   and now he's the only one left.  what am i gonna do.  as a baby, i wore an arturo vitali diaper, and i definitely did not wear those twice.  good to know.  i even ordered an arturo vitali coffin.  oh, thank goodness.  i found a receipt for that, and was worried you were planning somethin' for me.  that snowmobiling was sick.  i've never had more fun.  i know.   i hate you both.  wow, i didn't know you were able to talk without your magic top hat.  hello.  man: i told you girls to leave me alone.  i don't want to buy any more of your lousy cookies.  cody, i think he's talkin' to you.  cork, we're not selling cookies.  it is a pleasure to meet you, sir.  oh, most of the fingers on my shaking hand fell off years ago.  cork, how do you get to the south sandwich islands from here.  you know they're not giant floating sandwiches, right.  he won't believe it till he sees it.  dr. cork: i'm just so glad you guys are here.  i rarely get the chance to entertain.  well, there was one lonely night with a leopard seal, but i don't like to talk about it.  oh.  oh.  oh, hello, london.  are you here for some tai chi.  no, no thanks.  i already ate.  i'm here to beg you to not give up on designing.  oh, i'm sorry, london, but i love being retired.  this is my chance to escape the high stress of the fashion world ..  relax.  watch it, you clumsy bag of dust.  the move is called "white crane spreads wings," not "wrinkled turkey " oh.  hey, i designed that purse, or at least the one they based this knockoff on.  okay okay okay okay.  look, arturo, will you please design for me.  please please please please please please please please.  oh, stop it, stop it, stop it.  i didn't want to retire.  why would i give up beautiful models in lingerie for crusty hags in diapers.  oh.  hey, why don't you hop on your scooter and take that knockoff back to the swap meet.  whyif you didn't want to retire, then why did you.  i had no choice.  after a lifetime of designing cuttingedge fashion, the genius factory has been shut down and converted to loft space.  wait wait, arturo.  i mean, what are you talking about.  i just can't think of )