 oh, what is that, some kind of donkey call.  just because you have donkey teeth doesn't mean you have to sound like one.  it's not a donkey call. it's me being sad.  don't tell me you're not over cody yet.  we only broke up 10 hours ago.  exactly. move on, sister.  what do you do to get over a guy who broke your heart.  simplei have daddy's private army storm into the guy's house and rip out hisi mean, go shopping.  i can't afford to go shopping.  wow, that makes me want to cry.  well, if we're gonna help you get through this, we need to talk to an expert on failed relationships.  hi, miss tutweiller.  hi, girls.  we need your expertise.  what can i help you withhistory, geography, world politics.  being dumped.  hey, i'll have you know that right now i am in a loving, committed relationship with a wonderful, thoughtfulokay, so much for that. how can i help you.  cody and i broke up last night.  oh, bailey, i'm so sorry.  you and cody were perfect for each other.  i know, right.  oh, breakups are so sad.  london, why are you crying.  because i'm stuck on a boat with you people.   ah, brother cody, i see that you are moved by the story of our founder brother cornelius and his legendary battle with the phone company.  no.  this book is bound with leather, which comes from cows, which live on farms, ..  wheat, which makes bread, which is used in sandwiches, which sometimes bailey eats for lunch if she doesn't have a soup or a salad.  i miss her so much.  and let me guessthe paper reminds you of trees, which have bark, and bailey loved puppies.  she was so special.  i'll never find another girl who loves puppies.  brother cody, you came here to forget that evil woman.  let your mind be cleared of her through hard work.  let the water you mop away represent the tears of your sadness.  okay, i'll give it a try.   brother cody, get your wails out now, because when the bell rings, everyone enters a period of complete and utter silence.  okay, i understand.   right about now would be a good time for that bell to ring.    hey zack, doesn't cody's sweater vest look great on me.  it looks great on half of you.  you know, cody being gone will affect the grade curve, which could bump me up from "hopeless" " oh, that reminds mei have a book report on "war and peace" due on monday and i needed cody to do it.  maybe you should try writing it yourself.   you think this is the sanctuary.  no.  i think this ancient stone building in the middle of nowhere is a bowlarama.  greetings, travelers.  what do you seek.  a lane for two, please.  and i'm gonna need a seven, triplewide.  we're here to see cody martin.  i'm afraid brother cody is unavailable.  hey, wait.  .  look, i just need cody for a little help "  have you tried reading it.   good one, friar yuck.  this is a cinder block.  that leo toystorywas a real windbag.  well, that may be, but i'm afraid that only members of the brotherhood are admitted inside the sanctuary walls.  well, and of course vito the pizza guy.  by the way, two more minutes and it's free.  emma: you're gonna love girls' night.  i'm gonna tell you all the ways i get over a nasty breakup.  i didn't even know they had cabins this far below the fuel tanks.  i thought the only things they had down here were storage and rats.  oh, rats aren't a problem.  what did you do, get a new cat every time you got dumped.  maybe.  you must have, like, 30 cats.  right, 'cause there aren't any more in the cat room.  this isn't the cat room.  okay, who would like a cookie.  oh, sorry.  this bald cap is itchy.  i could have used a bald cap.  dang it.  good day, brothers.  stop it.  there's cody. come on, grab a broom.  cody. oh no.  what are you guys doing here.  we've come to rescue you.  i even brought you a little something to read on your way back.  really looking forward to hearing your thoughts.  i don't need to be rescued.  " of course you have.  it'sit'sone of the world's greatest epic novels detailing the events leading up to napoleon's invasion of russia, as seen through the eyes of five wealthy families.  are there two or three ps in "napoleon".  just go.  i'm never gonna get over bailey.  besides, i want to stay here with my brothers.  these guys are all your brothers.  wow, your mom must have really kept trying for that girl.  seriously. you're not leaving.  i'm afraid that none of you are leaving.  what. you can't keep us here.  i'm not trying to keep you here, trust me.  no, see, our sanctuary is built on a tidal island.  the pathway is only accessible during low tide one day a week.  so you're stuck here.  no way. way.  time flies when you're doing chores with your brethren.  chores.  nothing majoryou know, sorting books, serving soup, washing our soiled robes.  that's it. we're out of here.  newbies.  well, at least you didn't get your hair wet.  now one of the best ways to get over someone who hurt you is to cut their face out of all your photos.  what did you do with all of them.  they make great kitty litter.  okay, now did you bring pictures of you and hewhoshallnotbenamed.  voldemort.  she means cody.  and yes, i brought all of our scrapbooks.  great. then let's start cutting.  moseby never lets me use biggirl scissors.  oh, right right right.  you can only leave this island once a week.  by land. i do have a dinghy.   but my dinghy has a leak.   what's he laughing about. it's true.  i have a leaky dinghy.  woody, what do you think a dinghy is.  a small rowboat. why.  okay, i'm not staying on an island for one week with no girls.  then swim, because i came here for some peace and quiet, and you two clowns oh, is that the dinner bell.  i love me some sloppy joes.  no. not sloppy joes.  ..  ooh, a straw, a straw. milk shakes.  oh, a key. key lime pie.  i love key lime pie.  rub eyedryrubbed cajunstyle rib eye.  yes. steak. a good steak.  i'm trying to tell you we're supposed to be silent.  strawit is milk shakes.  oh, man.  my butt.  talk about cruel and unusual punishment.  and for an hour.  i thought it would never end.  how dare they make us sit in those uncomfortable chairs and think about what we'd done.  how's ice cream supposed to make you feel better.  it just does, okay.  yeah, i mean, maybe after constantly worrying about pleasing guys with how we look, this is a symbolic way of saying, " yeesh, i think it's a little more than symbolic.  that goes for you too, kitty rat.  what is that. sardine sorbet.  ..  to leave.  nope.  after ice cream i like to dessertdial my exes and give them a piece of my mind.  wow, i'm surprised you have any pieces left.  i wish we could call moseby so he could get us off this hunk of rock.  we can't. they confiscated my phone.   that's cody's phone. i forgot i took it.  hello.  it's me.  bailey, i can't tell you how happy i am to hear your voice.  you are.  well, then i guess you realize what a terrible mistake you made.   yeah yeah, a huge one. and i'm totally miserable.  he's totally miserable. he should be.  i am the best thing that's ever happened to you.  what.  don't deny it, cody.  she thinks i'm cody.  what. i do such a better cody.  give it to me.  hello, bailey. it's cody.  hi, woody.  hi.  bailey, it's zack. look, we need your help.  moseby that we're stranded on this isl hello.  i think he hung up.  oh, my exes do that to me too and change their numbers and their names and sometimes their faces.  all right, that's it. i'm leaving.  this is pathetic.  what. you can't leave.  we're gonna put pretty dresses on.  really.   on cats.  oh, just get your stupid paw through the sleeve.  that's the tail hole.  whatever.  stupid overdressed kitty.   what did you call me.   mr. whiskers loves to cuddle.  you know, for the first time i am starting to feel better.  get off me now.   i would be duly hono red if you two would join me in a glass of sweet tea.  oh, well, i do declare, nothing would make me happier, sugar.  where are those scissors.  i'd like to cut myself out of this picture.  so, aunt kitty cat, shall we sashay up to the sky deck.  what.  we're going out in public with these things.  please, miss london, speak only through your cat.  fine.  i just want to say one thingyou two are a couple of nut jobs.  london, i know it's silly, but this is helping me forget about cody.  oh, that's it.  this has got to stop.  look, bailey, i know you loved cody, but you don't need a boyfriend to be happy.  you're young. you're smart. you're pretty.  you're not some 50something cat lady who's been dumped time and time and time again and is one icecream scoop away from a heart attack.  london, you called me pretty and didn't add "annoying" after it.  do you really think all those things about me.  of course i do.  why do you think we're friends.  london, thank you.  boyfriends come and go, but girlfriends are always there for you.  right, now let's do something that will really cheer you upmanipedis on me. it'll be so fun.  oh, thanks for offering to seoh.  hmm.  humans always leave.  good thing cats can't use doorknobs.  what are you making, woody.  a clay canoe. i'm getting out of here.  will you two just forget about leaving and enjoy the serenity that comes from being in touch with the earth.  i'm making a bua korean percussion instrument used in confucian ritual music.  i'm making a clay hottie.  at least she will be once i get her in the kiln.  some of us are trying to forget women.  clayrissa.  my bu.  what did you do to my bu.  now it's just goo.  oh, boohoo for you.  here, start over.  guys guys guys.  oh, it's on like pingpong.  what is going on in here.  you three are in big sucker. oops.  i don't care if i have to sit in the chair of extreme discomfort for a week.  i have something to say.  cody, look.  i know you're in pain over your breakup with bailey.  who wouldn't be.  seriously, this girl is smokin'.  eh.  the point is running away from your troubles is not the answer.  you've got your whole life to live.  there's a big world out there filled with awesome experiences, but you can't have any of them if you're just stuck here on this island with a bunch of weird bald dudes.  he ain't wrong.  zack, i appreciate that, but my brothersthese aren't your brothers. i'm your brother.  i'm not leaving this island without you.  thanks, zack.  real brothers are so much better than these losers.  you know, at first i thought you just showed up because you needed me to do your homework.  dude, that hurts.  well, i guess i'm going homewith you guys.  oh, please take mewith you.  i'm tired of going pottyin a ditch.  i'll go getmy good sandals.  out of my way.  good thingi used a bald cap and didn't actuallyshave my head.  dang it.  . there's 104 days of summer vacation . and school comes along just to end it . so the annual problem for our generation . is finding a good way to spend it . like maybe . building a rocket or fighting a mummy . or climbing up the eiffel tower . discovering something that doesn't exist hey.  . or giving a monkey a shower . surfing tidal waves, creating nanobots . or locating frankenstein's brain it's over here.  . finding a dodo bird . painting a continent . or driving our sister insane phineas.  . as you can see . there's a whole lot of stuff to do . before school starts this fall phineas: come on, perry.  . so stick with us . 'cause phineas and ferb are gonna do it all . so stick with us . 'cause phineas and ferb are gonna do it all .  mom. phineas and ferb are making a title sequence.   so bored.bored, bored, bored.   snoresville central, candace speaking.  oh good, you're bored.  you know how my mom wants me to take things more seriously and focus on what's important, like my grades, my future and, like, becoming a doctor or a lawyer or a doctor.  yeah.  well, she's forcing me to go to this leadership seminar today, and i'll implode with boredom if i go by myself.  are you out of your mind.  there might be cute boys there.   all right. but you owe me big time.  announcer on tv: this year's allterrain vehicle.  it goes on the road and in the mud, in the mud and on the road.  it's the allnew, allterrain vehicle for all terrains.  road and mud aren't exactly all terrains.  somebody ought to build a vehicle that actually goes over all terrains.  two, three, four...  ferb, i know what we're gonna do today.  five, six, seven...  hey, where's perry.  ah, agent p, uh... ooh. uh, hold on a sec.   there we go.  doofenshmirtz has been spotted buying television cameras, boom mics, and makeup.  find out what he's up to.  chorus: . perry. .  ladies.  baljeet, this seminar is for high school kids.  what are you doing here.  well, i usually attend collegelevel conferences, but i thought i would dumb it down for the weekend.  uh, are we supposed to take notes.   tad: leaders of the future, let's give it up for tad shaw.   greetings, leaders of the future.  i am tad shaw.  i may be young, but you' )