 take good care of them.  make sure you charge 'em.  wait, zack.  hold on a second.  i want to talk to you about the term paper you turned in.  yeah.  some of my best work, wouldn't you say.  actually, yes.  the paper was quite well written.  i wrote every word in there.  that's what concerns me.  particularly this paragraph in the middle here"i'm terrified of bananas.  i imagine them chasing me, gnashing their fangs and growling.  it's gotten so bad i can't sleep.  " does that not belong in ..  " louis xiv.  and let's not hide our problem behind humor.  i wouldn't really call it a problem.  zack, a phobia is not something to be taken lightly.  now i want you to blanket, the school counselor, here at 3:00.  dodo i at least get an "a" on the rest of the paper.  oh, i'm not gonna grade it until we see if you get put " hey, woody.  i said, hey, woody.   hey.  i was about to go down to zack's "better life" arcade.  i'm going for the highest score in virtual virtual bowling.  don't tell me you're into that stupid fake world too.  you're stupid.  "better life" is the greatest thing that ever happened to me.  character, brock worthington, is rich, handsome, adventurous.  i have tons of friends, all the girls are easy to talk to, oh, and you're not there bothering me.  hey, cody.  i have something for you.  ahhhh.  thanks, zack.  you're not afraid.  why.  what have you done with this banana.  i don't get it.  so you're not afraid of bananas.  why would you think i'm afraid of bananyou stole my fifth grade paper on louis xiv.  how did you know.  mmm, i always bury one bizarre paragraph in each of my papers before i archive them, just to foil thieving slime like you.  so you have no banana issues.  if anything, i admire the banana for its hardy protective peel and abundance of potassium.  but you can read all about that in my awardwinning secondgrade paper, " yeah, well, thanks a lot.  now miss tutweiller is blanket because she thinks i have emotional problems.  i've been saying that for years.  yeah, but i'm not afraid of bananas.  well, then i guess you'll just have to admit that you cheated and take your punishment like a man.  you know, now that i think about it, the banana is kind of creepy.  it's like a giant infected demon claw.   yes.  okay, would you stop that tapping.  what tapping.  i'm not tapping.  am i tapping.  oh my gosh, i can't stop tapping.  look.  oh, thank you.  oh.  we just need to find a substitute activity to occupy your idle hands.  how's about some thumb wrestling.  how's about not.  come on.  it'll be fun.  ready.  . one, two, three, four, .  ahhh.  that is some thumb.  you are a good person.  you are a value.  you need to trim your nose hair.  excuse me.  oh.  mr. blanket.  i'm zack.  ah, yes.  miss tutweiller told me about your problem with bananas.  ahhh.  sorry.   bananas.   ahh.  please have a seat so we can do a few simple tests.  i'm gonna ask you what you think about these pictures.  i think you should have painted them with the lights on.  they're ink blotsambiguous images.  what you see will help us understand what you're feeling inside.  i feel that you're a terrible artist.  i didn't paint them.  .. )