 and the finest staff in all of boston.   ah.  and him.  how exactly did you get tangled in the phone cord.  well, it started when the phone rang, and from there, it was all downhill.  hey, skippy, i've got a big convention for you to check in.  hey, zach, at are you doing.  i'm doing the mature thing.  i'm making it up to moseby for losing all those guys in skirts.  be sure to tell maddie.  you really think that's going to make maddie want to date you.  well, that and this moustache.  yeah, it's hard to see in this lighting.  or any lighting.  oh, um, my colleagues and i are entomologists.  here at the tipton, we don't care what kind of religion you are.  actually, uh, entomologists study bugs. bugs.  back on the farm, we had all sorts of big, scary looking thingsstartin' with grandpa.   you could slap a saddle on that thing and ride it all the way to the county fair.  coworkers are like family.  youyou don't get to choose them.   well, in some cases, coworkers are family.  mr. moseby gave my shift to his niece.  some might say it's nepotism.  mm, you mean niecepotism.  i'm about to give you a smackmotism.  oh, why don't you stand up and do something about it.   this is good.  we're getting out our issues.  good, yes, and when issues get out, we're gonna have a steel cage match.  oh, i'll give you a steelyou want this. you want this.  enough.   could we just get on with it, mr. buttocks.  " i took french in high school.  wow. which i'm sure wasn't very long ago.  oh. ha ha ha.  all right, all right, let's move on to an exercise to help us with trusting each other.  it's not that lame old fall in thing, is it.  it's not lame.  hey, everyone, let's pair up.  dibs on carrie. i got her.  yes. you gotta be faster than that.  ok, good.  all right, so now one person stands with their back to their partner.  i will say "go," and then you will trust that your partner will be there to catch you.  oh, look, i really don't trust any of these people, so i'm just gonna do this by myself.  here i go.   ow.   i forgot to catch myself.  hey, squirrelly girl.  looks like i'm stuck with you.  come here.  ok.  everybody ready. yes.  yeah. whatever.  yay.  ..go.  trust, trust, trust.  is there, uh, a problem.  no, no problem.  just don't want to fall.  are you saying you don't trust me.  yes. no.  i have trust issues, and abandonment issues and fear issues.  can i just knock her down.  i got this.  arwin. yes.  i'm done falling. hmm.  you can let go. oh, sorry.  ahem.  i'd like 3 bags of chips, 2 magazines and a candy bar.  all i have is a hundred dollar bill, and i need my change in quarters.   that's close enough. it's fine.  i can't believe i'm face to antenna with a coleoptera esetari al borum.  english.  it's a beetle that eats wood.  right.  mantis said to keep the room warm for the bugs.  got it.  i also ordered a hot fudge sundae.  for the bugs.  but somebody's got 8 arms and can't hold a spoon.  ha ha ha. aahh.  aaah.  oh, oh, oh.  oh, no, oh, no.  no, oh, no, the bugs are out.  quick, we gotta pick 'em up.  if they're all stuck in this room, ha ha.  no, just eat it.  ok, ok.  let's try a different exercise.  ooh. how about jumping jacks.  i'll go get my stretchy pants.  ok, not what i meant.  we are going to carry someone using just 2 fingers each.  you will be amazed at how easy tasks become when you work together.  so, let's pick the smallest person here.  millicent.  no, i don't want to be lifted up.  i'm short, i like being close to the ground.  " " look, let's just get this over with.  we can either lift you up with 2 fingers, or i can knock you down with five. your choice.  lift away.  hey, this isn't so bad.  it's actually fun.  whee.  there, see.  when you put your faith in your coworkers, nothing bad can happen.  who ordered the bagels.  ooh, bagels.  ok, ok, remember, if you see a bug, just, uh, put in the box and stay cool.  right.  aah.  sorry.  aah.  it's either a really big bug, or a tiny dog with a thousand feet.  aaah. are you crazy.  this is a priceless malaysian millipede, mister.  come any closer with that, and i'm going to millipee in my pants.  all right, all right.  now all we need to do is find the mexican red kneed tarantula, and all the south american woodeating beetles.  what are you talkin' about.  the bugs are in the room.  theyjustordered a sundae.  yeah, um, about that, they kind of escaped.  " like, if you don't help us find them, you're kind of going to lose your job.  oh, no.  moseby's gonna be madder than grandma when someone somebody put slick 'em on her cane.  ok, ok, um, um, don't worry.  all we have to do is turn off all of the lights in the hotel and lure the beetles back to the room using flashlights.  will that work. well, yes.  beetles are attracted to light.  and it would always help if we imitate their mating call.  what's it sound like.  like zach when he's trying to impress a woman.  you want me to say, "hey, baby, "did you just break wind.  " no, no, no bingo.  all right, i'll run down to the basement and turn off the main lights.  and, uh, and i'll get the flashlights.  right. meanwhile, i'll go flirt with maddie.  ..  zach: maddie, i know you've always thought of me as a child, but take a look at me now.  there's a giant spider on your head.  i feel the same waywhoa, whoa, whoa.  yeah, a little freaky.  oh, get it off, get it off, get it off.  mommy.  spider.  shouldn't you tell him the spider's off his head.   maybe later.  ok, people.  the best way to understand a coworker ..stepping into their shoes.  but i'm a dainty size 3, and maddie has the feet of sasquatch.  he means we act like someone else to see their point of view.  for example, i'll be you.  meet me, candy girl.  even though you're busy, forget the other customers, because i'm more important.  yay, me.  sorry, london, i can't right now, because i have to tell you a boring story about one of my weird relatives.  do me a favor and pretend to listen, would you, while i go on and on and on wearing my really ugly clothes.  oh, and let's not forget, now that i'm back from saving the penguins, i want everyone to drop everything that they're doing, and do it the way that i want it.  and i'm nia.  i'm gonna make you do what i say 'cause i'm tough and can crush you like a grape.  i was talking about another nia.  uhhuh.  oh, i'll do patrick.  ..  what's that.  i suppose i could get you to finish dinner in time to see carey martin's show, but that would mean working hard.  all: ooh.   which reminds me, moseby, can i take something that's working perfectly well and do some convoluted thing to it until it breaks.   arwin, i don't think you're supposed to imitate yourself.  ok, i thought i was doing esteban.  no, no, esteban is more like this.  moseby, "oh, can i have the day off.  "because my chicken has chicken pox, "and i can't feed him chicken soup "because he's a chicken.  "did i mention the fact that i have a chicken.   oh, very well.   good luck with that.  oh, keep carrying those bags, esteban, like a pack mule while i sit in my office talking to my mommy.   this is a disaster.  oh, no.  thisis a disaster.  oh, man.  this is the fifth floor we've tried, and still no bugs.  yeah, but zach's clickin' has gotten better.  i'm not clicking.  then who is.  they are.  please tell me that carpet is moving.  no, that's the bugs, and they've had babies.  and their babies had babies.  but look, they're following the light.  go left.  go right.   uhoh.  uhoh. i think the battery's dead.  whatwhat do we do.  don't worry, i'll protect you.  that one.  that one.   run.   both: whoa.  i don't like the darkness.  no one can see my clothes.  i'll just flip the switch on my handydandy pocket generator.  oh, wow.  why do you keep a generator in your pocket.  well, my handy dandy shoe generator was broken, ..  well done, people.  it is important in a crisis situation to remain calm.  aaah.  bugs.  bugs in my hotel. never.   what do we do, what do we do.  every man for himself.   he's no man. i'll save you, carrie.  ahh.  hi, how are you.  run. oh, sorry.  oh. oh, boy, they're really big.  but i'm not scared.   wait. i know these bugs.  we have swarms like this in my country the second thursday of every month.  and how do you get rid of them.  ok, ok, the only way to get rid of them is to make the sound of their only natural predator, the great mountain hog.    patrick, that is the sound of the russian mountain hog.   oh, that's better.   we're scaring them away.  scare them into the box.   oohwhee, that's some good bug wranglin', y'all.   all right, all right.  now how did this happen.  a bug convention.  we booked a bug convention.  yeah, i lured away a group of  ..  mark to make up for losing the bagpipers.  really whoo, ok.  i did a few yoga poses and now i am feeling better.  so let's continue with team building.  oh, i think not.  those bugs did more to bring us together as a team than you ever did.  yeah. really.  well, in the 3 weeks since i earned my certificate, you are the worst team that i have ever led.  all: oh. yes.  i mean, you guyswork together about as well as 8 monkeyswith 7 bananas.  really, can't worktogether, that's what you're saying.  mmm, well, i guessyou haven't seen the tipton toss.  everybody, 2 fingers.   captioning made possible bydisney abc cable networks group  look, he landedon his bootoe.  captioning performed bythe national captioning institute, inc.  geoffrey, we're going out to eat.  take the night off.  i could use the time to myself.  hey, g., can you give me some water.  you all missed it. it was great.  it was the battle of the abdulskareem vs. paula.  don't make fun of paula.  she's the only woman short enough to be my wife.  geoffrey, i need some tylenol and a cold cloth for my head.  but you already know that, don't you.  geoffrey, get me a drink.  a big client threatened to leave the firm.  you'll never guess why.  could you leave it in a note, sir.  i have the night off.  they had the nerve to say they wanted to be represented by someone younger.  hey, i'm young, i'm groovy.  i have the urge to tiedye my drawers and go down to the hootenanny.  this is no time to joke.  we're talking about the end of life as we know it.  what if all dad's clients figure out he's old.  it's the domino theory.  he loses one client, then another, and another.  the next thing you know, we're all working at domino's.  you'll fit right in.  you're used to cutting the cheese.  dad, if you want to play hardball with the movers and shakers, you got to head out and buy yourself some stonewashed jeans.  good idea, carlton.  all that denim will distract his clients from his bald spot.  i don't mind being bald.  what's wrong with a receding hairline.  that's more like a hair culdesac.  oh, this is ridiculous.  besides, baldness is dignified.  yeah. it's also hereditary.  aah.   now this is a story    all about how my lifegot flipped    turned upsidedown    and i'd liketo take a minute    just sit right there    i'll tell youhow i became the prince    of a town called belair    in west philadelphia,born and raised    on the playground is wherei spent most of my days    chillin' out, maxin',relaxin' all cool    and all shootin'some bball    outside of the school    when a couple of guyswho were up to no good    started makin' troublein my neighborhood    i got in onelittle fight    and my mom got scared    and saidyou're movingwith your auntie    and uncle in belair    i whistled for a cab    and when it came near    the license platesaid fresh    and it had dicein the mirror    if anything, i can say    that this cab was rare    but i thought,nah, forget it    yo, homes, to belair    i pulled up to a houseabout 7 or 8    and i yelledto the cabby    yo, homes,smell you later    i looked at my kingdom,i was finally there    to sit on my throneas the prince of belair   worldwide television distribution, national broadcasting company, ,the cocacola company, and 1994 nci caption club/grantsmanship i don't meanto interrupt.  i'm karen from across the street.  where have you been all my life.  you're from the gellers'.  i'm geoffrey, the banks' butler.  may i help you.  that's notall you can do, mr. french.  anyway, i dropped some jam on the parquet floor.  if i may be so bold, try liquid wax and a very f and a very fine steel wool.  you know as much about cleaning as my late husband.  late.  i'm so sorry.  yahoo.  would you care to join me for some tea.  well, perhaps i could have one cup.  ooh, the croissants look good.  and your bunsaren't bad either.  nice buns.  buns.  you read my mind.   oh    sweet mystery of life,at last i've found you    let's talk about you   oh, bad. tea time.  hi, i'm will.  i'm karen.  you going to eat this.  not anymore. )