 t not have liked him very much.   made it.  phew.  huh. oh, no, not again.  arthur: he had to spend eternity pushing that boulder up the hill, only to have it roll back down over and over again.  if sisyphus had liked baseball, he would have been an elwood city grebes fan.  getting your hopes up, year after year...   this time, we're going to win.  this time, it's going to be different.  go, grebes.  arthur: ...only to have those hopes crushed at the end of every season.     buster: you're acting like it's no big deal that the grebes are in the world championship.   i don't want to jinx it by getting my hopes up, that's all.  already won the first game.  we just need to win three more.   arthur: but we're up against the crown city kings.  they've won the world championship 25 times.  so what.  so, the grebes haven't won a world championship since 1918.  buster: but don't you see.  our time has come.  arthur: how can you be so sure.  brain: baseball is a science, a game of numbers.  this year, we've got three factors that have changed the equation.  arthur: what factors.  the new players: winlin, playmon and batera.  last year, playmon hit .375 with a .465 onbase percentage.  buster:the kings don't have a hitter like that.  yeah. and batera is the best shortstop in the league.  not to mention winlin, the best pitcher with 27 saves and a 2.1 era.  nobody can outpitch him.  i've done a data comparison of the kings and the grebes and mapped it all onto this simple grid.  the outcome is clear.  our team simply can't be beat.  francine: i figured out that this hat wards off the curse.  every time i wear it, the grebes win.  there's no such thing as "the curse." how can you say that.  things haven't been the same for the grebes since that one game in 1918.  it was the grebes versus kings.  announcer: it's two on and two out for the grebes with the goahead run, ray "woodpecker" vance, stepping up to the plate.  elwood city has their pennant hopes riding high on vance.  and... he connects.  this could be it.  this ball is going, going...  gone.  the grebes win, ten to nine.  they are the new world champions.  got it.   i bet you're one of those urchins who sneaks into the park without paying.  give me that ball, you little thief.  but mister, i chased it down, fair and square.  my name is horace p. crane.  i own the grebes.  i own the land you're standing on, and i own that ball.   then with this ball, i put a curse on your crummy team.  you'll never win another championship.  francine: and that started the longest championshiplosing streak of any team in the history of the league.  harry told me the curse of the kid was lifted this year.  really. how.  a descendant of horace p. cranehis second cousin's nephew's niecefound the ball in her attic and finally laid it at the kid's tombstone.  why do people believe these things.  well, so far, so good.  but i'm not taking off this hat until the series is over.  announcer: the kings are looking to break the threethree deadlock, but it doesn't look very likely as their number nine hitter steps up to the plate.  don't worry, buster, look who's up at bat.  buster: mucky flint.  he's got the lowest batting average of anybody in the league.  he's no match for winlin's cutter, that's for sure.   announcer: he connects.  this ball is...  gone.   mr. crosswire: who knew mucky flint could hit like that.  muffy: i'm not surprisedwe kings always win.  just got lucky, i guess.  harry: we didn't come this far to give up now.  i was worried when the grebes lost that second game, but after we won games three and four, i knew the hat was still working.   look, it's daddy's new commercial, and i'm in it.  come on down to crosswire motors for a grand slam of a deal. is your dad wearing a grebes hat.  remember, at crosswire motors, you'll always drive away a winner.  go, grebes. go, grebes.  that is so hypocritical.  you and your dad have always been king's fans.  yeah, but now the grebes have three wins.  it's much more fun to be on the winning side.  anybody can root for a winning team.  it takes character to stick with the underdogs.  well, buster, tonight's the night.  yup.  tomorrow the grebes could be the world champions.  kids: yeah.  announcer: and the kings have taken game five, forcing a sixth game.  don't worry. we're still up three games to two.  oh, daddy, this is terrible.  what'll we do if they don't win the next one.  don't worry, muffin.  we can always pull the new grebes commercial off the air and replace it with the kings one.  i just hope the curse hasn't kicked in.  are you going to the game with harry tonight.  yeah, and i really want to see us win.  so far, i've only been there when we lose.  oh, really.  how interesting.  it's just...  you know, now that i think about it...  a strange coincidence.  okay, well, um, gotta go.  announcer: this could be it.  the grebes can finally win it all, just one out away from the world championship.  here's the pitch.  and it's an easy grounder to ebos schachter.  it went right through his legs.  the grebes just lost their best chance to win it all again.  when i show up, they lose.  when i'm not there, they win.  oh, i'm their biggest fan, but what if....  what if....  francine: there he is.  get him.  that way.    hey, hold it right there.  is this that kid with the curse.  s, ese es.  you're the reason the grebes are losing.  you don't think i'd curse the team i love, do you.  playmon: you're bad luck.  get out of town, baxter.  largat.  you've done enough damage.  what are you doing here.  you don't even believe in the curse.  of course not, but according to the quantum theory, the outcome of any experiment is partly determined by the presence of a particular observer.  at does that have to do with baseball.  your very presence in the stands has a negative impact on the physics of baseball for the grebes.  in other words, you're the curse.   i can't go to the last game.  i just can't.   do you want one of those to wear to the big game tomorrow.  mom, i want you to take my ticket.  i can watch the game on tv.  oh, that is so sweet of you, but you and harry are diehard fans.  you've got to be there for the final game of the world championship.  we forgot the milk.  will you run and get it.  sure.   playmon.  hey, kid.  wow, this is...  i'm a big fan.  nice to meet you.  would you sign my milk carton.  sure. what's your name.  buster baxter.  hey, playmon, there's a special on apples.  buster: winlin. batera.  you guys buy groceries, too.  this is busterhow about signing this for him.  we really appreciate your support.  we couldn't do it without fans like you.  you going to the big game.  buster: yes.  i mean, no.  trust me, you don't want me there.  why not.  you know how you lost games two, five and six.  it was my fault.  guess we're off the hook.  no, it's true.  when i'm in the stands, you lose.  when i'm not, you win.  it's the curse.  i bring the curse.  bateria: no es verdad.  it's not true.  the curse is you not showing up for the game because you're afraid we'll lose.  the curse is you thinking that we don't need you in the stands tomorrow.  because the fact is, we do.  ever hear of dickinson.  shortstop.  poet.  lived in new england.  wrote a poem that goes like this.  "hope is the thing with feathers "that perches in the soul, "and sings the tune without the words and never stops at all." do you see what we're trying to say.  not really.  tomorrow, at the big game, hope is a greentailed grebe.  if we're going to win...  then we need all the fan support we can get.  we need you, buster, curse or no curse.  yeah, buster, we need you.  stadium announcer: it's the bottom of the ninth, the bases are loaded for the grebes, but they're down ten to seven and have two outs.  i think it's time.  buster: playmon is up.    strike one.  come on, playmon.   strike two.   hope is the thing with feathers.  whoohoo.  oh, no, buster's cracking.  oh, i can't watch.  stadium announcer: playmon connects.  this ball is hit hard.  it could be enough.  off the foul poleit's fair.  grebes win.    playmon's the best. yay. the numbers where right.  whoohoo.  we're the world championsand it only took 87 years.  and you can tell your grandchildren you were there.  the most amazing part was what happened to the ball after playmon hit it.  it went up and up, and then it sprouted feathers.  wings.  did anyone ever find that ball.  oh, no.  it flapped right out of the ballpark, past the moon, and right to the stars.  all: and now...  the grebes.  the grebes, man, i tell you what, that's a great team.  they're baseball players.  i'm playmon.  that's playmon from the grebes.  girl: playmon is johnny damon.  and i'm winlin.  boy: winlin is mike timlin.  batera.  girl: batera is edgar rentera.  yeah, they're playing the grebes in the show.  timlin: today we're at dimock community health center.  we're painting the green wall.  girl 2: we're painting it green because it looks like the green monster.  we're going to make a mess on this wall.  we're going to help these guys.  we'll paint it together.  are you guys ready.  kids: yes.  timlin: this is what we can do off the field just to show, you know, we're all on the same team.  whose number is that.  kids: johnny damon's.  johnny damon or playmon from the grebes.  kids: playmon.  girl: from the grebes.  timlin: i need...  someone to help me out.  going to start over here.  how's that.  these guys are awesome.  as...  timlin: there we go.  cmo est, bien.  these kids are amazing painters.  there you go.  very good.  damon: i prefer to watch these kids paint.  you know, they're much better painters than we are.  we like to play baseball.  damon: oh, it's going great.  we're accomplishing what we need to do.  we're painting this wall green, and we're using a lot of teamwork, so that's great.   edgar said that teamwork is really important.  girl: we're using teamwork, because it's fun to help people as a team.  kids: and now...   arthur: it won't be long now.  any day, pal, any day.  d.w.: arthur timothy read.  and his scruffy dog, pal.  an ordinary boy, in an ordinary town.  but lately, a boy obsessed.  a boy whose every thought and action centers on one thing, and one thing only.  why are you standing in the corner of my room.  and who are you talking to.  shh.  where was i.  oh, yes.  a boy obsessed.  a boy who has stepped over an invisible line.  a line between reality, and...  hey. i'm talking here.  yay. whoohoo.  there it is.  buster: the gx trailblazer 10,000.  oh, my mom would never get me one of those.  i had a hard time getting her to take the training wheels off the bike i have now.  well, they're not exactly giving it to me.  i have to pay for half.  dad says it's a lot of bike for a kid.  this bike has everything: a 599 tytullium frame with 24inch, alloymag rims, limsnogger connection and klodtrack tires.  wow, a limsnogger connection.  i don't know what that is, but it sure sounds impressive.  yeah.  and that's not all.  it has a 21speed grip shift, and hydrostatic supercoil shock absorbers.  i mean, look at those tiresthink of the awesome burnouts.  man, i can't wait to see that bike in action.  ooh, i almost forgot.  i'm meeting brain at the movies.  it's a double feature: aliens ate my homework andmy mother the alien.  want to come.  i can't.  i'm saving up for my bike.  see. this is the chart of how much i've saved so far.  and this is how much i need before i can get my bike.  that could take forever.  so far, i'm doing pretty well.  if i cut out all extra expenses, i'll be able to buy my bike by next month.  what counts as "extra".  movies, video games, trips to the sugar bowl...  that's horrible.  that's like living in the stone age, or 1980 or something.  yeah, it's tough, but it'll be worth it.      it's okayi'll be having more fun than ever once i get my bike.  every little bit helps.  hey...  i can see myself right there.   .   pal.  i did it.  i saved enough money to buy my new bike.  just think, pal.  tomorrow, i'll be the owner of a gx trailblazer 10,000.  look out, elwood city.  here i come.   whoohoo.  yeehaw.  i wish i had a superfast, supercool bike, too.  don't cry, d.w.  someday you might be as cool as your big brother, but probably not.   bionic bunny: this is a job for bionic bunny.  so when's your dad taking you to get the new bike.  as soon as he gets back from the store.  sweet.  i can chop this baby down for parts and get a lot of money for it.   i wonder if someone will want to steal your new bike and chop it down for parts.  it could happen.  it's as nice as a sports car.  just try breaking into that.  ready to pick up your new wheels.  am i ever.  so how come you brought your old bike.  dad says if i trade it in, i can get a discount on my new bike. oh.  i kind of hate to see this one go, though.  it's a good bike.  we've been through a lot together.  ooh.  whoa.  i'm going to be extra special careful of my new bike, so it doesn't get beat up.  francine: whoa.  nice wheels.  the gx trailblazer 10,000.  come on, arthur.  show us what it can do.  okay.  here i go.  watch out. watch it. hey.  phew.  no scratches.  that was a close one.  i better walk this home and get it cleaned up.  be careful, arthur.  someone will want to steal your new bike and chop it down for parts.  whoa.  it could happen.  it's as nice as a sports car.  hey.  i can't breathe.     hey, arthur.  want to ride with me over to the park.  mmm, i don't think so.  it might rain today, and i don't want my gx trailblazer 10,000 to get rusty.  it's just a bike.  the gx trailblazer 10,000 is a sophisticated piece of machinery.   whew.  well, i'm glad my bike is the kind you ride.   the gx trailblazer 10,000 needs supersafe storage.   so what should we do today.  mad mud dirt derby.  let's loop the park three times.  we'll call it le tour de elwood city.  where's arthur.   hey, what gives.  where's the hot new wheels.  at home.  i'm saving it for a special occasion.  what's the point in having a cool bike if you never use it.  what's the point in wrecking it after i saved all that money.  come here.  let me show you something. i got this one when i wiped out racing to the mighty mountain bowling tournament.  i got back up and i won.  binky: i got a better one.  i got this when i was riding with no hands and ran into a fence.  oh, yeah. well, i got this...  actually, my bike came like this.  i think maybe it's used.  the point is: nothing says "i love you" to a bike like a few battle scars.  francine doesn't understand.  she doesn't have the gx trailblazer 10,000.  it's not just a bike, it's a work of art.  a 599 tytullium frame with a limsnogger connection and klodtrack tires.  and see these.  hydrostatic supercoil shock absorbers.  i'm going to ride my bike someday.  it just has to be the perfect occasion.  whowho are you.  i am the ghost of bicycles never ridden.  what do you want.  bicycles never ridden.  boy, you pick the most obvious name you can, and people still don't get it.  okay, but the gx trailblazer 10,000 is not just a bike, it's, it's a work of...  yeah, yeah.  grab my cape.  we couldn't just use the stairs.  it's more impressive this way.  look.  look upon these, arthur read.  they're just plates.  not just any plateschina plates.  people get these as wedding presents, and they never eat off of them.  they just wash them.  nice, huh.  i didn't know mr. crosswire had a car like that.  nobody does.  he never drives it.  wha... uncovered.  stand back.  my baby.  i'm not as bad as that.  it's not the same.  is, too.  is not. is, too.  is... no....   they're just too pretty to wear.  what if i scuffed them.  girls.  soon, her feet will get bigger, and she won't be able to wear them even if she wants to.  just like you won't be able to ride your bike.  hey. what are you doing in my room..  how can she see us.  i thought we were ghosts.  i know you.  you're that ghost of lunch tomorrow.  uh, got to go.  so what's it going to be.  pizza or cold macaroni.  uh...  ixnay on the unchlay.  i'm afraid that's all we have time for today.   this looks like my room, only dustier.  is that me.  just once before i'm too old...   i'm going to ride this bike.    it was only a dream.  there's still time.  my bike doesn't have to become a rusty heap of unused parts.  buster: should we wait for arthur.  prunella: are you kidding.  he doesn't even take his bike out on sunny days.  prunella's right.  let's get this race going.  what's that.  look at that guy go.  look at the tread on those tires.  and those supercoil shocks.  hey, you made it. whoa.  nice moves.  what's the point of having a great bike if you never ride it.  okay, let's see if it will help you beat the rest of us.  ready, set, go.  hi, i'm marc brown.  i write and illustrate thearthurbooks.  there's a secret about thearthurbooks that i bet you didn't know.  in almost all thearthurbooks, i hide the names of my kids: "tolon," "tucker" and "eliza." this is probably one of the hardest to find the name hidden.  if you look very carefully on arthur's desk, the pencil holder has eliza's name.  the other names are hidden on the ends of these baby beds in the hospital.  see if you can find their names.  captioned by media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org visit us online at pbskidsgo.org.  you can findarthurbooks and lots of other books, too, at your local library.   ...and everybody that you meet    has an original point of view    and i say hey.   hey.   what a wonderful kind of day    if we could learn to work and play    and get along with each other.   hey.   what a wonderful kindof day.   hey.   what a wonderfulkind of day.   hey.  is provided by...  chuck e. cheese's, proud supporter of pbs kids.  who know when it comes to learning how to be fit for your life, you're never too young to start.  pbs kids, where a kid can be a kid.  and by contributionsto your pbs station from: every week...  that's me.  martha speaks is proof positive...  do we love llamas, people.  ...there's nothing like a talking dog.  hello.   you guys are really irritating.  does "irritating" mean "fun".  on your mark, go.  martha speakson pbs kids.  wow.    hey, want to hear a fun rhyme.  is it about a dalmation.  it's a rhyme about a clam named sam who is best friends with a lamb named pam.  sam said, "hey, pam would you likesome bread and jam." i'd rather havea peanut butter sandwich.  hey, that doesn't rhyme. )