 ing) did i do it. who won.  who cares. look.  : our tree house.  arthur: it was completely destroyed.  now it's just a big pile of wood.  but that's impossible.  that tree house has been around for years.  it's because we've angered them.  we're sorry, aliens.  heretake arthur's pie as a peace offering.  aliens had nothing to do with it, buster.  it just fell because of all the snow.  where are we supposed to hang out now.  muffy: my place.  it's very conveniently located.  yeahfor you.  we can't go to someone's house.  the cool thing about the tree house was that no one owned it.  i have a 60inch flatscreen tv with 300 channels.  i'm there.  remember our first day in the tree house.    sorry, dora winifred, this place is only for big kids.   ah, that was a good day.  francine: yeah.  i'm sure going to miss that place.  man: so, when will you build a new one.  arthur: new one.  i couldn't help overhearing your conversation.  it seems like you kids need another tree house.  you don't understand, mister...  you can call me frank.  i'm an architect, and i've been hired to design the new art gallery in elwood city.  see.  that's going to be a building.  frank: well, it's just a preliminary sketch, but sure, why not.  who says a building has to look like a box.  our tree house was kind of boxy, but it was the best place to hang out in the world.  frank: who knows.  if you put your heads together, you might dream up something even better.  ask your parents to give me a call if you get any ideas.  i could help you design it.  arthur: okay, how about this.  a castle tree house.  buster: nah, castles have been done before.  all right.  how about a space ship tree house.  buster: they've got something like that at the chicken lickin'.  arthur: fine, let's hear some of your ideas.  i don't have any yet.  it should be something different, something new, like... like...  like this.  a moldy crust of bread.  no, arthur, a moldy pizza crust.  it's from the very first pizza my mom and i shared with harry.  so.  don't you see.  we could have a pizza tree house.  it could be shaped like a pie and the windows could look like pepperonis and... wait.  the windows could actuallybepepperonis.  and if it's not raining, you could tear the windows off and eat them.  and there'd be hot and cold running tomato saucemmm.  and big comfy mozzarella chairs.    that's the most ridiculous idea i've ever heard.  okay, maybe it can't actually be made of pizza, but it could still be shaped like a pie.  no wayit'll look really weird.  i don't think so.  i'm not taking a design for a pizza tree house to frank.  then maybe we should just work on this alone.  arthur: it just doesn't make any sense.  whoever heard of a pieshaped house.  hmm... pieshaped.  why are you writing that down.  i'm collecting ideas for a design that'll satisfy everyone.  so far it's got to have an art gallery, an underground passage to the library and a wrestling arena.  arthur: how will you fit a wrestling arena on top of a tree.  details, details.  brain, what features would you like in a new tree house.  you don't have to bother designing anything, francine.  i've already done it.  what.  yes, i ran into that architect, and i've come up with a plan that will benefit all of elwood city.  what is it.  sorry, arthur, i'm not at liberty to discuss the project, but come to the unveiling at the sugar bowl.  may i have some toothpicks, mrs. macgrady.  thank you.  huh.  that knowitall.  we'll see who has the best design.  : i need the glue to dry faster.     okay, we'll put binky's wrestling arena here, and sue ellen's pagoda there, and george's woodworking shop over to the left right next to wally's sauna.  oh, yeah, and it all has to be pieshaped.   i can't even see the tree anymore.  : this is pointless.  there are just too many things to include.    huh.  that just might work.  can we eat yet.  just a minute.  i want this drawing to really capture pizza.  there. what do you think.  it's very... pizzaish.  oh, it's too simple.  we should have ordered more toppings.  aw, arthur was right.  a pizza tree house is a dumb idea.  : maybe i should work with calzones.  well, whatever you do, it'll have to wait till after dinner.  i'm starving.  wait. stop.  that's it, that's it.  don't move, mom.  arthur: i couldn't decide on a spaceship or a castle, so i combined the two.  it's a spacecastle tree house.  i bet that's new.  actually, it reminds me of the work of the spanish architect antonio gaudi.  it does.  it's a compliment, arthur.  gaudi created some of the most inspiring buildings of his generation.  look at his church of the sagrada familia in barcelona.  buster: awesome.  arthur: that's amazing.  what did you come up with, buster.  i know it sounds kind of silly, but, well, it's a pizza tree house.  at first i imagined it as pieshaped, but then i thought, why not separate the slices.  and you could climb from slice to slice on ladders made of cheese.   hmm... cheese is not the best building material.  oh... i guess the whole idea is pretty ridiculous.  no, it isn't.  i made a building once that looked just like a pair of binocularssee.  a great building can be inspired by anything.  the question is, can it be built.  i don't think one tree could support all that.  that's why i decided to use ten trees.  i couldn't fit everyone's wishes into one design, so i spread it out.  that way, binky can have his wrestling arena...  sue ellen can have her art studio, and so on and so on.  and they would all be connected by bridges so we could visit each other.    i like how you incorporated the surrounding space, but there's no place for you all to hang out together.  isn't that the main purpose of your tree house.  brain: there's room for the whole school in my design.   presenting the world's tallest tree house.  kids: whoa. cool.  that's not a tree houseit's built on the ground.  true, but it will bring millions of tourists to elwood city and revitalize our sluggish economy.  it's a bold vision, brain, but that would cost a fortune to build.  brain: i know.  i spent three months of allowance on the toothpicks alone.   and then i got a cold waiting for the glue to dry.  all your ideas are excellent, but i don't think you have your tree house yet.  that only leaves one option: we hang out at muffy's.  or you could go back to the drawing board and try working together this time.   frank: strong lines, a harmonious compositioni love it.  see, i told you you could come up with something new that you would all like.  francine: it's pretty much what we had before.  we just couldn't improve on the original design.  the key is finding a design that reflects your vision, and that's what you did.  and we built it ourselves.  well, how can you beat that.  hereit's a poster of something i designed.  if you're ever in spain, you should check it out.  arthur: "to my friends in elwood city, frank gehry." that was frank gehry.  i don't believe it.  he's one of the greatest architects of our time.  this is the museum he designed in bilbao, spain, which people from all over the world travel to see.  whoa.  and you thought my pizza house was far out.  kids: and now...  my name is chris, and this is my thirdgrade class.  we're talking about buildings, and we looked at pictures of very interesting buildings.  that looks like a church made out of sand.  this one here looks like a cup.  teacher: we would like you to go and design your dream building.  want some crayons.  chris: we are drawing a picture of a dream building.  this is a building for people to skate in.  it's an awesome place to skate at.  girl: this building is colorful and you can have birthday parties in the middle of it.  kids: surprise.  it has polka dots on it and it's very colorful, because i want people to remember where it is.  this is a building where you go to be a baseball player.  it looks like a baseball building because it has a pitcher, a baseball and a field.   and if you can't really find a place to park, there's a parking lot right here.   it looks like a dogit's a place for dogs and more than 100 dogs fit in this building.   people are teaching the dogs how to talk like humans.  hello.  what's up.  this building up here is a place where dogs can get their teeth cleaned.   this is daycare center.  this is where the little kids go and take their nap, and this is where they play.  this is different because it's my idea.  and now...  mr. haney: attention, boys and girls.  i have an announcement regarding your chorus trip to crown city.  "starting today, all plastic garbage should..." wrong announcement.  : where is that thing.  ah, singing at bartleby hall.  it almost makes repeating third grade worth it.  really.  i'm nervous singing to all those people.  i'm not talking about the concert.  i'm talking about finkelmeyers, the place ms. krasny takes us to afterwards.  it's the best deli in crown city.  the pastrami sandwiches are so big, you need to sit on a telephone book to eat them.  after half of one, you think you'll never be able to eat again, but when they bring the cheesecake...   you make room.  : finkelmeyers.  ah. here we go.  "ms. krasny will not be able to take you to crown city this year." oh, the humanity.  but we've managed to find you a replacement.  both: dr. fugue..  yeeha.  fugue: who am i.  dr. frederique fuguepianist, private tutor, musicologist.  what is my goal.  to make sure you're ready to sing at bartleby hall at 4:00 p.m. this friday.  questions.  dr. fugue.  i have a...  : a sore throat.  may i be excused.  no.  if you sing from the diaphragm, you will not strain your vocal cords.  but you may have a flavorless lozenge.  right.  enough chitchat.  we'll begin with scales.  after me.   do, re, mi, fa, sol, la, ti, do.   class :..   stop.  arthur, fern, muffy and binky, you're flat.  we'll start again and continue until everyone is on key.  class :..fa, sol, la, ti, do.   good.  that time you were all pitchperfect.  remember, a chorus sings as one voice.  all it takes is one rotten apple to spoil the bushel.  now, for your homework...  class: homework..  aw, man.   as i was saying, for homework you are all to pick a song to sing in class.  it will help me decide who will sing the solo.  what.. but i have the solo part.  ms. krasny gave it to me.  if your singing merits it, perhaps i shall as well.  good day.  francine: you had him as piano teacher and survived.  he's strange, but he is a good teacher.  binky: he's the best.  that's why i'm not singing.  others: what..  why not.  because i'm a lousy singer.  once dr. fugue really hears my voice, he'll lose all respect for me.  you'll miss finkelmeyers.  think of the pastrami, binky.  oh, i'm going on the trip.  i've got it all worked out.   morning bells are ringing    ding dang dong     ding dang dong...    impressive range, francine.  if you learn to control your breathing, you could become an excellent singer.  does that mean i get the solo.  i'll let you know when i've made my decision.  let's begin our song, the very appropriate "in the good old summertime," which will take a bite out of winter.  has anyone seen binky.  binky: here i am.  did i miss the solo tryouts.  oh, darn.  lousy watchthe battery must have died.  from the top.   class:  there's a time in each year    that we always hold dear    good old summertime    with the birds and the treeses and sweetscented breezes...    fugue: b flat.   la.   fugue: c sharp.   la.   sharper.  :  la.    class :  when your day's work is over    then you are in clover...   tempo. tempo.  this isn't tchaikovsky's funeral march, people.   buster, can you pass the salt in a minor.     here you go.    are you finished with that fish stick in c major.   more feeling.  enunciate.  give it some... gusto.  class:  you hold her hand and she holds yours    and that's a very good sign    that she's your tootsiewootsie    in the good old summertime.   well, the tempo was good, the phrasing was accurate, and the pitch was perfect.  but there's one very important thing you're not doing.  i knew it was too good to be true.  you're not having fun.  did you know there are 21 chandeliers in bartleby hall, each glittering with hundreds of pieces of crystal.  when you take the stage, the chandeliers rise toward the ceiling and dim and resemble stars on a cloudless night.  then there is a silence, which is at once frightening and thrilling, because in seconds it will be filled with your voice.  and when the conductor lowers his baton, it feels like you are not singing alone, but with the help of all the beautiful voices that ever echoed in that theater.   la.   fugue: that, my friends, is what you have to look forward to tomorrow.  enjoy itespecially you, francine.  there's nothing worse than a glum soloist.  yes.   class dismissed.  get a good night's sleep.  binky: dr. fugue.  i have something to tell you.  you've been lipsynching all week.  but... how did you....  oldest chorus trick in the book.  used it many times with the whittenpoofs.  i just thought, well, i might be all right at clarinet, but singing...  contrary to what you might think, you have an excellent voice, but it's up to you to you use it.  thanks, dr. fugue.   you're welcome... in a minor.   class:  she'll be comin' round the mountain    she'll be comin' round the mountain    she'll be comin' round the mountain when she comes.   george, fern and jenna, you were off key.   hey, it's really starting to come down.  can we have a snowball fight before the concert.  and expose your highly cultivated vocal cords to the elements.  not a chance.  how's the weather forecast.  not good.  the snow is getting heavier.  fugue: fear not.  crown city is a hibernal paradise in a snowstorm.  the streets are hushed, the cars are snuggled...  the road is closed.  what..   blond with sand and a pair of life preservers.  better fire up the second griddle, remy.  we got a busload comin' in.  francine: but what about the concert.  if we stop, we'll never make it in time.  you're letting the draft in.  there'll be no cases of grippe on my watch.  another coffee, if you please.  sadie and i had theater tickets.  what a pity.  we don't get out much.  it's just not fair.  we did all that practicing for nothing.  i didn't, but i was going to sing anyway.  i'll probably never get another chance to perform at bartleby hall.  ah, all that cheesecake.  hey, you think we're sad.  check out dr. fugue.  poor guy.  he must be crushed.   right.  chorus, assemble, please.  come, come, we're wasting time.  obviously, the acoustics are not as good as they are at bartleby hall, so you should project a little more.  other than that, remember to smile and...  dr. fugue, what are we doing.  performing, of course.  it's 4:00.  no way.  we're in a diner.  i've played humbler venues.    i am very proud of this chorus, and you've worked too hard not to hear how good you've become.   class:  there's a time in each year    that we always hold dear    good old summertime    when the birds and the treeses and sweetscented breezes    good old summertime    in the good old summertime    in the good old summertime...   :  strolling through shady lane with your baby mine...   francine and binky:  you hold her hand and she holds yours    and that's a very good sign...   class:  that she's your tootsiewootsie    in the good old summertime.   yeah.  man: bravo.   waitress: a plow's coming to clear route 9, so you'll be able to get to elwood city.  but in the meantime, remy thought you might like some appleberry pie.  well, it may not be finkelmeyers, but...  this is amazing.  this is the best pie i've ever had.  waitress: i'll tell remy.  he used to be a pastry chef in parisfive stars and all that.   francine: dr. fugue.  i thought i was a good singer a week ago, but now i realize i have a lot to learn.  i'm really looking forward to it.  so...  thank you in c sharp.   class and fugue:  you hold her hand and she holds yours    and that's a very good sign    that she's your tootsiewootsie    in the good old summertime.   brown: when i draw baby kate, i do sort of a miniature versionof arthur.  i start with an ovalfor her head.  i always do the eyes second.  and let's give her a little bit of hair here.  we'll give her those two little dots for her nostrils.  and she smiles a lot.  and we'll add her ears.  and there's baby kate.   visit us online at pbskidsgo.org.  you can findarthurbooks and lots of other books, too, at your local library.  captioned by media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org  and everybody that you meet has an original point of view.    and i say hey.   hey.   what a wonderful kind of day    if we could learn to work and play    and get along with each other   hey.   what a wonderful kind of day   hey.  captioningis provided by...  chuck e. cheese's, proud supporter of pbs kids.  who know when it comes to learning how to be fit for your life, you're never too young to start.  pbs kids, where a kid can be a kid.  and by a "ready to learn"television cooperative agreement from the u.s. departmentof education through the publicbroadcasting service.  broadcasting service every week...  that's me.  martha speaks is proof positive...  do we love llamas, people.  ...there's nothing like a talking dog.  hello.   you guys are really irritating.  does "irritating" mean "fun".  on your mark, go.  martha speakson pbs kids.  wow.    )