 make things better by working together    it's a simple message and it comes from the heart    believe in yourself    for that's the place to start    and i say hey.   hey.   what a wonderful kind of day    if we could learn to work and play    and get along with each other.   hey.   what a wonderful kind of day    hey. what a wonderful kind of day.   hey.  arthur: hey, d.w.  hey.  whoa.   d.w.: arthur, hurry.  the little hand is almost at the three.  we'll miss the movie.  arthur: does it really have to bedoll story 2.  what aboutslappy blackhead's way cool journey through time.  it'smymovie day.  i'd go by myself if mom and dad would let me, but they won't, so you have to take me.  now hurry.  calm down, i know a shortcut.  a secret path.  yep, but stay right beside me.  it's easy to get lost.  wow.  neat trick, arthur.   buster: hey, arthur.  hey, guys.  what you doing.  arthur: oh, just taking d.w.  to seedoll story 2.  buster: aw, that's too bad.  we're seeingslappy blackhead's way cool journey through time.  really.  d.w.: no, arthur.  arthur.  boy : slappy, so you're saying all this bike needs is uranium you got from science class and cooked in your microwave to make it into a time machine.  dude, would slappy blackhead steer you wrong.   rockinpalooza, 1991both: here we come.  oh, brother.  i know arthur is always telling you that having a little sister is a pain, but look at what i have to put up with.  and this is only the tail of the iceberg.  slappy : wow, when are we.  but all i'm asking for is one little kitten.  sorry, d.w., we already got a dog for arthur and one pet is enough.  but it's a boy's jacket.  no one can tell, d.w.  arthur's old one will do you just fine.  teacher: oh, that's nice, d.w.  oh, but i remember the fingerpainting arthur made when he was in preschool.  he was such an instinctive fingerpainter.   arthur: d.w., shh.  we're trying to watch the movie.  and you're not supposed to do the intro anyway.  it's my show.  wait, i'm not finished yet.  older brothers.  hey.  oops.  muffy: but my favorite part was where principal crabcake fell headfirst into the dumpster.   "i'll get you, slappy blackhead."  i don't get it.  why did the principal fall in the garbage.  because slappy went back in time to change history so that he would.  why would he do that.  because principal crabcake was uncool.  he wouldn't let slappy play his boom box.  so he went back in time just to make him fall in garbage.  arthur: well, yeah.  it's funny.  and then arthur made us go tosloopy bloopy's time machine just because he was older and i had to do what he said.  i know, d.w.  we've spoken to arthur and believe me he won't be going to movies for quite some time.  why didn't you have me born first instead of arthur so that i was the older one and i could makehimdo things.  sorry, honey, that's just the way things worked out.   night.  nadine: d.w.  d.w., wake up.  huh.  look what i made.  d.w.: a bike that tells time.  no, a time machine.  all it needs is radioactive claydough and we can make arthur fall in garbage.  really.  i'll get you, d.w. read.  actually, only older brothers are mean enough to do that.  oh, yeah.  but wait.  could we make me born before arthur.  that's a great idea.  both: back in time, here we come.  d.w.: a parking lot.  what are we doing here.  nadine: you'll see.  wow, everything was so different back in time.  it's mom and dad.  you don't have to hide.  they don't know who you are yet.  it's before you or arthur were born.   nadine: d.w, hide.  but i thought i didn't have to.  you do now.  have any children followed you.  what's this place.  it's where moms and dads buy babies.  so what kind of baby were you looking for.  we'd like an adorable girl to be our first child, preferably one who likes pink jumpers and unicorns.  salesman: little girls are all well and good, but if you're looking to save some money, we have a terrific sale on baby boys.  in fact, you can't get a better deal than this one, 50% off.   i knew there was a reason they had arthur first.    uh, we really did want a girl, and this baby looks broken.    huh.   you know what.   salesman: he's free.  and just to show you we care, we'll throw in a free tv, trampoline and a year's supply of ice cream.  d.w.: we're too late.  they took arthur first again.  nadine: no, we're not.  we just go back in time.    so what kind of baby were you looking for.  : you have a call.  i'll take care of them.  come with me.  i have just the baby for you.   man: isn't she beautiful.  as you can see, it's our most popular.  please, folks, please.  i'm afraid this couple was first.  they, uh, placed a phone order.  customers: aw.   d.w.: we did it, nadine.  now i'll be the oldest.  hey, can we go into the future and see how i turn out.  start pedaling.  this fingerpainting is the most instinctive fingerpainting i have ever seen.  d.w. is a genius.  tell us something we don't know.  d.w., that deserves a reward.  why don't you go buy yourself a pony to go with your kitten.  and see some movies all by yourself while you're at it.  you know, d.w. is so amazing.  did you ever think of having another child.  well, that's just it.  d.w. is so perfect, there doesn't seem to be any point to having another one.  what, aren't you happy.  i guess i should be, but i feel bad for arthur.  if mom and dad don't take him, who will.     oh, dear.  someone's left us a broken baby.   d.w.: maybe you should take him.  he looks so sad, and you could get a considerable charity deduction on your taxes.  oh, d.w., you're so thoughtful.  of course you're right.    crowd : mary moo cow for presi love mary moo cow.  mary moo cow for president.  crowd : mary moo cow.  can we go todoll story 2now.  good job, nadine.  it's better than i'd hoped.  arthur: i want another cookie.  i want another cookie.  but, arthur, that was my last one.  i want another cookie.    uhoh.  d.w. smashed my glasses.  .  but he's lying.  d.w., older sisters have to be nice to baby brothers and especially nice when they're broken.  i want to go see sloopy bloopy.  dad: no, arthur, you're too little.  d.w., take him to the movies.  mom: and buy him some new glasses while you're at it.  sloopy bloopy, sloopy bloopy.  but before you said you wanted to see doll story 2.  you had cookies then.  we're going to miss the movie.  hurry up.  okay, okay, we'll take the shortcut.  do you know where we're going.  i think so.  i mean, well...  you're lost.     i'm sure i can find the way.  i'm the older one.  we should help them.  do you know the way out.  i don't know.  arthur showed me once, but  i know, let's go back in time and keep them from going this way.  arthur: neat tricycle.  both: no.  who are you.  you.  nadine.  don't look at me.  i don't know what's going on either.  do you know the way out of here.  nnno.  all: help.  somebody help.  i don't like being the oldest one anymore.  it's good to have someone older to help you.  i wish you'd thought of that before.  both: help.  we're lost.  nadine: help us.  we're lost.  help.  .  are you okay.  arthur.  is that you.  oh, good.  you're not that broken baby from the store anymore.  d.w., you know babies don't come from stores.  remember when kate was born.  mom and dad explained it to you.  oh, right.  so it was just a terrible nightmare.  herewill those make you feel better.  i don't have nightmares so much when i sleep with bionic bunny.  arthur.  i'm glad you're my older brother.  me, too.  good night, d.w.  arthur.  hmm.  good night, arthur.  kids:..  hi, i'm jay.  we're making pictures in our secondgrade class today.  we're making pictures of our brothers or sisters or cousins.  boy: my name is matthew.  that's a picture of my little sister dory and she's six years old.  my sister and i are playing basketball in the school gym.  well, sometimes i feel like i don't understand why she does some things.  boy: my sister's name is deshawna, and every time i'm bored, i do activities with her.  i'm happy about my sister.  girl: my name is cora.  i have a cousin i'm really close to.  this is a picture of my cousin kirenea and i, and we are playing hideandseek.  boy: that's my brother.  he's five years old.  sometimes he's so annoying.  he's ten percent annoying.   but i like him very much.  this is my sister ivy, and she's 23.  and my favorite thing about ivy is when she takes me places.  i'm really lucky.  kids: and now...  arthur: every time we take a field trip, buster brings something back home with him.  like the time buster took a dinosaur fossil from rainbow rock state park.  then there was the time he accidentally took a badge out of the police station.  when we visited elwood city fudge factory, he brought home a really bad stomachache.  i wonder what buster will bring home from field trip.    whoa, now, that's a machine.  alien voice: bet you can't catch us.  oh, yeah.    ratburn: say goodbye to the 21st century, class.  we are now entering amish country.  there's a country called amish.  ratburn: buster, were you paying attention in class.  is that a trick question.  the amish are a group of people who came to america from northern europe so they could live according to their beliefs.  what kind of beliefs.  look out the window and tell me what you see.  arthur: they're not using that big machine to harvest the grain.  ratburn: correct.  amish don't rely on the modern conveniences.  can anybody tell me why.  they don't have money to buy them.  actually, they choose not to use them.  they believe that their lives should be as simple as possible, so they don't drive cars, talk on the phone, or even utilize electricity.  that means no tv.  or any other technology that makes modern life possible.  yeah.  or tv.  arthur: hey, looka buggy.  hello, children.  welcome to the lapp family farm.  we amish believe our community should keep to our own ways, separate from the outside world.  so in the 200 years since my greatgreatgreat grandfather came to america, the outside world has changed, but our farm hasn't changed nearly as much.  come inside and i'll show you.  hi, i'm buster.  hello, my name is daniel.  buster: cool hat.  thanks.  woman: we make a lot of our own furniture.  who builds your pianos.  we don't believe in playing musical instruments.  this is the room where we make quilts and most of our clothes.  i'm not allowed to wear these.  no buttons.  too fancy.  no zippers either.  woman: as mr. ratburn has already told you, we don't use electricity.  instead we use gas or wood to cook our food.  what's this.  it's a butterchurn.  we even make our own butter here.  can i try it.  : look at me.  i'm making butter.  ratburn: okay, buster.  that's enough.  you want to try something really yummy.  apple butter.  mmm.   what's going on.  our friends and neighbors are helping us build a new barn today.  it's a barnraisingan amish tradition.  a barnraising.  can we help.  well, we are a little ahead of schedule.  buster: we're going to do a barnraising.  brain: it would have been more efficient if we had used a power saw.  mr. ratburn, can we come back tomorrow and help them put the roof on.  i'm afraid not, buster.  thanks for helping us with our barnraising.  i should be thanking you.  i never made anything with my own hands before.  boy, you guys really know how to live.  you don't have to be amish to live like we do.  you could try it at home.  you really think so.  sure.  this will help you get started.  awesome.  thanks, daniel.  pretty cool, buster.  it's way more than just "cool," arthur.  it's my inspiration.  for what.  to live the amish way.  from now on, i'm going to live simply and make everything with my own two hands.  who's with me.   they put us to work.  i chipped a nail on a stupid saw.  buster, it's virtually impossible to function in our world without technology.  think of all the advanced machinery we use every day.  he's right.  remember when you couldn't even last a week without tv.  i'm through with that modern junk.  here, take my jacket.  it has buttons.  buster, i don't understand.  why can't you ride home in the car.  because that's not the amish way, mom.  well, okay.  would you like anything special for dinner.  how about a stew of cornmeal ground up by hand, and fresh kale, and sweet potatoes slowcooked over a woodburning stove.  next time we have to make our own pizza.  we can grow tomatoes and make our own dough.  that might be difficult seeing as i have to work.  but a candlelight dinner was a nice idea.  mom, what are you doing.  we can't use electricity.  of course we can, dear.  but that's not the amish way.   don't answer that.  we can't use phones.  buster, i'm not amish and neither are you.  we should be.  those people know how to live.  maybe, but i'm not prepared to live that way.  well, i am.  tell you what.  you can be amish in your room.  you mean, i have to go it alone.  i'm afraid so.  but amish families stick together.  here, i found a selfpowered flashlight.  i don't want you ruining your eyes.  all you have to do is crank this handle to charge it.  ooh, it's cold in here.  i had to turn off the heat.  it's electric.  i don't think the amish sleep in freezing bedrooms.  they probably have wood stoves that heat the whole house.  but we don't have those.  sweetie, do you need to be completely amish.  couldn't you just be a little amish.  no way.  is bionic bunny a little bionic.   sleep tight, dear.  bitzi: hurry up, buster.  you're going to be late.  but i can't find a coat that doesn't have buttons or zippers.  buster: mr. ratburn.  can we do a barnraising right here in elwood city.  i'm pleased you got so much out of the trip, but i don't think anyone in town needs us to build a barn.   given the lack of farmland here, i doubt you'll find anyone in need of a barn.  hey, buster, want to play tag.  no, thanks, i'm sewing a quilt.  ow.  mrs. macgrady: guten tag,my amish lad.  hungry.  i bet that was made in an electric oven.  are you sure it's "amish" enough for you.   i'll just have an apple.  well, i'll be.  never thought i'd live to see buster baxter turn down food.  boy, this homework is hard on the arms. )