 welcome to the broadcast.  you've won hollywood's top honors.  you've worked with some of the best directors in the world.  matt damon...  what drives you.  well, casey, i prefer to ride my bike whenever i can.    this seems like a good opportunity to talk about my new project.  it's called "postcards from you." i want kids from all over the country to send me oneminute videos they make.  i'll pick a few and air them on tv.  does that sound like fun.  it sure does.  to enter, just email us and we'll send you the guidelines and you can start filming.  matt damon, always a pleasure.  actually, this is the first time i've been on your show.  but thank you.  time for bed.  arthur: something i made could actually be on tv.  imagine how cool that would be.  oh, i don't have a video camera.  you can borrow mine.  it's not the latest model, but it works.  sleep tight.  i wonder what i should film.  hey, maybe i should make it about you.    congratulations.  you're all invited to audition to be extras in the video i'm making for matt damon.  i'm entering that contest, too.  all you have to do is send in a oneminute video about something interesting in your life.  don't waste your time.  my daddy sold a car to matt damon's lawyer's assistant.  so i'm pretty much guaranteed to win.  but you would be fabulous as "average kid " i wonder what i could film for one minute that would be of scientific value.   that's it.  i have the perfect subject for my video... you.  why me.  why not.  you're very interesting.  besides, i don't think i could get footage of a real alien in time.  what's yours going to be about, arthur read.  you'll just have to wait and see.  every morning pal starts off with a bowl of delicious beefflavored kibble.  that's your cue, d.w.   lalalala.   good morning, arthur's smelly dog.  even though you've been very, very bad, i'll grant you with breakfast anyway.  arthur: cut.  why are you dressed like that.  and what's lettuce doing in pal's bowl.  i'm the breakfast fairy.  and your dog eats too much meat.  he should have a salad once in awhile.  there are not going to be any fairies in my movie.  it'sourmovie.  mom said i could help, too.  guys, you're missing a great nature video.  the squirrelknown to scientists as, uh... squirrelus squirrelisimus, tries to make a meal out of the dog's unwanted breakfast...   he fails.  the read yard is indeed a hostile environment.  now that your star is off catching a case of rabies, can we please film my idea.  and now, presenting the lovely nadiniwho for her first trick will produce a pig out of a hat.   wonderful... amazing.  oh, two of clubs.  that was the card i was thinking of.  this nadini's not bad for someone who isn't even real.  what do you think, arthur read.  i think we need more ideas.  the sneeze is one of the most fascinating responses in the body.   now watch the same image slowed down to a quarter of the speed.  the air coming out of his nose is spewing 100,000 bacteria into the air.  that's your video.  i was going to have georgesneeze multiple times, but he had to workon his own project.  hey, you guys could be my new test subjects.  i have to go wash my pants.  yeah, i'm late for...  um, something.  come on, i even have pepper.  welcome tothis old dollhouse.  i'm your host, george lundgren.  so miss molina, what is it you want to do with this house.  it's too small for raulito.  he wants a barn put on the side.  but it should look like a castle.  uh, that could be a little difficult.  but hey, i notice you have some rot over here.  so what we're going to do is remove this side, and...  what are you doing..  ii'm just trying to fix it.  you're destroying raulito's house.  you monster.  alberto.  buster: arthur sips the last of his smoothie, trying to come up with a new idea.  but his head's as empty as his glass.  would you cut that out..  ooh, that was good, but you moved your head out of the frame.  i'm serious.  the deadline for the video is in three days and i still don't know what to shoot.  you'll come up with something.  have some mozzarella sticks.  i haven't filmed you eating yet.  that's it.  ...et voil.  that is how you make david read's lighterthanair chocolate souffl.  wait. it's not finished.   thank you, sprinkle fairy.  arthur: cut.  d.w., you ruined the shot.  now we have to start all over.  you can just edit it out.  yeah, smartypants.  we can just edit it out.  what's an edit, and how do we get it out.  editing is where you take all the stuff you filmed and cut it up so it's fun to watch.  come on, i'll show you.  first, you have to cut out the boring parts or anything you don't want people to see.    then you add in some background music...  you can also add in some cool graphics for your title.  finally, after hours and hours of work, you're done.  arthur read leaves his house with his finished oneminute video.  all his hopes and dreams are in that envelope.  don't you think you have enough footage of me by now.  i never got a shot of you brushing your teeth.  but i guess you're right.  goodbye, arthur.  you've been a wonderful subject.  : i'm really going to miss you.  i'm your best friend.  i see you every day.  oh, yeah.  well, good luck.  you included one to matt's cat stylist, right.  hey, muffy.  how did your video go.  it was exhausting.  the special effects took forever.  you had special effects.  of course.  how can you domuffythe umpire slayer without a baseball team of flying vampire zombies.  is that yours.  yeah.  it's my dad making a chocolate souffl.  a cooking video.  well, there's always cable.  ciao.  damon: moby dick.sure, i'll do it.  but i want 100% of the back end...  and i want to be the whale.  script for you, mr. damon.  it's by someone named...  arthur read.   arthur read..  oh, i remember that kid's oneminute video.  it was terrible.  you tell arthur read that he'll never eat lunch in this town again.  he's not from this town.  he's from elwood city.  well, tell him he can't eat lunch there, either.  uhhuh, yes, sir.  right away, mr. damon.    you should unwrap the chocolate bar before you make another souffl.  it'll get foily.  i'm not cooking, d.w.  i'm just doing a little more work on the video.  but we finished it.  i decided that it needs more, um, pizzazz.  see, if i only shoot one frame of video at a time and move these objects a little between each frame, it will look like they're moving on their own.  it's a special effect called stopmotion animation.  that doesn't seem very special.  hey, maybe the glitter fairy could come sprinkle some...  no.  hmm. well, if you ask me, what we did before was just fine.  oh.  voice on video: we're delicious.   : it'll have to do.  "are you sure you want to delete this." sure, i'm sure.  what have i done..  hello.  buster, i wanted to work on the video some more, but i pressed "delete" instead of "save," and now i don't have...  you mean you erased the whole video.  that's great.  how is that great.  you can share my project.  i have to edit 72 hours of footage down to one minute.  i need help.  you don't really think there's a chance we could win, do you.  who knows.  they put mary moo cow on tv.  why not you.  take that, you demon creature from cooperstown.   to reach home, you must face vladimira the umpire.   your credit card, it's blinding me.  by the power of king midas, i banish thee forever and for all time.  damon: what are they teaching kids these days.  didn't a crosswire sell your lawyer's assistant a car once.  oh, yeah.  what a lemon.  the last one.  arthur: the story of a kid, his sister and his friends.  well, at least it doesn't sound fake.  let's give it a shot.  yes.  hi, does an arthur read live here.   you're matt damon.  arthur's not here.  he moved to alaska... or venus, but he said you could put me on tv instead.  did i win.  is my video going to be on tv..  uh, no. we're going with someone named george lundgren, but since we're passing through, we wanted to speak to you and your parents about something.  i loved your video, and, well, i was hoping we could make it into a whole tv show.  wow.   let's get a shot of you and your dog walking on the sidewalk in front of the house.   every day when you're walkingdown the street    and everybody that you meet    has an original pointof view.   buster:  you're in them, you shoot them, you make them    it's"postcards from you"    it's "postcards from you."   this "postcard from you" was made by kids at the delano optional school in memphis, tennessee.  hi, buster, it's bryonik, and i'm here with...  jaffrin. janay.  nathan. and miles.  let's go see if we can find some celebrities.  whoo.  come on, everybody, let's go.  that's the peabody.  i heard a lot of celebrities stay at this hotel.  what do you like best about working with celebrities.  celebrities are a lot of funbecause, you know, everybody comes to seethe celebrities, so there's a lot of picturetaking, a lot of filming.  oh, my gosh.  ducks. ducks.  buster: our next postcard comes from kids at the boys' and girl's club in lewiston, idaho.  my name is vikalte and we are in lewiston, idaho.  lewiston is where lewis and clark passed by to get to the pacific ocean.  now we're going to take a journey back into the year of 1805.  here we go.  here we have meriwether lewis and william clark.  they're chopping down trees to make canoes for the long journey.  up there is chief twisted hair giving them directions.  pull that axe out.  my name is sacagaweaand i helped lewis and clark to guide them on their journey.  and this is my husband charbonneau.   look, it's the ocean.  it's so beautiful.  buster:to see more "postcards from you," visit: sometimes two people can do something together much better than if they did it alone.  like lewis and clark.  would they have discovered so much if clark had set out alone.  drat. now, where did i put that compass.  then there's buster and me.  we're each pretty funny, but when we get together, we're hysterical.   and then the lobster says...  "who you calling 'crabby,' shrimp." but there's two people who i could never ever imagine being good at anything together.  you ready.  ready as i'll ever be.  let's do it.   hi, francine.  are you ready for dance class.  for what.  dance class.  oops, i forgot to tell you.  i signed you up for dance lessons at the community center.  you did what..  i'm not taking dance lessons.  go unsign me.  i can't.  and it just so happens that you owe me.  in september, i gave you my spot in the lunch line.  and here, october second, i lent you three dollars.  even at a conservative interest rate, that comes to $22.69.  fine. i'll write you an i.o.u.  please, francine, i need to have one friend in the class.  i'll get us hockey tickets.  behind the penalty box.  anywhere you want.  all right.  gave francine hockey tickets.    every dance tells a story.  that was the flamenco, and it told a story of love and revenge.  my story's going to be about a girl who died of boredom.  everyone find a partner.  hold on, muffy.  i'm going to put you with otis over there.  and francine, uh, george.  perfecto.  i didn't choose to be here, so don't get the impression i'm enjoying any of this.  i'm only here because my mom's friends with mrs. molina.  i'd lose an antler to get out of it.  remember, everyone, it's back, left, together.  one, two, three, one, two, three...  you're not letting me lead.  i thought i was supposed to lead.  pleasecrosswires never follow.  ow. tommy, you're on my toe.  ugh. why did i have to get stuck with the worst dancer in the class.  ow.  make that the worst two dancers in the class.  both: one, two, three, one, two, three.  one, two, three.  very nice, but keep your heads up.  hey, i heard you guys were really good in dance class yesterday.  both: what..  d.w. said you were the only ones who didn't trip on each other's toes.  uh, my soup's getting cold.  : so, did you guys learn how to slowdance.  if you tell anyone about this, so help me...  muffy: francine.  over here.  i want to talk about our dance class.   binky: hey, dancer boy, want to show me some moves.  give that back.  i mean it. show me what you've learned.  well, we were working on the waltz.  you go, one...  not here.  everyone's watching.  binky, why don't you just take the class.  mrs. molina said there's still space available.  hmm.  binky: so, instead of being grounded, my parents made me take this dance class.  what rotten luck, right.   okay, everyone.  find your partner.   no, george.  francine said you're mine today.  "yours".    george.  sorry.  you were supposed to hold on.  grand jet.  grand jet.  binky, i think we're supposed to be dancing together.  then you better keep up, sister.  ball change, step, kick...  jazz hands, jazz hands...  jazz hands, jazz...  francine's right, binky.  this is ballroom dancing.  you have to communicate with your partner.  i think george was a better fit for you.  you can keep him.  he must have had beginner's luck yesterday, because he's terrible now.  all right,nios,from the top.     excellent foxtrot.  okay, class, let's see if we can do it like george and francine.  would you be interested in entering a competition.  a dance competition.  with a ball gown and a tiara.  i think the dancers do get to choose their own costume, but...  i'm in.  where do i sign up.  muffy, she was talking to us.  each class can only enter one pair.  if it were two, i would definitely consider you and binky.  what's the prize.  the fredandginger award.  ramon and i won it years ago.  both: we'll do it.   what.  is this because i dropped you on the dip.  i said i was sorry.  it's francine.  i just wanted a friend in the class and now she's better than me.  it's so rude.  yeah, and that george thinks he's so cool.  if it were just me and him, i could dance his socks off.  if i can't be in that contest, then francine isn't going to be in it, either.  and neither is george.  binky: well, well, well.  if it isn't twinkle toes.  so, you think you can dance better than me, huh.  binky, what are you doing out here dressed like that.  it's freezing.   can you do this, big horns.  : what'd you think of that.  walking away, huh.  is that all you got.  what do you call that move.  the chicken.    muffy: two hockey ticketsright behind the penalty box.  just like i promised.  that's amazing.  when are we going.  oh.  these are for the night of the dance competition.  it was all daddy could get.  if you can't go, i understand.  i'll just have to take jenna.  oh, wait.  can i at least...  think about it.   we have to talk.  i know it's a bad excuse, but if the elwood city otters beat crown city, we'll go to the playoffs.  i have to take those tickets.  that's okay.  i mean, it's not like either of us are really into dancing anyway.  right.  even though we are pretty good at it.  we're the best in the class.  maybe even the best in elwood city.  who knows. we might have even won that trophy.  you know what.  wearegoing to win that trophy.  you mean it.  well, we're going to try, at least.  forget the tickets.  let's start practicing.  i'll get my cd player.   and instead of grounding me, my parents made me come to this dance competition.  what rotten luck, right.  they're up next.  i still can't believe francine turned down those tickets.  well, i spent two whole weeks pestering george.  not only did he not drop out, i didn't even get a cookie out of him.   and that was nigel ratburn and paige turner, dancing the tango.  in the seventoten age group, we have george lundgren and francine frensky.   muffy: ugh, that dress doesn't even have any sequins.  what a waste.  hope you don't trip, antler boy.   hey, they're pretty good.  is that really francine.  that was a beautiful twirl.  keep your head up, george.  poise. poise.  shh.    bravo. whoohoo.  bravo. you guys rock.  ahem. of course, we could have done much better.  oh, yeah.  some jazz hands would have really helped their finish.  mr. haney: and first place for the seventoten age group goes to...  muffy: i can't watch.  tell me when it's over.  karl and chelsea, for their sizzling rumba.   it was that stumble i had.  i'm sorry, george.  no, it's my fault.  i didn't set you up right.  but look on the bright sidewe made some new fans.  that is so unfair.  recount.  recount.  no, their performance was outstanding, really.  i haven't seen anything like that in years.  second place isn't so bad.  it's the first time i've ever won anything.  well, see you at school.  muffy: francine.  i just wanted to say, i think you were robbed.  yeah, i know.  but we did have a lot of fun.  personally, i blame it all on your dress.  but we'll fix that in the "introduction to fashion" class i signed us up for.  the what..  tata.  muffy.  hi, everyone, it's me, buster.  we always have something to dance about in elwood city, but you won't believe all the cool dances people are doing all around the country.  on my trip with my dad, i see people rock, stomp, twirl, pop and boogie to the beat.  i'm filming all the groovy fun and sending it back to my friends in elwood city on my very own video postcards.  they'repostcards from buster.  visit us online at: you can find arthur booksand lots of other books, too, at your local library.   every day when you'rewalking down the street    and everybody that you meet    has an originalpoint of view    and i say, hey  hey.    what a wonderful kindof day    if we could learnto work and play    and get alongwith each other   hey.  what a wonderful kind of day   hey.  what a wonderful kind of day   hey.  funding forarthuris provided by: chuck e. cheese'sproud supporter of pbs kids, who know for safe fun, you need to make this cool move...  ...before you can makethese cool moves.  pbs kids, where a kidcan be a kid.  and by contributionsto your pbs station from:  go.  every week...  that's me.  martha speaks is proof positive...  do we love llamas, people.  ...there's nothing like a talking dog.  hello.   you guys are really irritating.  does "irritating" mean "fun".  on your mark, go.  martha speakson pbs kids.  wow.    i can't stop reading.  school, oneway, bakery, pizza, circus.  no dogs allowed, eat, open, stop.  i can't stop reading.  pbs kids.   )