 buster: oh, it's the math test.  there's a big math test on friday.  prunella: yes, math.  i see numbers, lots of numbersbig numbers, small numbers, strange greek squiggles.  the numbers twist and turn.  they seem to leap off the page.  and then...  buster: what do you see.  do i fail.  the future is unclear.  madame prunella is weary.  madame prunella needs candy to revive her psychic power.  that's it.  madame prunella needs a little more than that.  it was a long walk over.  all right...  i think there's some brownies in the kitchen.  there are.  did you see that in the ball.  is there milk, too.  are there any in my kitchen.  prunella, you're driving me crazy.  and i predict that you will shortly see...  there it is.  the brick of wonders.  just a little bit further.  man: not so fast, henry skreever.  skreever: that voice.  it's...  yes, lord moldywart.  afraid, little wizard.  you should be.  you should be..   announcer: henry skreever and the brick of wondersopens friday.   we must do something special.  let's read all five books again.  marina, it opens in four days.  even i can't read that fast.  me neither.  i'd get blisters.  i've got it.  we'll...  no, i'm not telling.  it's a surprise.  the tickling claw commands thee.  no, by the wheel of edam, i swear i shall never confess.  i'm using my hex of protection.   hey, you uncrossed your arms.  ha. the hex doesn't work.  yes, it does.   prunella, please, i have to know if i fail that math test.  here, i brought you a box of buster clusters.  i made them myself.  yuck. i heard about those.  they turn your tongue black.  have you seen pinkstriped bed sheets anywhere.  why do you need bed sheets.  i'm turning my bedroom into the castle of yutz, you know, from henry skreever, book three.  remember how the castle has pink and white walls.  no.  well, marina will.  she's coming for a sleepover, and i want everything to be just perfect.  marina, she's your friend who's blind, right.  uhhuh.  so why have pink and white sheets.  she can't see them. because.  because they just have to be.  that's why.  almost there.  just a few more touches and it'll be perfect.   i can't wait to see marina's expression when she sees what i've done.  tadah.  what. what's so special.  it's an exact replication of persephone's room in the castle of yutz.  marina: no, it isn't.  her walls are made of velvet.  i couldn't buy velvet bed sheets.  they'd be too expensive.  but they do have the pink stripes.  great, i bet they're a lovely shade.  too bad i can't enjoy them.  oh...  i'm sorry, marina.  i guess i wasn't thinking.  hey, want to play cards.  hello..  how can i play cards.  did you invite me over to your house just to insult me.  ow. that's it, i'm going home.  i hate this place.  no, wait, marina.  why, so you can say something mean and offensive.  wicked witch of the horrible gaffe, prestochango, you are a giraffe.    prunella: so what do i do.  i've looked forward to this sleepover, but now i'm not sure it's a good idea.  what's the big deal.  just get your room redone so it's safe for marina.  you know, put in a ramp.  muffy, she's blind, not in a wheelchair.  oh, yeah.  and i can't afford to redo my room.  well, there are one or two things you can do on a modest budget.  here, you'll want to take notes.  perfect... i guess.  rubella: ow.  why's this string here.  i just tripped over it.  it's so marina can find the bathroom.  she's not going to need string to find the bathroom.  how do you know.  why not just ask her if there's anything special she needs.  i can'ti want the sleepover to be a surprise.  besides, i swore on the wheel of edam i wouldn't tell.  well, what's more importanthaving a good time with your friend or a swear on a piece of cheese.   marina, i was just wondering, because you're visuallychallenged...  oh, that sounds terrible.  whoa.  marina: prunella, is that you.  wow, i didn't know you could play soccer.  yeah, there's a beeper in the ball so i can hear where it is.  what are you doing here.  um, i have to talk to you about something.  me, too.  do you want to sleep over the night before the movie opens.  we could play games and then get in line really early in the morning.  sure. great.  just come over after school.  whew.  oh, what did you want to tell me.  um... i don't eat eggplant.  bye.  see you tomorrow.   what's the password.  is it "abracadabra".  actually, i was thinking of "tzadziki" fromhenry skreever and the menacing moussaka.  but that's okayyou can come in.  hey, how come you aren't using your cane.  because it's my house.  i kind of know where things are.  come on, dinner's almost ready.  hotdogs at 6:00, beans at 9:00, and sauerkraut at 3:00.  enjoy.  what's that all about.  that's so i know where my food is.  i just imagine a clock face.  looking for the milk.  it's at , really.  and the mustard's a little after 10:00.  and the salt and pepper are...  thanks, i can manage.  so what should we play first.  do you like cards.  i'm a total gin rummy freak.  marina. watch out.  the corner of the rug was turned back.  you could have tripped.  boy, the way you reacted, i thought the house was on fire or something.  braille cards.  i never knew they had these.  they're so cool.  yeah, i guess.  it's your turn.  i put down a three.  you don't have to say.  i'm saving you the trouble.  hey, do they have braille checkers, too.  how about jacks.  does your jack ball have a beeper, too.  what about dice.  i guess you could feel the little dents.  but backgammon must be hard.  those pieces are so smooth.  i bet you have no problems with chess.  prunella, wizard of lakewood, i command thee to stop asking so many questions.    oh, my gosh, i moved out of the way.  how could you know.  i should have said something.  it's okay, it's okay, i'm fine.  i'll get your mom.  why. i just fell.  haven't you ever fallen.  well, yes, but...  but what.  marina, i was only trying to help.  you've been trying to help all evening, and frankly, prunella, you're driving me crazy.  well, if that's the way you feel, maybe...  maybe i should just go home.  if that's what you want.  no one's forcing you to stay.   go away.  please, prunella, the test is tomorrow.  i have to know my fate.  what's the matter.  i had a big fight with marina.  i was just trying to be extra considerate, you know, because she can't see.  she got all angry.  i really hated it when kids started treating me differently because i have asthma.  i can't just ignore the fact that she's blind.  but you don't have to make such a big deal.  would you like it if someone was always fussing over you.  no.  wait, what about my fortune.  i see you studying.  studying all day.  studying all night.  you'll do fine.  now, i have a phone call to make.  ahh.  goodbye, haggis. i'll never forget you.  you're the best bearded, sloppy, giant friend a wizard could ever have.  prunella: that was terrible.  the special effects were so goofylooking.  marina: oh, moldywart didn't look at all like what i imagined.  i could tell from the description on my headset.  where's the ticket guy.  to your left.  thank you.  what did you think of the kid playing henry.  i thought he was all wrong.  i guess they just don't see him the way we do.   arm, please.  kids: and now...  i'm ty, and i'm in fourth grade.  i have prosthetics, and that's basically the only thing different about me.  prosthetics, which are legs that were made by people, and they used to be made out of wood, like a wooden leg.  it's just basically a wooden leg, but in a new kind of fashion.  it has a knee that can bend, and it has a foot so you can wear shoes.  i wear shorts so people can see my legs.  some people say they're really cool.  a lot of people think that i'm really different, and they think that i can't make friends, and they think that i always need help doing stuff.  and it makes me feel bad when people try to help me and stuff like that.  and i just want to feel the same way as other people.  i don't want to feel different.  we're going to play baseball.  boys:  we are the men, the mighty, mighty men    wherever we go, people want to know...    when i hit, someone runs for me.  it's called a pinch runner.  coach: go, ian, go.  head in.  ty: i don't think many people would want to feel like everybody thinks they're different as if they came from mars or something like that.  i want to be treated like everybody else.   we are the men the mighty, mightymen.    kids: and now...  arthur: : arthur: : arthur: mom: arthur: mom: d.w.: somebody stole my snowball.  arthur: i'm trying to read this narration...  oh, so noone cares about my stolen snowball.  they just want to read your narration.  how will people know what the story is if you won't let me say what it is.  just tell the story right.  why don't you just do it.    mom: well, thank you, everybody.  that was awonderfuldinner.  happy birthday, oldtimer.  d.w.: mom.  dad.  look.  my snowball is back.  how wonderful.  on the sixmonth, twoweek and fourday anniversary from when it got stolen, too.  i'm glad you're happy, honey.  that makes my birthday extra special.  mom: okay, d.w., you're going to have to put that away for now.  it's way past your bedtime.  be careful.  it's very fragile.  slowly...  slower...  slower...  wait.  you forgot the peas.  d.w.: oh, snowball, i'm so glad you're back.    i'm so happy to be back, too, d.w.  i've missed you.  it's been a long six months, two weeks and four days.  how did i get back.  d.w.: don't you know.  how would i.  i don't have eyes or a brain, i'm just a snowball.  but i'll tell you one thing, if somebody took me once, they may try taking me again.   d.w.: what do you mean.  well...   .  no.      .  huh.  d.w.: well, if it got stolen once, what's to stop it from being stolen again.  it obviously wasn't stolen, or you wouldn't have found it.  what do you mean.  i think he's saying it just got lost behind all that stuff in the freezer.  then when everything got moved around for the party...  arthur.  what are you doing.  clearing my dishes.  a likely story.  stay right there.  i can't tell if it's still in here.  d.w., what are you doing in there.  nothing.  .  what are you doing.  you could hurt yourself.  but i have to find out if arthur took it.   it's smaller.  all right, here's where your snowball's going to live from now on, and that's final.  we can't have you making a mess or, worse, hurting yourself over this.  but aren't you going to punish arthur.  he obviously took the outside part of my snowball.  arthur didn't take anything.  it's just melted from being fussed with so much, not to mention the freezer being open all night.      snowball: uh, d.w., ... maybe it's time to te a little break.  w.: puing you in a cooler wasn't my idea.  you know, maybe if you found out who put me back in the freezer, you'd know who stole me to begin with.  arthur.  ooh, just the name gives me shivers.  but if you can prove that he did it, then your mom and dad might keep him from doing me any more damage.  oh, snowball, that's brilliant.  watch it, you're melting me.  sorry.  okay, i just have a few questions.  uhhuh.  where were you between six months ago and yesterday.  listening to you whine about your snowball 24 hours a day.  mmhmm...  and where did you keep the snowball.  mom.  this isn't going to be as easy as i thought.  brain: hello.  d.w.: hi, brain, it's arthur.  you have to come to my house right away.  what's wrong with your voice.  i have a cold.   see.  arthur's out buying medicine.  he told me to keep you company.  d.w.: okay, i need you to use science to figure out who stole this.  it's even smaller.  i'm sorry, is arthur coming back.  what's the problem.  do some experiments.  time is money.  okay, um...  but how could it be stolen if you have it.  it's complicated.  now, could a snowball just get lost in here for six months without getting smooshed.  you present an interesting conundrum.  do you have a measuring tape.  d.w., what are you doing in there.  just straightening up, mom.  brain: so if you multiply x by the width of the freezer squared, factoring in the algorithm of the average weight of a weekly allotment of frozen meats.  ice cream and tv dinners...  would it get smooshed.  yes.  just as i suspected.  this snowball has been somewhere else.  all right, brain, science experiment number two.  okay, here's a list of all possible freezers within a tenblock radius where the alleged thief could have stored the snowball for six months, two weeks and four days.  wow, for $1.65, you're a pretty good detective.  for 40 cents more, i'll throw in a flow chart.  let's see the list.  oh.  what about just those thatarthur could have gotten to.  wait a minute.  what. what.  yes, yes, that's it.  what's it.  ice cream from my parents' ice cream parlor.  so.  was this bought for your mom's birthday party.  yeah.  so.  don't you see.  the snowball showed up the same day.  obviously...  arthur: hi, brain.  what are you doing here...  in our freezer.  oh, i, uh...  he's investigating.  is this about that snowball.  yes, i mean... no, i mean...  you're not sick at all, are you.  sick.  you realize you've just been fooled by a fouryearold girl.  d.w.: wait, you must tell me what the ice cream meant.  i want my money back.  arthur, you did this on purpose.  mom: d.w., what are you screaming about.  nothing.   i'm sorry, snowball.  i really tried, but arthur's just too smart for me.  it's okay, d.w.  whether you caught him or not, it wouldn't have mattered.  don't say that.  goodbye, d.w.    goodbye, snowball.  okay, d.w., it was me.  i did it.  you did. why.  you've just never stopped talking about the snowball since it disappeared, and so when i went to get the ice cream for mom's birthday party, i saw they had a new snowcone machine.  so i ordered one with no syrup, paid for it with my own money and put it in the freezer with the ice cream.  i thought you'd be happy.  oh, so this wasn't the real snowball.  but why did you take it in the first place.  i told you i never took it.  you didn't.  well then, who did.  i don't know, d.w.nobody knows.  maybe somebody threw it away by accident.  maybe it melted.  can't you just forget about it.  you're making us all crazy.  but how can i just forget about it.  it was a crime.  oh, forget it.  i tried.  arthur, wait.  i'm sorry.  i guess...  i mean, i know you didn't take it.  but thanks for the fake one.  it wasalmostas good.  sure, d.w.   hey, emily, are you going to the pool.  wait for me, i want to come, too.  alien dad: now, i hope the two of you have learned not to beam down and take things from kitchens.  yeah, i know, dad.  "don't steal, blah, blah, blah." blippy here pigged out on, like, threequarters of that snow thing.  uhuh. yes.  if you kids don't stop arguing, you can forget going to the asteroid fair.  hi, everyone.  it's me... buster.  i love making music with my friends in elwood city.  that's why i love traveling with my dad and los viajeros, one of the greatest bands around.  but they aren't the only people playing music on my travels.  listen to this...  i'm filming some great music with my camera and i'm sending it all back to my friends on my very own video postcards.  they're postcards from buster.  visit us online at pbskidsgo.org.  you can findarthurbooks and lots of other books, too, at your local library.   what a wonderful kind of day    if we could learn to work and play    and get along with each other    you got to listen to your heart    listen to the beat    listen to the rhythm, the rhythm of the street    it's a simple message and it comes from the heart    believe in yourself    for that's the place to start    and i say hey.   hey.   what a wonderful kind of day    if we could learn to work and play    and get alongwith each other.   hey.   what a wonderful kind of day   hey.  funding forarthurwith captioningis provided by...       fun together is the best fun of all.     chuck e cheese'sproudly supports pbs kids.  and by a ready to learntelevision cooperative agreement from the u.s. department of education through the public broadcasting service.  and by the corporationfor public broadcasting.  announcer: go wild with wild kratts, ..  chris: she's the best natural digging machine in the world.  announcer:..  martin: devils have the strongest jaws of any mammal.  whoa.  announcer:..  check out this move.  do you hear that.  announcer: and personal hygiene.  yuck.  aah.   bro, are you ok.  announcer: watch "wild kratts"on pbs kids or anytime at pbskids.org.  pretty lizards.  @t wild kratts is made possible by      fun together is the best fun of all.     chuck e cheese'sproudly supports pbs kids.  the corporation for public broadcasting and by contributions to your pbs station from viewers like you.  thank you.   wild kratts.   chris: we're here in southeastern north america, in the incredible cypress swamps of florida.  hey, it's us, the kratt brothers.  i'm chris.  and i'm martin.  and here in the cypress swamp, creatures are everywhere: in the water.  in the trees.  on the land.  but there's one creature who seems to be everywhere you look.  and it wants something from any one of those creatures, even from you.  do you know who we're talking about.  mosquitoes. mosquitoes.  now, we know most people don't like mosquitoes.  i mean, what's loveable about a creature that steals your blood, right.  but mosquitoes are really interesting animals.  and it's worth finding out more about a kind of creature that lives just about anywhere on the planet.  mosquitoes have four different stages to their lives.  they start out as eggs.  then they hatch into larvae, which live under water and eat algae and other plants.  chris: the third stage is the pupae, which lasts only a few days before they emerge into the air as the buzzing insects we see everywhere.  not to mention there are at least 3,500 different kinds of mosquitoes in the world.  that's because they are so good at what they do.  a mosquito sneaks in, jabs her proboscis into an unsuspecting prey.  next, she fills her abdomen with blood. )