  believe in yourself    for that's the place to start    and i say hey.   hey.   what a wonderful kind of day    if we could learn to work and play    and get along with each other.   hey.   what a wonderful kind of day    hey. what a wonderful kind of day.   hey.  arthur: hey, d.w.  hey.  whoa.   hey, is it getting hot all of a sudden.  hmm, now that you mention it, i am feeling a little toayou know, close up, these ants seem a lot like people.  iteally looks like a city down there.  hey, do you ever get the feeling that we're being watched.  oh, buster, you're just being paranoid.  cool.  evyone looks like ants.  let me see, let me see.   sorry, my quarter ran out.  i didn't get to see the antpeople.  there's no such thing as antpeople, d.w.  they seem like ants because we're so high.  there are so antpeople.  there's our aunt bonnie, aunt ruthie, aunt hilary, aunt claudia...  are those zantopods down there.  they look like zantopods from up here, but they're just earthlings.  uh, want to see my collection.  arthur..  shh...   narrator: "the virtues of science." all great scientists have five characteristics in common: they are patient, attentive, nosy, thoughtful, and systematic.  notice the first letter of each of these words.  what does it spell.  all :" narrator: that's right.  "pants," a helpful way to remember what all great scientists possess.  from the top of the leaning tower of pisa, galileo dropped hundreds of lead balls.  : hmm, different sizes, but they land at the same time.  could it be true for all lead balls.  bring up 100 more.  si, signore,as you wish.   narrator: or take scientist gregor mendel, father of modern genetics, who studied thousands of pea plants to learn how traits are passed down.  : so, after 20 years and 7,053 pea plants, it all comes down to this: does plant number 7,054 have smooth or shriveled peas.  uh...  they were smooth...  i mean, shriveled...  no, i mean...  mmm, peas...  that film is over 30 years old, but it's as inspiring as when i first saw it.  i'll give extra credit in four weeks to anyone who can design a project using the five virtues of science.  francine: i'm going to make rock candy, and i need some string and a jar.  why are you going tomakerock candy.  it'll take forever. just buy some.  i want to observe the crystals forming.  it's an extracredit project.  i'm watching pond scum.  it's full of paramecium and other life forms.  watching pond scum.  that would put me to sleep.  me, too.   i'm getting tired just thinking about it.  you know what, brain.  i think these two don't have any pants.  hey, we have plenty of pants.  yeah, we're patient, attentive, and...  oh, look at the monkey.  buster, check it outan ant farm.  "in no time at all, "ants will build an exciting metropolis.  makes science fun." with that, we'd show them who has pants.  yeah, and we wouldn't even have to do a lot of work.  the ants would do it all...   ants:  you must confess...    ants.   make pants...    pants.   the easiest assignment to get extra credit    yes, you said it    an ant farm, an ant farm.    yahoo.   arthur: where are the ants.  maybe they're in there already.  hello, ants.  anyone in there.  "ants must be ordered separately.  allow one week for delivery." that only gives us three weeks for our project.  ahh, relax, ants can lift ten times their weight.  they'll build that farm in no time.   arthur: it's been two weeks and the ants still haven't arrived.  spring is here already.  hey, look what i found in the pocket of my windbreaker this morning.  what is it..  half a ham sandwich. it was my lunch when we won that bowling tournament in september.  it's good luck.  coupons, bills, sweepstakes...  ants.   oh, no you don't. it's stillmytv time.  relax, d.w., we just want to put our ants in the farm.  there are ants in that envelope.  how do they breathe.  i don't know, they just do.  d.w.: are all the ants related.  how do you get the ants in there.  you should get mom.  d.w., would you quit pestering us.  look, you just pour them in.  oop...  "have adult construct funnel out of paper and pour ants through opening very slowly." you are in so much trouble.  i got to go practice my asthmai mean tuba.  mo... please, d.w..  please don't tell momi'll do anything.  anything.  arthur: you're the only one that made it into the farm so you have to do something.  make a tunnel, anything.  d.w.: here, arthur.  wuffles the rabbit, books one through 24.  you'd better start reading to me now.  i want to finish by sunday.  she's cute.  what's her name.  it doesn't have a name.  she looks like a penelope.  an ant looks like every other ant.  no, she doesn't, she's special.  do you wikewuffles the wabbit.  let's find out.  ahem, we're waiting.  francine: not one stupid crystal.  i've checked this jar every hour for over two weeks.  maybe you just don't have pants.  at least i'm doing an extracredit project.  we'll see who laughs when we get our report cards.  buster and i are doing a project.  that's a lot more exciting than that jar.  um, actually, arthur, i've decided to team up with someone else.   what.. why..  because i really need the extra credit and the ant farm doesn't look good.  well, that's where you're wrong.  all the ants are in one place now and they've been doing all sorts of interesting things.  huh.    dad: you should have told us, arthur.  we have to call an exterminator.  what's that.  someone who gets rid of bugs.  you're going to call someone to kill the ants..  but they're penelope's friends and famil arthur, tell them you'll get them all back.  how can i do that.  you'll think of something.  if you do, you don't have to read anymorewuffles.  let me try, dad, please.  you have till the end of the week, that's it.  d.w.: oh, what a lovely day for a picnic.  arthur: i'll say. but i hope we don't have any ants come along to spoil it.  : see any of them.  : no, maybe we just have to give it some time.  ugh, i'm stuffed.  where are they.  i thought ants loved picnic food.  me, too.  this is going to be trickier than i thought.  we have to find out whattheirfavorite food is.  d.w.: no ants in the soup.  nothing on the waffles.  the pickles are clean.  and the chili... hey.  note to self: keep pal outside during experiments.   d.w.: a clay ant, big deal.  how's that going to help us.  it's not just a clay ant, it's a clayqueenant.  all the worker ants bring back food and stuff to the queen.  if she's a queen, you forgot the most important part.  there.  arthur: i'm sorry, penelope.  i've tried everything, but it's just no use.  i guess it's time to let you go.  maybe you'll be adopted by some other ant colony francine: so, you don't think i have any pants.  well, feast your eyes on this.  i've already seen your jar, francine.  no, look, it's a crystal.  i'm positive this time.  i upped the amount of sugar in the water, and it worked.  wow, is all this stuff for your ant farm.  no, it's just some stupid idea, but it was a complete failure.  : no.  arthur: ii'm so sorry.  i'll get some glue.  maybe we can fix it.  you better get some bug spray, too.  this puddle is crawling with ants.  that's it. sugar water.  that's what they like to eat.  thank you, francine, thank you.  i'm glad we saved the antseven though i won't get the extra credit.  are you kidding.  you have plenty of stuff for a report.  you're right. i've been pretty patient and attentive and nosy, thoughtful and systematic, too.  hey, i've got pants.  i wish i could prove i have pants.  arthur: you can, your pants helped me get my pants.  what's the big deal.  everyone wears pants.  eightyearolds care about the weirdest things.  brain: since the pond scum was taking so long to cultivate, we decided to include some molds from buster's collection of old foods.  i believe this ismyxomycetes, or a slime mold.  it used to be ham.  um, very good.  both of you get extra credit.  all right.  see, i told you it was good luck.  kids:and now...  boy: today we went outside to make science observations.  girl: we went outside and did observations all around our school.  boy: some kids found insects.  some kids observed plants.  and we looked at everything we could see, closely.  girl: "observation" means when you look really close.  boy: you draw it and you say what you noticed about it, like a scientist.  ..  boy: a scientist is a person that observes lots of stuff and wants to know about it.  46, 47, 48, 49.  girl: after our scientific observations, we had a scientific meeting.  i chose to draw a dandelion.  woman: could you use a couple words, david, to describe how the top of your dandelion looked.  they kind of looked like a stuffed pillow.  like a stuffed pillow.  girl: david and zack were sharing about dandelions.  zack observed a dandelion, but that looked very different.  it had petals on the tips.  one was yellow and one was kind of fuzzy.  which comes first.  um, i think the yellow comes first because when it's white it has seeds.  girl: we do this so we can learn about what we observe.  and you kind of discover, like a detective.  we got a ladybug.  kids:and now...   "accept gifts from an unlikely source." how come i never get a real fortune, like, "you will get an a on monday's test".  i'll take it.  i save them all.  "you will be going on a long trip someday." it's true.  i did go on a long trip.  mine wasn't even a fortune.  it was just advice.  the advice cookies are the best.  you know what people do to get advice.  they climb high mountains in tibet.  o, wise teacher, what is the meaning of life.   oh, no.  i forgot my tibetanenglish dictionary.  buster: some people buy tons of books.  buster: um, excuse me, i'm looking for a book on how to become a comedian.  woman: sure.  would you likecomedy for dopes, comedy for imbeciles orcomedy for complete and utter dodos.  buster: some people even go to psychiatrists for advice.  med i was chasing a jelly donut.  i tried to grab it but it kept rolling away.  mmhmm.  and how does that make you feel.  hungry.  i never thought of it like that.  okay, i guess i'll keep mine.  um, i already put it in here.  how about this one: "you give things away too easily."    franci what does muffy answer.  "you can't go wrong with an expensive box of french chocolates." that's true.  what a dumb question.  who's "anonymous" anyway.  is he that geeky secondgrader with red hair.  "anonymous" could be anyone, binky.  it's a name people use when they don't want to be found out.  really.  so someone could ask for advice and no one would know it's them.  that's right.  not only do i listen, i'm also discreet.  which of you wants to be my assistant.  why do you need an assistant.  only one person wrote in with a problem, and it was you.  that was to encourage people.  but once the column gets popular, i'm going to need help.  so, who's it going to be.  fine.  i'll just have to find someone else to help me eat these french chocolates.  i never recommend something without trying it myself.  wait up.  i type ten words a minute and i can start right away.   still no questions.  why aren't people writing in.  maybe you should come up with a topic.  you know, like some common problem every kid has.  what if i came up with a topicsome common problem every kid has.  that's what i just said.  i've got itwhat to do about split ends.  they can really ruin the perfect perm.  computer: you have mail.  muffy: "dear muffy, i have a ballet recital coming up, "and i play this oak tree that turns into a pigeon.  "i think it's pretty good and i want my friends to see it.  "but they don't know i do ballet and i'm afraid they'll laugh at me."  "what should i do.  "signed...  aninnymouse." yay, a question.  this is just the beginning, buster.  soon, i'll be as big as hoprah linseed, the queen of daytime talk shows.   do you or do you not want to redecorate your bedroom.  let's get real here.  : i... i do.  i can't hear you.  i do.  i do.   there.  doesn't that feel better.  thank you, dr. bill.  it's so good to get down to the really important stuff, like the power of redecorating.   before we go, let's all remember our wish lists.  i wish for great ratings, more free designer clothes and for you all to keep having problems so i can solve them.  tune in tomorrow, when everyone in the audience gets a free makeover.  audience: muffy. muffy. muffy.  aren't you going to answer that email.  oh, yeah.  you want to give me the cupcake, or wear it.  you have till three to decide.  one.  two.  read today'sstar.  i solved your ballet problem.  bbballet problem.  what are you talking about.  scram.  how did you know it was me.  i recognized your email address.  so, what did you think of my advice.  it stank.  i can't move to baltimore.  but they have great ballet in baltimore.  it's very trendy.  people say it's the next seattle.  binky: well, i'm not moving.  i'm going to invite one friend to the show.  if they like it, i'll invite more the next time.  who told you that.  someone who's much better at giving advice than you.  you know, i think when they write "anonymous," we should keep their identity a secret.  buster, we've got competition.  that's okay.  crosswires are bred to compete.  yeah.  well, baxters are bred to eat.  when do we get more french chocolates.  huh. wait up.  i have a question.  jenna: even thought i'm a championship badminton player, i'm not sure if you pronounce the n or not.  is it "badminton" or "badmitton". )