 e street    open up your eyes, open up your ears    get together and make things better by working together    it's a simple message and it comes from the heart    believe in yourself    for that's the place to start    and i say hey.   hey.   what a wonderful kind of day    if we could learn to work and play    and get along with each other.   hey.   what a wonderful kind of day    hey. what a wonderful kind of day.   hey.  arthur: hey, d.w.  hey.  whoa.    sue ellen: i remember it like it was yesterday.  i was in a good mood that morning, because the day before, i had received a postcard from my friend carlos in cochabamba, bolivia.  and it was a beautiful day.  i remember that, too.  just a beautiful, normal day in early spring.   who would have thought that thisday would change so many people.  april 9.  oh, no, i completely forgoti have to cater a breakfast at arthur's school.  can i go with you in the van.  mom. arthur's crazy dog is staring at me.  it's because you're eating so slowly.  you're teasing him.    muffy: byebye, daddy.  have a great day.    man: hey.     ratburn: class, i have the results of yesterday's vocabulary quiz.  not bad overall.  or should i say "passable," which was a word most of you got wrong.   what's that smell.   hey, i smell smoke.  ratburn: all right, children, remain calm.  form a line at the front of the class.  class, follow me and don't run.   stay in line, sue ellen.    binky: oh.  come along, binky.   man: roger.  we'll send someone around to go in the side door.   is mr. morris going to be okay.  he'll be fine.  he just injured his leg.  he was very lucky.  my dad's in there.  he needs help.  don't worry, my crew is looking for him.  they'll get him out.  can i see him.  stop.  it's not safe to go in there yet.  my journal.     dad.   what's going on.  there was a fire in the school.  i think our classroom was badly damaged.  a fire.  in the school.  it's not fair.  it'll be all right, buster.  i just can't believe the biggest event of the year happened and i slept through the whole thing.  francine: we were in that classroom just yesterday and now it's all burned.  and tomorrow we're going to school at mighty mountain.  have you seen those kids.  they're huge.  i'm just happy my dad got out.  he could have been really hurt.  yep, those flames were spreading pretty fast.  you actually saw the flames.  no way.  what'd they look like.  it was no big deal.  really.  weren't you scared.  nah, it takes more than a little fire to scare me.  come on, binky.  you must have been a little scared.  nope.  buster: wow.  i know i would be, with all that black smoke around and the suffocating heat.  knock it off.  binky: i wasn't afraid.  end of conversation.  what's gotten into him.  he usually just takes the top scoop.   muffy: why is she still upset.  it's just a journal.  you can buy them at any stationery store.  she's had that journal since first grade.  buster: i've kept a cupcake since first grade.  actually, it's just half a cupcake.  i ate half last week.  and you know what.  the icing was still soft.       binky's mom: here, honey.  oatmeal cookies.  i just baked them.  sure.  thanks, mom.  man : fear not, little girl.  your kitten is safe.  cool.bionic bunny.  oh, thank you.  i don't know what i wove done if i had lost fireball.  hmm, fireball... fireball.  where have i heard that name before.  i've got it.  it's the name of the cat of my old archvillain hothead.   what a coincidence.  wait.  that's no coincidence.  yes, my longeared friend.  we meet again.   hothead: is it getting hot in here or is it just you.  binky, i thought you might like some...  bionic bunny: fire.   hey, you can't pick on georgehe's in myclass.  only i can pick on him.  thanks.  muffy: here.  i was going to wrap it, but i couldn't find any paper that matched.  what is it.  a new journal, with acidfree paper and a fauxvelvet cover.  you seemed upset about your old one.  i thought this would cheer you up.  thanks. but i don't want it.  you don't want it.  why. this is much nicer than that ratty thing you had.  that ratty thing i had was filled with personal stuffstuff that can't be replaced.  but thanks for the thought, muffy.  this wasn't cheap, you know.  eight dollars, and it was on sale.  buster: smoke was everywhere.  you could hardly see your own hands.   suddenly, the whole wall burst into flames.  i ran as hard as i could, and then...  arthur: buster.  what do you mean.  you weren't even there.  um... okay, i wasn't there.  but... these are all true accounts told to me by actual witnesses.  no, they aren't.  don't listen to him.  he made it all up.  kids: oh, man.   what did you do that for.  they were really enjoying the story.   because it's not a story.  it really happened.  my dad could have been really hurt in thafire.  oh, i guess i never thought of it that way.  how about i just tell the part where the brave fire fighters chopped through the doors and then they...  do whatever you want, buster.  i don't care.  buster mom...  why aren't i as upset as the other kids about the fire.  well, it might be because you weren't actually there.  but it's okay, buster.  there's no one way you have to feel.  i just wish i felt something.  sometimes it just takes some people a little longer than others to feel upset.  really. can it take days.  i hope i don't get upset tomorrow afternoon.  there's a twohourbionic bunny i want to watch.  i don't know how long it'll take, sweetie, but you might want to tape that special.  there's something i'd like you to do tomorrow.  dad: good night, arthur.  arthur: night, dad.  oh, dad...  where's your next catering job.  at the aquarium next week, for some deepsea fishermen.  the aquarium.  good.  i was worried it might be at another school.  arthur, schools are safe places.  the fire chief said it was just faulty wiring.  i know, but i'm still happy you're not going back into a school.  good night.  and this one's from a moray eel.  eighteen stitches from that vicious cod.  i have a minnow bite.   man: aye, read, any more of them crab cakes about.  coming right up.  dad: aah. help. somebody.  i put 40 on the squid.  hit him in the eye.  go, mammals.  hey, that's my dad.  someone help him.  dad.  sorry, lad, i can't let you go in there.  it's too dangerous.   oh, no.   buster: good morning, mr. morris.  my name is buster baxter, and i'm here to see how you're doing.  are you a doctor.  um, no.  i'm a third grader from lakewood elementary school.  good. the doctors say i got to go easy on the sweets, but that crosswire kid sent me five boxes of these truffles.  take your coat off.  make yourself comfortable.  uh, thanks, but i've got to meet someone.  i just came to drop these off.  they're from my mom.  oh, okay.   tell her thanks.   hey, i have asthma, too.  see.  hey, i like your color choice.  do you also have allergies.  i've got pollen, dander and peanuts, but not chocolate, thank goodness.  here, have as many as you like.  mmm.  i guess i can be a little late.  and mr. morris plays the accordion and speaks portuguese and worked as dog groomer once.  he sounds interesting.   you don't sound too interested.  sorry, buster, i'm just tired.  i had the worst nightmare last night.  did you have pepperoni right before bed.  if i eat pepperoni after 8:00, i dream the penguins are after me.  francine: i don't believe it.  you kids even beat us at thumb wrestling.  come on, best of seven.  you're going to love this one.  see.  i had it personalized.  "property of sue ellen." and it's bound in genuine imitation suede.  but wait, don't thank me yet.  it also comes with this stunning pen.   thank you, muffy.  i feel so much better now.  a test.  well, at least some things never change.    kids: and now...  my name is john, and this is my thirdgrade class, and we're talking all about fire and fire safety.  four fire fighters came: bill...  blanca...  paul...  and jim.  and we're asking them questions about fire.  we're going to put it on a web site.  girl: lots of other kids probably have questions about fires, so that's why we're making a web site.  have you ever rescued a pet from a fire.  jim: in my group the kids were concerned about what happens if their pets are inside.  one fire, there was a little cat outside and it was having trouble breathing and we put some oxygen on it.  we put one of those masks on it.  when y have a fire, the concern is to get yourself out and let us worry about your animals.  boy: if you are in a fire and don't know what to do, you're in danger.  but if you do know what to do, okay, do it and you'll be fine.  before you go out the bedroom door, what do you do.  u feel the door, and if it's hot, you don't open it.  girl: what do you do if your brother calls 911 and there's no fire.  don't call unless there's really a fire.  boy: what would happen if the fire station was on fire.  see, they always come up with questions that stump us.  kids have great questions.  they put us on the spot.  we would put it out just like your house.  we would use hoses and ladders to put the fire out.  you can check out our fire safety questions on thearthurweb site at pbskids.org.  and now...  francine: i just overheardit's a false alarm.  a false alarm..  so i'm still the only e who hasn't seen a fire.  what rotten luck.  buster, that's good luck.  not for whoever pulled the alarm.  someone pulled the fire alarm.  who would do that.  did you see those mighty mountain dweebs run.  what a bunch of scaredycats.  but i was impressed with the fire fighters.  it only took them...  three minutes and 29 seconds to get here.  it's nice to know they're so fast.  what.  you don't think i...   is thisyourknapsack.  it was found beneath the fire alarm.  binky: "what i did was dumb and dangerous.  "it was also mean to all the mighty mountain kids, "who have been really nice to me.  "i'm sorry and i'll never pull the fire alarm when there isn't a fire." haney: i'm glad you understand the seriousness of this offense, binky, but i have to admit i'm still baffled.  why did you do it.  i don't know.  maybe you should talk to the school counselor.  but i said i was sorry.  can't you just punish me now.  normally, you'd be suspended for this, but, because of the circumstances, i have something else in mind.  mr. frensky: bottles and cans go in the blue bags and everything else goes in the green bags.  any change you find is yours. man: frensky.  you missed a spot.  so, which one of you is going to help us pick this stuff up.   fire fighters...  how do you know those guys.  i was a volunteer fire fighter.  really.  so, did you ever actually see a fire.  oh, yeah.  let me tell you, being close to flames is scary.  but you know all about that, right.  no, i don't.  i mean... yeah, i guess i was pretty close, but i wasn't afraid.  okay...  we're supposed to put the cans into the bag, binky, not take them out.  oh.   mr. morris: i'll never forget that day.  i was grooming cookie, a temperamental shih tzu with a shot at gold in the toy category, when all of a sudden it happened.    what in tarnation...  there were 13 perfect circles in that cornfield, every one the exact same size.  i reckon there was only thing that could have made them.  aliens.  yep, either that or a farmer with a tractor that only made right turns.  but i think it was the aliens.  wow...  ready for another cream soda.  okay.   i can get it.  why don't you sit.  no, i have to get used to these crutches.  i'll be on them for quite a while.  i knew a kid with a broken leg. his cast was off in three weeks.  that's because he was young.  but breaking something at my age is pretty serious.  in fact, i don't think this leg is ever going to be the same.   arthur: whoohoo, i got the prize.  you took twice as much cereal than me.  half of that prize should be mine.  arthur, share the prize with your sister.  i can't, it's a sticker.  it's april 16.  oh, no.  the aquarium luncheon is today.  sure, we can share it.  here's your half.  arthur: dad, i don't feel well.   i don't think i can go to school.  hmm...  you're not that hot.  yeah, but my throat is killing me. i can barely talk.  i need some of your chicken soup,now.  i can't do it now, but i will as soon as i get home.  what if you don't come home.  what if something happens to you...  at the aquarium.  nothing's going to happen to me at the aquarium.  why on earth would you think...  oh...  are you worried because of the fire.  when i was your age grandma thora was in a car accident.  she wasn't hurt.  but for weeks afterwards i was worried whenever she set foot in a car.  even when she just went to the store, i was afraid she'd be in another car accident.  while i waited for her to return, i'd shoot balls of paper into the wastebasket, and i told myself that if i made more baskets than i missed, she would come home safely.  it seemed to work.  of course, i was a pretty good shot.  then one day, i forgot to do it.  she was gone three hours.  i didn't shoot once, and what happened.  what.  she came home just fine.  it's my job to worry about you, arthur, not the other way around.  help me carry ese. )