  allow me to show you around.  here's the arcade.   the wobbly room.   good for bouncing.  and here's one of my favoritesthe roller coaster room.  but the best part of all is...  it cleans itself.   mom: arthur. how's that room of yours coming.  i'm working on it, mom.  hey.  oops.  one more day until the happycrazywow day at the park.  they'll teach you how to juggle.  let's go see if they've started setting up.  then we could play soccer.  go get your soccer ball.  sure.  going to the park.  what about your room, arthur.   it's clean.   kind of.  soccer ball... soccer ball.   pal. i was wondering where you were.   aha. okay, i'll be back later, boy.  try to stay out of stuff.   i'll clean it tonight, i promise.  mom. everybody's waiting for me.  well...  be home for dinner.  then you're cleaning your roomno ifs, ands or buts.  no problem.  character on tv: bring the intruder before me.  ah, dr. brandnice of you to drop in.  i'm sorry if the accommodations are less than commodious.  mom: arthur.  you must let me know...  okay, arthur, enough dawdling.  time to pick up your room, remember.  but mom,alien zoo squad has just started.  i'm sorry, but you said you'd clean your room if i let you go to the parkso go.  tv character: i will ask you to show me more respect.  dr. brand: go chase your tail.  i've got it.  now what.  you can't stop talking.  what's happening.  buster: oh, no, it was behind the scratching post.  what was. what is it.  what scratching post.  there are two of them.  two of what. two of what.  oh, cool.     arthur: i see it, i see it.  now, just put the phone by the tv.  dr. brand: i won't fight you, max.  i have something you'll like.  i might be as smart as the brain.  brand: back to the petting zoo with you, kitty cat.  arthur..  ah. i'm drowning.  help me.  toys stay out of the cereal, please.  i'm going to happycrazywow day with buster.  you're not goinganywhere until you clean your room.  but i just told buster i'd meet him.  then tell him you'll meet him later.  you've put this off long enough.   d.w., as soon as you're finished eating work on your room, too.  it's messy, too.  but mom, that'll take forever.  i'll miss happycrazywow day.  dad: i have an idea.  when i was little and my brother and i had chores we had a saying: "many hands make light work." honey, i'm not sure...  hear me out on this.  in other words, the more hands you had the easier the work became.  it does sound kind of cool.  it'll go more than twice as fasttrust me.  so you two can start on arthur's room first.  kids: wait a minute.  i don't think...  dad: everyone calm down.  calm down.  do me a favor and just try it.  you'll be surprised at how well it works.  door creaks open) let's do this quick.  i'm going to be late.  ew.  those are my postcards from buster when he was away.  don't throw those out.  but he's back now.  .  it's not like he's famous or anything.  hey, don't throw that away.  it's an empty bag of cookies, arthur.  who keeps empty cookie bags.  it's muffy's cookies.  it has my picture on it.  who would buy something with your picture.  hey. where did you get my light bulb costume.  and my moon boots.  over there.  d.w., you're supposed to be putting stuff away not taking it out.  can i at least throw this dirty popsicle stick out.  no, it's part of my collection.  you don't have a popsicle stick collection.  not yet, but what if i decide to start one.  : d.w..  here, just straighten that stuff.  i'll do the floor.  boy. look at all this homework.  you must love to do homework.  ooh. look what i found.  stop looking like thatyou can't read.  i don't have to read to know what this is.  it's a note from francine.  iknewit.   arthur has a girlfriend    arthur has a girlfriend.   "dear arthur...  i love you." it says, "arthur, don't forget to bring "your baseball mitt to school on monday.  francine." arthur and francine.  arthur loves francine.  i'll do this stuffyou... go get everything out from the under the bed.  if you don't love her then why is your face red.  that justproves you love her.  mom.   i'lltake care of it.  look, arthur, it's very simplethe less time you spend fighting with d.w.  the faster you'll get to the park.  but she keeps bothering me.  whome.  if you both work as fast as you can, and talk less you'll be done in no time.  i will if she will.  there. now, why not see how fast you can go.      : whoo.  we did it.  i just hope i didn't miss happycrazywow day.  but we're not done yet, arthur.   d.w.: you still have to do my room.  ah. what are you doing.  we have to hurry.  mr. hippo can't sit next to ms. monkeyhead.  he'll squish her.  they have to go in a certain order.  it's okay, i'm here.  d.w., we can't spend all day arranging your stuffed animals.  they have to be just right or they're not happy.   arthur, that's my button and stone collection.  don't tell methe buttons will be sad, right.  i spent all week arranging them.  you're ruining everything.  go do something else.   i think your clothes have really, really shrunk.  they're for my dollhouse.  they go on special hangers.  here's one.  what..  forget it.  i'm supposed to be helping you clean not playing dolls.  they're put away.  mom.  the important thing is to try to work together.  that's the only way this will work.  but she won't let me put things away.  can i say something.  arthur, d.w. helped you cleanyourroom so now it's up to you to return the favor.  i have something to say.  but i'm missing happycrazy... whateveritis day.  if you'd cleaned your room when you were supposed to, arthu you wouldn't have this problem.  d.w.: i have something to say.  what is it, d.w..  is it okay if i just clean my room myself.  what.  could i just clean by myself, please.  please.  i don't want arthur touching my things.  well, i think...  yes, d.w., that's a wonderful idea.  yes. thanks, d.w..  woohoo.  d.w., are you sure you don't need any help.  nofirst of all, you have cooties.  second of all, i think you'd be sad if you didn't go to the park.  and third of all, you have cooties.  thanks.  yahoo.  whee.  yeah.   whoa.  yay, arthur. yay, arthur.  once i did it for a long time.  why were you so late, arthur.  you almost missed it.  it was all d.w.'s fault.  she... well, i guess it's kind of my fault.  i hadn't cleaned my room for a while.  brain: i've done that, too.  one time my mom wouldn't let me do any extra credits projects until i cleaned it up.  why can't i have your mom.  hey, nice of you kids to stick around.  you know"many hands make light work." buster: cool.  it's not what you think.  man: working together will make things go a lot faster.  : so i've heard.  kids: and now...  this is the schoonerernestina.  theernestinawas once a fishing vessel.  now theernestinais a floating classroom.  theernestinahelps teach kids about the sea.  today we're going to use teamwork to work on the schooner.  we're going to swab the decks.  we're going to set some bunks.  woman: this is your room when you're on a boat.  and we're going to make up these bunks.  i think it's called "setting a bunk." you don't have much head room.  so when you wake up and you put your head up you'll bump your head.  you go... kaboom with your head.  we're also going to clean the galley.  we can get the job done faster with teamwork.  ready on the pull.  all: ready on the pull.   i think the kids did a good job today.  kids: and now...  ratburn: now i'd like you all to take down the follow equations : which you will have to solve for tomorrow's homework...   ever have one of those days when it feels like time is passing really slowly.  is it just me.  i mean, only two seconds have gone by but it feels a lot longer, doesn't it.  okay, three seconds.  big whoop.  has this ever happened to you.   am i bored.  no, i know what bored feels like...  that's like when d.w. watches mary moocow.  three fuzzy, cuddly kittiesthree.  let's count them again.  arthur: that reminds me.  there's hockey on channel three.  no. mom, arthur's trying to change the channel when the baby's watching the educational show that's good for her brains.  mary moocow: let's count them one more time.  one, two, three fuzzy, cuddly kitties.  three.  three.  that's boring.  so what is this.  what's happening to me.  ah.  arthur: i thought school was never going to end today.  it felt like time stood still.  what's wrong with me.  maybe it's an alieninfluenced interdimensional distortion of the timespace continuum.  that's the next big thing.  it's so obvious what's wrong.  boys are too thick to know.  what. what is it.  you're in love.  what. i... don't be... that's just wrong, uhuh.  you don't know what you're talking about.  just tell me who it is.  i am not in love.  say the name.  say the name.  get away from me.  ha, got his swing.   binky: psst.  hey, arthur i know what's wrong with you.  you do.  here, have my apple.  my mom says lack of roughage can make you cranky like that.  it's a good source of roughage.  i don't even know what that means.  : and i'm not cranky.  binky: a big bowl of oatmeal is good, too.  keep trying, girls.  i got all day.  it's not just you, arthur.  i've felt it, too.  lately i haven't even wanted to doublecheck my sums.  and i haven't had the energy to shop.  now that i think about it, i haven't felt like eating.   it's like the whole world's messed up.  we have to figure out what's happening.  remember how happy we used to be.  yeah, you know what was greatthat tv special...  hairy mary's scary hairy halloweenarama, boo.  brain: another great show was a blunderbuss thanksgiving.  arthur: and what aboutthe kid who got clothes for christmas.  : that was one of the saddest shows i ever saw.  it was great.  that's what's wrong with us.  we're not sad enough.  no, those were holiday shows but there hasn't been a holiday in a long time.  yeahno preparations, no special store displays no seasonal songs...  no days off from school no assemblies, no decorations...  and it's cold out and the sun goes down early.  it's like being dead, only with homework.  you know what we need.  less homework.  uh, no.  we need to invent a new holiday.  buster : i told my mom your idea.  she says if it's a good one she'll print it in the paper.  that's great.  uh, do you understand this movie.  uhuh.  let's go tell everyone.  why do you want to tell everyone we don't understand.  no, we'll tell them about creating a new holiday.  oh, that's a much better idea.  francine: arthur, that is the greatest idea.  i bet we can think of a perfect holiday.    anybody got one yet.  maybe this isn't going to be as easy as i thought.  let's approach this logically.  what makes a holiday.  celebrating an important past event.  getting presents.  relaxing.  appreciating something.  honoring a great person.  now we have guidelines.  let's think about it put all our ideas together and we'll be done.  this is going to be so terrific.  arthur: grandmadid anything ever happen here.  anything like what, dear.  like a big battle or the biggest thing that ever happened.  when i was a girl, everyone was very excited when thegraf zeppelin flew over the town.  arthur: was there a big battle.  thora: no, it just flew over.  it was very quiet.  hot ziggety.  not that that's not exciting, grandma but i need something cool enough to be a brandnew holiday.  pony day.  i don't think so.  people would love pony day.  just saying it is funpony day, pony day, pony day.   po....ny day.  i haven't found a good event to celebrate yet.  stop thinking.  i've got our holiday.  are you ready.  "givemecandy" day.  "givemecandy" day.  not you, mememe.  "give mebuster baxtercandy" day.  on "givemecandy" day everyone dresses up in costumes and rings my doorbell.  francine: you mean just like halloween.  buster: no, they don't ring every doorbell, just my doorbell.  then they give me candy.  it's a holiday about giving.  arthur: about giving to you.  buster: no, because after i've eaten all i can i share the rest with all the little children.  great, huh.  it would be, only my idea is much better.  a holiday should be about relaxing.  eating candy is relaxing.  picture this: you turn on tv and see our big, holiday special.  :  oh, the weather outside is crummy    and you feel as lively as a mummy    then there's nothing to do or say    it's "there'snothingtodotoday" day.      don't you know when there's nothing to do    you can do anything that you want to    you can go to sleep, run and play    on "there'snothingtodo, nothingtodotoday" day   "nothingtodotoday" day   "nothingtodotoday" day   "nothingtodotoday" day   "nothingtodotoday" day...   i've heard enough.  so let's get it in the paper and make it a holiday.  that's better than "givemecandy" day.  idon't think so.  holidays are about relaxing and having fun, remember.  they're also about something not nothingthat was about nothing.  maybe you didn't get it.   oh, the weather outside is crummy...   stop singing.  no more singing.  igneous rock day.  yeah, a holiday is about something that will last for all time and what lasts longer than a big igneous rock.  uh...  psst, hey, arthur.  about this whole holiday scheme...  it's not a scheme.  it's an attempt to do something worthwhile.  blah, blah, blah, right.  lookwhatever it is a holiday needs one thingfireworks.  as soon as midnight hits we have 24 hours of solid, nonstop fireworks.    arthur: but you can't see fireworks during the day.  binky: so what. with nonstop fireworks we wouldn't be able to hear mr. ratburn.  arthur: couldn't that hurt our ears.  binky: yeah.  think about it, my man.  muffy: arthuri don't care what the holiday is i just want to sell the tshirts.  just sign here to make me the official seller of stuff.  we don't even have a holiday yet and already it's too commercial.  i'm calling a meeting.   if we put all our ideas together we'll have the greatest holiday of all.  what's it about.  taking gifts tv specials, cheap songs parades, fireworks tshirts.  that's not what a holiday's about.  i never heard of a holiday without that stuff.  sure, but that's extra.  isn't it still your birthday even if you don't get presents.  we should use our holiday to honor something or someone who is important.  i think arthur's right even if it means i don't get candy.  let's start working really hard to come up with a great holiday.   and this all started because i thought arthur was in love.  love. oh, no.  it's almost valentine's day.  i haven't bought any valentines yet.  me, neither... i completely forgot.  wait, hold it.  where are you going.  the dry spell is overit's a holiday.  i've got to go buy candy hearts.  arthur.  have you seen the paper.  i sent in my idea about pony day.  mommy wrote it up and they put it in the paper.  hey, i thought it was real cool how you got everybody excited when we were in the dumps.  but i didn't think of a new holiday.  you got a whole year to think of one.  you're right.  herehappy garshmalterer, arthur.  what.  that's my name for it.  there will be fireworks all day and night...  well, we'll need something more than just fireworks.  free soft pretzels.  picture a sky full of fireworks and soft pretzels.  hi, everyone, it's me, buster.  hold onto your hats because i'm heading out of elwood city and into the country.  on my trip with my dad i'm seeing the coolest cowboys, the finest fiddlers and the greatest ranches and farms in the countryside.  yeehah.  i'm sending it all back to my friends in elwood city on my very own video postcards.  they'repostcards from buster.  visit us online at pbskidsgo.org.  you can findarthurbooks and lots of other books, too, at your local library.  the caption center wgbh educational foundation]  what a wonderful kind of day    if we could learn to work and play    and get along with each other    you got to listen to your heart    listen to the beat    listen to the rhythm, the rhythm of the street    it's a simple message and it comes from the heart    believe in yourself    for that's the place to start    and i say hey.    hey. what a wonderful kind of day    if we could learn to work and play    and get alongwith each other    hey. what a wonderfulkind of day.    hey.   funding forarthurwith captioningis provided by...  chuck e. cheese'sproud supporter of pbs kids, who know for safe fun, you need to make this cool move...  ...before you can makethese cool moves.  pbs kids, where a kidcan be a kid.  and by a grant from the united statesdepartment of education through the corporationfor public broadcasting and by contributionsto your pbs station from: kids: )