 english so i'll speak in english.  that's my father, and that's our store behind him.  hello.  welcome.  have a good day.  please, come in.  hi, i'm onder, adil's best friend, but not for long.  onder didn't do his math homework.  he thinks our teacher, mr. yuksel, is going to throw him into the sea of marmara.  and i can't even swim.   pay no attention to her.  she's not supposed to be here.  look, adil's little lambie.   ayse.  okay, i admit itshe's my little sister, but i'm not going to talk about the stuffed lamb.  whenever ayse drives me crazy, there's only one person i really want to talk to.  onder: adil, ask him to ask his friend, "the head," if he knows the answers to numbers 5, 7 and 9.  onder, his friend's name is not "the head."   hey.  any sign of my olive depitter yet.  no.  great.  this tapenade will take me hours to make.  but i did find these letters.  cool stamps.  who are they from.  arthur's real parents.  they're from tatsuya matsumoto.  he was a pen pal from japan i wrote to when i was in the seventh grade.  i remember this one.  tatsuya got lost in kyoto at the obon festival.    i enjoyed corresponding with tatsuya.  can i read them.  uhoh.  i found it.     arthur: mr. ratburn.   do you know how i can get a pen pal.  a pen pal..  yes, of course.  in fact, i just recently earmarked a web spot for teachers that facilitates such things.  now, where is that switch.   arthur: "adil akyuz, eight years old, from turkey." hey, buster, do you know anything about turkey.  sure.  there's honeyglazed turkey and smoked turkey and my favorite, roast turkey.  oh, this is from my very first thanksgiving.  you want to hold it.  no.  i was talking about the country.  oh.  hey, i know a lot about that, too.  that's whereillinois jack and the caravan of horrorstakes place.  illinois jack has this really cool turkish friend in it, named mustafa.  this is where mustafa and illinois get chased through the covered bazaar.  just a little bit longer, buddy.  mustafa: illy, the caliph's iron camel is gaining on us.  and then mustafa saves him from a pit of maneating newts.  mustafa: i will not let you die, illy.   buster: and then...  this is my favorite partthe banquet.  lamb's eyes, illy.  you should write to that turkish kid.  i bet you he's really exciting.  adil: "and then i had a slice of pepperoni pizza with my friend buster at the mall." what's "pepperoni".  i don't know.  what's a "mall".  "that was my day.  "please tell me all about your day and life in turkey.  sincerely, arthur read." and then on weekends, adil works in his father's grocery store, and they sell all sorts of cool things, like spices and... and lamb's eyes.  they sell lamb's eyes in the grocery store.  well, he didn't say that, but that's what they eat in the illinois jack story.  you're leaving out the best part.  he has a little sister, and arthur's going to ask her to get me a mary moo cow cd in turkish.  d.w., they don't have mary moo cow in turkey.  how do you know.  did adil like your letter.  well, he said he liked it, but...  but what.  i don't know.  maybe he was just being polite.  my letter was dull compared to his.  i'm sure that isn't the case, arthur.  yes, it is.  arthur read me part of it and i fell asleep.  that letter was like warm milk.  arthur: "dear adil, thank you for your really interesting letter.  these are some exciting things that happened to me this week." "i got an aminus on a math test and i went to the sugar bowl with..."  "buster and..." can't... stay... awake.   adil's father: adil.  what is wrong.   "and francine told a really funny joke.  what do you get when you cross... a...."    this letter is even putting me to sleep.  oh, well, maybe tomorrow something exciting will happen to me.  buster: and number five is dribbling down the field.  he cuts left.  he cuts right.  the goal is open.  oh, he shoots.  hey, you're not shooting.  oh, sorry, buster.  i was just wondering what i'm going to write to adil.  even less happened today than yesterday.  speak for yourself.  i've eaten 27 cherries.  that's my record.  can i use that.  sure.  hey, didn't adil ask you lots of questions in the last letter.  i already answered them.  "a mall is a big building with lots of stores.  pepperoni is a type of sausage." they sound so boring.  maybe i should just leave them out.  pepperoni's not boring.  oh.  why don't you just ask him more questions about turkey.  it sounds like such an exciting place.  takeillinois jack for inspiration.  arthur: "dear adil.  "what is your school like.  how do you get there." i wonder if he rides a camel to school like illy's friend mustafa.   see you at recess, boy.   wow.  i wish i had a camel.  "does your camel have its own tent or does it sleep in yours." i don't have a camel.  neither do i.  i don't even know anybody who has a camel.  why does he think you have a camel.  "what is your favorite food.  please describe the taste of... lamb's eyes.."  you never told me you ate a lamb's eye.  i haven't, onder.  i don't know where arthur gets these ideas.  what are you going to write back.  i don't know.  anything from....  sorry, arthur.    hi. anything for....   is that an illinois jack comic.  yeah, i borrowed it from buster.   these things are so funny.  funny.  yeah, they get everything wrong, like when illy went to ecuador, he found a golden mayan temple.   the maya were from mexico.  oh, i thought the comic was accurate.  no way.  it's like those american tv shows i watched when i was a young kid in ecuador.  they made me think every american kid went surfing after school and then went home to their skyscrapers and put ketchup on all their food.  yep, you would sure have a weird impression of a place if all you knew of it came from tv and comics.  arthur: so that's why he hasn't written back for three weeks.  because i probably offended him with my questions.  maybe i should just get an american pen pal.  why don't you write back to him and explain what happened.  well, i'm kind of embarrassed.  give it one more shot.  it's not easy making friends in other cultures, but trust me, it's worth it.  wait a minute.  adil has an email address.   adil: "dear adil.  "just wondering if you got my letters.  "p.s. i didn't know you had email.  how do you plug your computer in." "dear arthur.  "i plug my computer into the wall of our apartment.  i don't live in a tent." arthur: "oh, sorry.  "i read this comic and it gave me some weird ideas "about how you lived.  is that why you didn't write back." adil: "yes. i was going to correct you, "but i thought it would take forever.  and then you didn't answer any of my questions." arthur: "that's because my answers sounded boring.  "i mean, a mall is just one really big store with lots of little stores in it." so that's what it is.  "we have lots of those in istanbul.  "the biggest and oldest one is the kapali carsi.  in english, that means 'the covered bazaar.'" really.  hey, i sort of live near a covered bazaar.  are you playing virtual goose.  the answer is d, "do the hokeypokey." d.w., go away.  i'm writing to someone.  hokeypokey.  hokeypokey.  adil: "arthur, are you still there." "sorry, adil.  my pesky little sister just interrupted me."  adil: "ayse is always doing that, "and it's always when i really don't want to be disturbed.  how does she know." arthur: "adil, i think we have a lot more in common than i ever imagined." onder: well.  was he able to reach "the head".  we have to be at school in 20 minutes.  arthur's friend's name is "brain," and no, we can't call him now. it's late at night in elwood city.  oh.  well, what did you two talk about.  he was mad at me.  why.  i found a mary moo cow cd for d.w.   d.w., go to sleep.    kids: and now...  we're doing pen pal letters.  okay, boys and girls, some great newsour pen pal letters have just arrived.  boy: we're writing letters to people in a different town and in a different school.  boy 2: because we get to know them better by asking them questions like what they like and what they don't like and stuff.  boy: so we can make new friends and also get to know new people.  our pen pals are from wayland.  it's a town in another part of the state.  "dear yvette, i am fourfootseven, and i love dogs and hamsters." "dear joanna, i am a girl scout.  are you." "do you like scary movies." "dear jasper. hi.  what did you mean you did not get my letter." girl: i guess it's fun to get to know others by writing.  "dear taylor, "are you allergic to anything.  "i am allergic to feather pillows.  one night, my sister said i was making a odd noise."  my pen pal is seth.  he likes a lot of books.  he likesartemis fowl, and i thought that if i read it, i might like it, too.  at the end of the year, which is coming up soon, we're going to... we're going to meet each other.   grab that string and pull it towards you.   she loves monkeys.  i also like cats.  i love cats.  we're going to go play soccer.  boy: sometimes it's also good to get to know people who are different from you, and learn about how people can be different.  and now...  buster: wow, what a great circus.  how do they get poodles to dance like that.  and that clown on stilts the whole time..  how'd he do it.   well, i should probably be heading home.  why. it's only three o'clock.  hey, is anybody hungry.  i'm starving.  i bet you know what i'm going to have, harry.  come on.  maybe we both should tell him.  buster: there it is.  the "harry mills meatball experience." three meatballs and four strips of bacon, smothered in marinara sauce and melted provolone.  how'd you get a sandwich named after you, harry.  by living alone and not knowing how to cook, i suppose.   buster, honey.  there's something we want to talk to you about.  hey, look. house warsis playing.  it's that new animated movie where the kitchen things battle the cleaning things.  and it's starting in 15 minutes.  come on. we'll eat later.  if we hurry, we can just make it.   you tried.  i guess i'll just tell him tonight.   hey.   bitzi: buster. are you still up.  mmm... comet is coming.   morning, mom.  i think i'll bike to school.  see you. have a great day.  hold on, buster.  it's only 7:30.  sit down and have some breakfast.  um... i'm not hungry.  buster, you're always hungry.  besides, there's something i have to tell you.  buster: don't bother.  i already know what it is.  harry's going away and he's not coming back because he's decided to become a pilot, or a spongediver, or some other job you can't do in elwood city.  no, sweetie, harry isn't going anywhere.  he isn't.  that's great.   here i was, all upset over nothing.  so...   what's the big news.  harry and i are breaking up.  arthur: so why are they breaking up.  i don't know.  i didn't feel like asking.  i'll miss going to grebe games.  harry and i have been following them all season.  announcer: bottom of the ninth, and the score is tied.  if the elwood city greentailed grebes make this out, then we go to extra innings, and they have a shot at breaking a 22game losing streak.  can they do it.  line drive to second.  ebos shmecter has got his glove on it and has a clear throw to first.  throw it, ebos.  get him out.  announcer: nope... looks like ebos just couldn't get a grip on it.  that will cost the grebes the game.   whoohoo.  i got the losing ball.  they still haven't won a game, but harry and i always had a great time going.  can't you go with your mom.  no, she doesn't like baseball.  well, maybe she'll get another boyfriend who does.  a new boyfriend.  you think she's going to get a new boyfriend.  well, i don't knowshe could.  no. she can't.  i mean... it took me a long time to get used to harry.  and what if her new boyfriend is really boring.  bitzi: martin, i was thinking you could spend some time with buster tomorrow, maybe show him where you work.   do i have to.  martin: sit there.  don't touch anything.  what time is it.  six o'clock.  dinnertime.  perfect.  good evening, mrs. abigail adams, i'm marty spivak of neverbetter insurance.  does your homeowner's policy cover mudslides, locusts and killer mold.   coffee's past the copy machine.  i take it black, five sugars.   i hate martin spivak.  who.  buster: never mind, arthur.  i can't let harry break up with my mom.  she has to win him back.  buster, you shouldn't get involved.  besides, how on earth could you change harry's mind.  by going to an expert.  muffy: so let me get this straight: the love of your life has crushed your heart, and now you'll do anything to get her back.  no. i told you.  this is all about my mother.  oh, i understand.  this is your "mother's" problem.  : don't worryyour secret's safe with me.  what secret. there's no secret.  well, i always say, nothing impresses that special someone like a romantic dinner with candles, flowers, the works.  here... you'll find all the ingredients in the february issue of'tween queenmagazine.  a romantic dinner.  but i can't cook.  so. have it catered.  try trattoria molto denaro.  they do a divine penne bolognese.  is it sue ellen.  no.  buster: surprise him with a mysterious invitation." woman: grant, i want you on the philadelphia story.  russell, do the front page.  parker, get photos of the museum's new bug wing.   "you are invited to a romanticdinertonight.  "baxter residence. 7:00 p.m.  big kisses, youknowwho." buster: fill your house with freshcut flowers." hey.  man: ahem.   nice flower.   may i help you.  yes, i'd like an order to go.  two penny baloneys.  my friend said it was divine.  i take it you mean the penne bolognese.  it's our specialty.  with tax, that comes to $41.50.  but i only have seven dollars.  then i strongly recommend... the breadstick.  now, for the final touch... music.  "peter, paul and mary," "peter, paul and mary," "peter, paul and mary"...  aha. this looks good.  "tyrone bellows.  songs in the key of love."  tyrone bellows:  oh, baby    yeah, baby    i will always be here for you...    what's all this.  buster.  harry: well, hello there.   harry, did you do this.  huh. well, no.  didn't you.  why on earth would i.  harry: well, i don't know.  i mean, you sent me an invitation.  what was i to think.  harry, you know i wish things were different, but... i didn't send you an invitation.  you can't blame me for showing up.  look, i even bought a pieboston cream pie, your favorite.  i asked if you wanted to have coffee on wednesday.  how did you hear "dinner" in that.  what's going on.  you're not supposed to be fighting.  you're supposed to be making up.   buster: you're ruining it, mom.  harry won't take you back if all you do is yell at him.  look, it says right here in'tween queenmagazine.  buster, i don't want harry to take me back.  ibroke up withhim.   i think that's my cue to go.  here.  keep the pie.  but... why.  i really like harry.  so do i, honey, but it's very complicated.  you see, we both have very heavy schedules, and...  buster. can't we talk about it.  bitzi: so, it has nothing to do with you, dear.  i'm just too busy for a relationship right now.  do you understand.  no, not really.  but it's okay.   i'll get over it.  good night, mom.  good night, sweetie.  mom.  could you leave the pie.   so. did sue ellen fall for it.  once and for all, it wasn't for sue ellen.  oh.  and the whole thing was a disaster.  here, you can have your magazine back.  the heart is mysterious, buster.  look at me and the backstreet boys.  first i thought i loved nick, then howie, when all along it was a.j. who was meant for me.  who knew.   harry: wow.  you're slower than ebos schmecter.  hi, harry.  what are you doing here.  i was on my way to get a milk shake with your mother, and i thought you might like to join us.  you're getting a milk shake with her.  you mean... it worked.  um, no, we're still broken up.  but we're also still friends, just like you and me.  so... can we still go to grebe games together.  sure.  in fact, i have a little project i was wondering if you could help me with.  buster: go ahead, mom.  well. what do you think.   who would have ever thought that salami, swiss cheese and peanut butter could be so... delicious.  do you think there should be more mayo on it.  oh, no.  there's plenty of mayo on it.  i guess it's an acquired taste.  well, i've acquired it.  you two better hurry.  the game starts in five minutes.  it's okay if we're a little late.  the grebes usually only give up two runs in the first inning.  see you, mom.  can i get this "buster" to go, please.  you might want to knowthe secret formula for drawing arthur.  we'll do two letter o's, hook them together with a littleupsidedown letter u.  then we'll do a largerletter u like this.  we'll do a straight line here.  two dots here.  two lines here.  two dots here.  a curved line for his mouth.  i will add his ears.  and there's arthur.  that's great.  captioned bymedia access group at wgbh visit us online at pbskidsgo.org.  you can findarthurbooks and lots of other books, too, at your local library.   what a wonderful kind of day    if we could learn to work and play    and get along with each other    you got to listen to your heart    listen to the beat    listen to the rhythm, the rhythm of the street    it's a simple message and it comes from the heart    believe in yourself    for that's the place to start    and i say hey.   hey.   what a wonderful kind of day    if we could learn to work and play    and get alongwith each other.   hey.   what a wonderful kind of day   hey.  funding forarthurwith captioningis provided by...  chuck e. cheese'sproud supporter of pbskids, who know kids should act their age, especially when they're having fun.  pbskidswhere a kid can be a kid.  and by contributionsto your pbs station from: every week...  that's me.  martha speaks is proof positive...  do we love llamas, people.  ...there's nothing like a talking dog.  hello.   you guys are really irritating.  does "irritating" mean "fun".  on your mark, go.  martha speakson pbs kids.  wow.    )