 f day .  . if we could learn to work and play .  . and get along with each other. .  hey.  . what a wonderful kind of day .  . hey. what a wonderful kind of day. .  hey.  arthur: hey, d.w.  hey.  whoa.   "my sister is a sissy," by jack prelutsky.  "my sister is a sissy.  she's afraid of dogs and cats."  "a toad can give her tantrums..."  "and she's terrified of rats."  "she screams at things with stingers things that buzz and things that crawl."   "just the shadow of a spider sends my sister up the wall."  "a lizard makes her shiver, and a turtle makes her squirm."  "she positively cringes at the prospect of a worm."  "she's afraid of things with feathers.  she's afraid of things with fur."  "she's scared of almost everything.  how come i'm scared of her."   only two days until the library poetry contest and only fern has signed up.  fern never said she wrote poetry.  fern never says anything.  the judge is famous poet jack prelutsky.  it's not too late.  listen, i'm a poet: "moon, june, spoon, a loon." just thinking of poetry...  oh, it makes me sleepy.   binky, know what's twice as boring as a poem.  what.  two poems.   you couldn't write a poem if you tried.   that's the most she's said.  you tell him, fern.   binky: maybe i couldn't write a poem but neither could they.  francine: i could if i wanted to.  me, toono problem.  i could write a better poem with my brain tied behind my back, arthur.  oh, yeah... i'd like to see that.  i bet none of you could even write a poem.  i could, too.  maybe binky can't, but i can.  there's nothing arthur can do that i can't do.   binky: somebody hold me back, or i'll write a poem right now.  quiet.  i bet that none of you can write a poem and finish it in time for the poetry contest.  i'll bet i can.  arthur: i'll write one even better than binky's.  is anybody else hungry.  anyone who doesn't has to join the poetry club for a year.  bet. or are you a bunch of chickens.  how do you write a poem.  i thoughtyouknew.  i don't want to go to poetry club for a whole year.  just find a good poem and write one like it.  "'the time has come,' the walrus said "'to talk of many things "'of shoes and ships and sealing wax "'of cabbages and kings "'and why the sea "'is boiling hot and whether pigs have wings'".  i can't write like that.  let's find one that makes sense.  what does this mean.  "something better than his dog, a little dearer than his horse." maybe it's a riddle: what's better than his dog a little deer, and then his horse.  a gerbil that can do your homework.  nothing's better than my dog.  skip this guy.  he doesn't like dogs.  buster: whoa.  listen to these titles: "the haunted palace," "the conqueror worm." that must be about a giant worm.  listen.  "it was the dead who groaned within." cool. cool.  i got one that makes sense.  "listen, my children, and you shall hear of the midnight ride of paul revere." all right, we're ready.  how long did you write last night.  i sort of watched tv.  brain has finished his poem.  already.  can i read it.  any comments will help me perfect it.  "i, the brain, will explain what makes rain.  "water droplets are what clouds contain.  "they reach saturation, become precipitation hit the ground and roll right down the drain." i'm done, too.  "my favorite thing to do is shop "for shoes, shirts, coats, rings"you can never have enough jewelry"and games until i drop.  i love to shop." that's not a poem. it's a list.  "shop" rhymes with "drop," duh.  everyone else remember to have your poems done by tomorrow.  "listen, my children, as i tell you about a duck and a chicken on a bus to oklahomoo." ew.  buster, when your poem's done, can you help me.  i'm done, but i'm watching a video.  sorry.  i know a great poem: "roses are red "violets are blue my nose smells, and your feet do, too."  oh, that's so funny.  doesn't that crack you up arthur.  arthur.   why the big rush to school.  i have to stop at fern's house.  fern: say that again.  buster: "once upon a midnight cloudy a big old bat said, 'howdy, howdy.'" buster.  you said you were done.  i didn't want you to think i couldn't do it.  instead of copying other people's poems write about what you like.  who'd care what i like.  who wouldn't.  binky: aha. francine.   i'm done.   i'm done.  man: "today is very boring.  "it's a very boring day.  "there is nothing much to look at.  "there is nothing much to say.  "there's a peacock on my sneakers.  "there's a penguin on my head.  "there's a dormouse on my doorstep.  "i am going back to bed.  "today is very boring.  "it is boring through and through.  "there is absolutely nothing "that i think i want to do.  "i see giants riding rhinos "and an ogre with a sword.  "there's a dragon blowing smoke rings.  i am positively bored."  "today is very boring.  "i can...   "hardly help but yawn.  "there's a flying saucer landing in the middle of my lawn.  "a volcano just erupted less than half a mile away "and i think i felt an earthquake.  it's a very boring day."  thank you, thank you.  let's have our first contestant.  "and the ghosts of all the fallen trees weep for a world that can't live without them." thank you mr. prelutsky.  i have all of your poetry books.  you are obviously a little girl with impeccable taste.  our next poet is francine frensky.   "my dad took me to a hockey game.  "i got hit in the head by a puck.  "i yelled out, 'ow, my head, ow.  "'call an ambulance.  "'ouch, ow, oh, brother, this hurts.  "'put ice on it.  "it's going to swell.' "i got a big old purple lump on my head and used it for show and tell." where's arthur.  "people think i can't write a poem "but they are so wrong.  "i can write a poem.  "i wrote this one.  "i wrote this poem "and i gave it the title 'binky's poem' so shut up." the end.  that's not a poem.  he rhymed "poem" with "poem" four times.  it was great.  yay, binky.  prelutsky: our final poet is buster baxter.  "these are the things that make me nauseous: "gloppy green goop that drips from faucets. "blue hair that grows on slices of bread. "when your big old dog drools in your bed. "when a dirty sock drops on your facep.u..  "when your friend's baby sister starts to spew.  half a worm in the apple you bit..."  "finding a human bone in your jello. "blowing nose slime, green and yellow "and people who eat creamed corn with their mouths open so you can see it." the end.  i probably shouldn't mention the butterscotch pudding for the reception.   arthur: am i too late.  the street was full of elephants.   our final, final poem is "jimmy goes to the city," by arthur read.  "jimmy was a happy ape immy was "until some hunters caught him.  "he liked the jungle better "than the city where they brought him.  "the city was louder, the city was meaner.  "even the dirt in the jungle was cleaner "so jimmy made a daring escape: "the hunters were suddenly minus one ape.  "he climbed the tallest building "because from there he'd see how far away the jungle was "from the middle of the city.  "jimmy jumped into a passing plane "but the pilot didn't wait for him to explain.  "jimmy flew back to the jungle "and told his ape friends in their lair "'the city's okay for a visit but you couldn't make me live there.'" and the winner of the contest is...  i hate contests: youallwin.  nobody has to join the poetry club, because they won the bet.  but this was fun.  yeah. i know more.  you can't keep us from joining.  hey. here's a signup list.  mr. prelutsky could you read us another poem.   come on, please.  one more.  all right.  well, buster's poem put me in mind of one of my own, called "jellyfish stew." "jellyfish stew "i'm loony for you.  i dearly adore you, oh, truly i do..." kids: and now...  arthur wrote a really good poem, so we'll write poems about what we are learning in school.  poems about the ocean.  "the sea is deep, the sea is dark when i turn around, i see a shark." a poem is, like, a group of words that can express feelings.  words that sound nice together.  "whale..." "big, slippery..." "jumping, plunging, floating..." "ocean mammal, fish, fish tank..." "wiggling, splashing, dipping..." "small, orange..." "goldfish." there are many kinds of poems.  some have rhythm.  "dolphins, dolphins live in the sea.  "won't you come out and play with me.  "i saw you once, i saw you twice i want to see you again tonight." sometimes they rhyme.  "un ola, un ola que carga la bola." "sand, sand, it's covering a rubber band." both: "caracol, caracol, oh, no, i said it inespanol." sometimes they have different syllable patterns.  "sometimes i think of swimming in a beach "down near low where the seashells be "pretending that i'm in the sea looking at the fish down in the sea." i wrote a rhythm/rhyme poem.  "ocean, ocean, deep as time "there is something i would like to find.  "it's not all the treasure in the land "it's not all the riches in my hand "it's life you will find under the sea and life on earth, like you and me." and now...  arthur: have you read books you can't stop reading.  when i start a "scareyourpantsoff club" book, i just can't stop.    ratburn: class dismissed.  arthur.  arthur.  hey, arthur...  arthur.   for goodness' sake lights out and go to sleep.  wait, dad, i'm almost done.  i can't stop until i know how it... ends.   aah.  dad: tada. by special request a hearty breakfast of my worldfamous whoopee waffles.  d.w. and mom: whoopee, waffles.  morninggot to run.  oops.  arthur.  whoopee.  i'm impressed, honey.   breakfast first.  ah, okay.  arthur, why are you in such a hurry.  got to get the library's new "scareyourpantsoff club" book.  the libraryon a saturday..  wow. hard to argue with that.  if he's not eating seconds, can i have his.  got to hurry, got to get there first.   oh, no.  guess we should have met earlier.  yeah, like three days ago.  hey, maybe they're all just here to study.  we could read some old ones again.  yeah, likecurse of the mummy's breath.  ooh, that was really scary.  francine: orbones in the attic.  or the scariest one of allzombie substitute teacher.     brain: look.   they're opening.      i'm afraid i have bad news.  you can't check out the new "scareyourpantsoff club" book today after all.  all the club books have been removed until further notice.   shh.  i don't get it.  who would want to get rid of our books.  in local news, a parents' group chased a series of children's books out of the library todayjulie.  julie: pawsp.a.w.s., that's parents against weird storiessay the scary stories are bad for kids.  we couldn't reach e.a. d'poe, the author.  p.a.w.s. is having a rally for concerned parents tomorrow in front of the library.   condition red, arthur.  if we want our pants scared off again we must do something fast.  arthur.  francine: what will we do.  not much we can do.  generally speaking, minors have limited access to legal recourse.  we can't give up.  we never gave up before.  sure, we have.  lots of times.  not when it's important.  remember when you cleaned out my garage so i could seegalaxy avengers.  hey, look at me.  whoa.  aah.  oops.  iremember.  nice going, buster.  iremember.  nice going, buster.  arthur: the point is we made it to the movie.  thenextday.  okay, but what about the time buster needed help with math.  hmm.  maybe arthur is right.  but what can we do.  i knowwe can go on strike.  no more homework till we get our books back.  well, it was worth a try.  brain: we need to quantitatively demonstrate our collective opinion.  huh.  we have to show p.a.w.s.  kids want their books back.  francine: i knowwe should start a petition.  my mom did that to save an old building.  is there time.  they meet tomorrow.  arthur: let's find out.  good morning, elwood city.  step right up.  sign your name to save our books and see the amazing arthur perform feats of derringdo.  are you sure about this.  it's like a commercial.  before we can get them to sign we have to get their attention.   audience: hooray. encore.  buster: sure thingafter you sign on the dotted line.   francine : has taken your books away so i'm asking for your help today.  line up now and sign your name.  that's the point of my jumprope game.  impact on school performance is geometric.  the learning curve has risen.  is it not obvious you should sign.  no, but we'll sign if you stop explaining why we should.  adults: yes, of course, by all means.   ma'am, a parents' group removed our favorite library books.  would you sign a petition.  i see we're both volunteering but it depends on the books.  i wouldn't want to go against your parents.  they're not our parents.  we don't know who they are.  they're our favoritesthe "scareyourpantsoff club" books.  do you read them, uh....  arthurall of them.  i haven't missed a single one.  then thisisserious.  i might speak to this group.  don't give up, arthur.  you and your friends are doing a good thing.  sure, thanks... i think.  hey, wait.  you forgot to sign.  do we have enough names.  i think so.  i hope they'll listen to us.  who wants to go to wonderworld.  i'm having a big party there and you're all invited.  wow. wonderworld.  lick.  my mom forbids it.  too much fat, sugar...  oh, take it away.  buster: hey. hey, muffy.  it's your parents.  kids don't know these books are harmful.  my daughter read one and had nightmares.  we started p.a.w.s. to save other kids.  we're having a rally for parents at the library tomorrow.  your mom and dad started p.a.w.s..  yes, and they say that no one who's working against them is allowed to come to my party.  arthur: what..  but we want our books back.  you just have to decide which means more to you, arthurmy fabulous party or a bunch of silly books.  arthur: i don't want to miss muffy's party but i don't want to lose my favorite books either.  arthur, all i can say is, when you add everything up )