 along with each other.   hey.   what a wonderful kind of day    hey. what a wonderful kind of day.   hey.  arthur: hey, d.w.  hey.  whoa.   buster, would you make up your mind already.  just a second.  okay. a scoop of tattoo goo, a scoop of calamari crunch, a scoop of pretzels n' cream, and a scoop ofdulce de lecithin on a sugar cone withjalapeojimmies.  have you ever tried to bite off more than you can chew.  buster certainly has.  arthur: how on earth will you eat all that.  first i lick from south to north.   mmm, calamari.  next, i lick from east to west.   buster, look out.   ice cream down.  quick, i need the paddles.  : stand back.  i need room.  this has to be a perfect shot.  and... clear.  you really should have been a performing seal.  hey, looks like i picked up some extra nuts.    aah.  arthur: francine.  buster: over here.  sit here.  hi, guys.  how do you feel.  have you been sleeping.  any shortness of breath.  is your tongue coated.  buster, i'm fine.  what's up.  we want you to be ready for the bowling tournament saturday.  relax.  i've been bowling with my dad since i could walk.  we're going to roll right over them.  it will be nice to beat mighty mountain for a change.  i'll say.  remember when you two were fighting and mighty mountain creamed us at soccer.   brain: as i recall, we won that game.  oh, yeah.  well, what about that time it was friday the 13th and you were really superstitious.  mighty mountain clobbered us at softball.   we won that game, too.  oh, yeah.  but what about the jai alai tournament.   but that won't happen this time because we have the best bowler in elwood city.  did someone say "bowling".  can i play.  those twotoned shoes are so fabulously retrochic.  sorry, muffy, the tournament rules state that a team can only have four players.  oh.  and i was going to get daddy to have some really cool bowling shirts made.  um...  maybe you could be our, um...  bowling fashion consultant.  goody.  but we'll have to do something about your hair.  francine: it all comes down to this.  frensky has to bowl a strike.  the crowd is breathless...  francine, what did i tell you about bowling inside the house.  i'm psyching up for the big tournament saturday.  you can't go.  it's your cousin seth's bar mitzvah.  what..  but i can't miss the tournament for some bar mitzvah.  it's an important family event.  besides, it'll be fun.  there'll be food and dancing, and you'll get to see all your cousins.  but, mom.  the whole school's counting on me.  please.  nobody will notice i'm not there.  you've got to let me go.  what do you mean you can't bowl on saturday.  buster: she's sick, i knew it.  her tongue was furry.  no, buster, it's my cousin's bar mitzvah.  muffy: what's a bar mitzvah.  brain: it's the jewish celebration of adulthood.  for males it's a bar mitzvah. for females, a bat mitzvah.  francine: whatever.  all i know is, you turn 13, you go to temple, recite prayers and people call you an adult.  then there's a boring party with presents.  it's more than that.  to understand, you must go back to the beginning of the jewish people, when abraham and sarah begat isaac, who begat jacob, who begat joseph...  the point is, without francine, we'll get creamed again.  guys, i'm sorry, but what am i supposed to do.  i can't be in two places at the same time.  maybe you can.  brain: according to my calculations, itispossible to attend your cousin's bar mitzvah and bowl for lakewood, but it will need precise timing.  brain: step one: wear your party dress over your bowling shirt and pants.  step two: seth becomes an adult no later than 12:30 p.m.  step three: drink one glass of punch at the party, then at precisely 12:52 p.m. sneak out the back door.  step four:..  francine: wait. how does my bike get there.  brain: on his way to the bowling alley, arthur will leave it for you.  francine: bring my bowling shoes.  arthur: wait. how do i get to the tournament.  brain: the fashion consultant will pick you up.  now, where was i.  buster: you're just at the part where twin jets come out the back of francine's bike...  kids: buster.  step five: you beat mighty mountain for us.   final step: return to the party before anyone notices.  so, what do you think.  i like it.  francine's mom: hurry up, francine.  we'll be late.  almost ready.   come on, let's go.    i didn't know seth could speak hebrew.  he can't really.  but he studied this passage for a year to be ready for today.  wow.  come on, dad.  we got to get to the party.  what's the rush.  i'm... starving.  yeah, starving.   this is so cool.  let's groove, franky.  come and dance.  um, maybe later.  right now i have to go to, uh...  to the bathroom.   arthur.  come on. come on.   where are my bowling shoes.  oops.  um... at my house.  hey, at least i remembered your bike.  there's no time to argue.  you're 12 minutes late.  just go rent a pair.  quick, i need a pair of shoessize four.  sorry, all i got is a 10.   i'm coming. i'm coming.  what's this.  you forgot my bowling ball, too.  no, but as the team's fashion consultant, i thought your ball looked shabby.  so i got you a brandnew one.  this... this looks like a toy.  and my fingers don't fit.  well, excuse me.  nobody's perfect.  you think i'm happy with your ridiculous combo.  here, use mine.  just bowl.  brain : still 35 points behind.  it's these shoes.  my feet keep slipping out of them.  maybe we can tape them to your feet.  i'll find some tape.  i've got some time.  time.  oh no, i'm late.  i've got to go.  someone bowl for me.  i'll be back.  francine's mom: francine, where were you.  i told your waiter to hold your food.  i went to get some fresh air.  i was feeling kind of queasy.  hmm, you are a little clammy.  so, did i miss the overcooked peas and underdone chicken.  whoa. we're having roast beef.  this looks delicious.  francine, if you have an upset stomach, you shouldn't eat meat.  could you bring a bowl of some plain broth.  oh.  francine: okay...  i'm here.  what'sshedoing.  arthur: she's taking your turn.  you were late.  she'll lose the tournament.  that's the worst bowling stance i've ever seen.  actually, she's been getting the hang of it.  here's the tape for your shoes.   francine: oh.  this is taking forever.  let me take over.  francine, the rules say she has to finish her frame.  why not go back to the party and return for the final round.  francine: oh no.  did i miss the horah.  nope, you're just in time.   what happened to your dress.  oh, um, a waiter spilled roast beef on me.  what a klutz.  do i get to go in the chair, too.  i'm feeling much better.  sure, after seth and his parents get their ride.  okay, franky, your turn.  shouldn't catherine go first.  she's older.  besides, i need to clean my dress.  there.  mighty mountain, look out.  brain: i don't believe it.  she got a seventen split.  yes.   you... you mean it's over.  i chipped a nail.  boys : muffy. muffy. muffy.  so, where were you this time.  uh... at the punch bowl.  you know, i thought it was your nose that grew when you told lies, but apparently it's your bowling shoes.   later i have to mop the kitchen floor, then wash out nemo's litter box.  i guess your parents were upset you missed part of the bar mitzvah.  yeah, but so am i.  i missed a really great party for that stupid bowling tournament.  brain: francine, there'll be another party.  whose.  yours.  if you start preparing now, you'll be ready for your bat mitzvah in five years, 93 days and 270 minutes and 48 seconds, 47 seconds, 46 seconds, 45 sec...  kids: and now...  i wake up at 7:20.  and at 7:30 i eat breakfast.  when school starts i go to band.  and at 9:45 i have to change into my insect costume.  and then i have a snack after school since i'm hungry.  i practice my violin in an hour.  and then i play with my turtles at 6:30.  and at 9:00 i go to bed.  i'm aliya and this is my fourthgrade class.  today we're making timelines.  we're making timelines of our busiest day.  thursday's my busiest day.  after school i go to 4h at 2:35.  at 3:45 i leave for dance.  i guess i'm really a busy kid.  i have to manage my time, because if i don't i'll be late for some things that i like to do.  i never knew i could do so much in so little time.  girl: sometimes we have to choose what to do with your time.  aliya: i was debating whether to go to soccer or dinner with my grandparents.  since i have two soccer practices a week, i could miss at least one.  so we went for chinese food with my grdparents.  and then i practice my trumpet.  sometimes i wish i didn't have to stick to a timeline.  i would just rather keep playing my trumpet all day.   time, time, runs away from me    time, time, something i can see    24 hours to sleep and play    the second to the minute to the hour, let's go play    whoowhoo...    whoowhoo.   and now...  man:  who is candy canes and mary janes.     that miss muffy    fresh baguettes and big barrettes    thamiss mfy    she's dainty lace on a dress    she's frilly, funny, fancy finesse.    who is valentines and hair that shines.     that miss muffy    silver skates and candied dates    that miss muffy    she's peachy icing on a bundt cake    oh, we love her so, see her now    look out world, holy cow    hold on tight if you thought you were so sweet    because miss muffy...    that miss muffy's got you beat.    i figured out what happiness is.  yeah. what is it.  happiness is pizza on a friday, right before a threeday weekend.  you can say that again.  three days of doing whatever we like.  and when sunday comes, it feels like saturday.  easy for you to say.  d.w.'s got me down for six games of tower of cows, four games of box of rocks, and a tournament championship of virtual goose.  my dad has a meeting in crown city and he's taking me.  crown city.  the glamorous and gleaming metropolis crown city.  yup, that's the one.   crown city, you're dynamite    you're peaches and cream...    try your luck there, kid    crown city    crown city    one heck of a diamond by the sea.    the best part is we're going to stay with carla, my old sitter.  she's so cool.  crown city's great.  my dad goes there for a sanitation engineers' convention.  my mom took us to the museum of science there.  i was in a pieeating contest there.  and you, muffy.  uh, sure.  don't be silly.  i've been to europe and to the caribbean and to crown city lots of times.    you know, as i clean these paintbrushes i can't help but think of life in crown city.  yeah. how's that.  well, i imagine there must be tons of galleries there.  you imagine.  i thought you said you'd been there before.  well, i have, just not recently.  yes, it's been so long, it just feels like i've never been.  oh, i would just love to return to my beautiful crown city by the sea.  my dad did say i could bring a friend.  fantastic.  oh, we'll have such fun.  there's the stores and the restaurants, horsedrawn carriages, room service and valet parking...  yes, but...  ginger ale with maraschino cherries.  it's not going to be like that.  you did tell her this is only a threeday trip, right.  i thought so.  as you can see, i've made a fabulous list for the trip.  first a fancy dinner, and then a shopping spree, then on to a tasteful cultural eventan art exhibit, or the opera.  muffy:  crown city, one heck of a diamond by the sea.    crown city, you're dynamite    you're peaches...   sue ellen: hey, muffy, look.  we're heading into the city now.  muffy: ooh, so highclass.  does carla live in a penthouse.  not exactly.  was that woman by the fire hydrant selling soap.  woman: yes, she was.  she makes a wonderful ginger, oatmeal and seaweed bar that's great for exfoliating.  only chamomile and verbena touchmyskin.  you must be miffy.  it's muffy...  it's so good to see you.  are you hungry.  shall we go to dinner.  i hear the international fusion cuisine in crown city is magnificent.  perhaps we should...  dad: how about that cool little ethiopian place by the firehouse.  what's it called.  addis ababa.  let's go.  are you sure they don't have silverware here.  nopejust these.  isn't it fun.  but where are the different waiters.  there's supposed to be one to sweep up the crumbs, one to unfold the napkins, one to...  sorry the dinner was a letdown, muffy.  well, tonight may have been a flop, but tomorrow's going to be glorious.  i don't believe it.  i think that's muffy crosswire.  themuffy crosswire.  she's just so sophisticated.  woman 2: ravishing.  man: i'm sorry, miss, but your credit card company said...   you must spend more.  don't worry.  you'll love the shopping we're going to do tomorrow.  this wasn't what i...  this wasn't what i had in... whoa.  this wasn't what i had in mind.  where are the jewelry cases.  and the ladies spraying parisian perfume.  i promise we'll stop at a boutique or two as soon as i find a good, ripe turban squash.  muffy: what do you mean, nothing costs more than a dollar.  plastic earrings.  plastic may be all right for the cap on a bottle of diet soda, but on my ears.  honestly.  sue ellen: muffy.  i found squeezable glitter paints for decorating jeans and shirts.  carla: oh, muffy.  now, thisthis is you.  it's very chic.  cow is not my color.  and fake fur is way pass.   well, suit yourself.  sue ellen: one footlong with sauerkraut, hold the relish.  are we dabbling in high culture tonight.  a thick cheesesteak, double peppers, burn the onions.  maybe the ballet, or the opera.  oh there's all sorts of art at rene's rene's.  ooh, it sounds french.  quick, muffywhat do you want.  uh,poulet au beurre noir.  uh, hold thebeurre noir.  an evening at rene's.  i imagine rene's is where anyone who's anyone goes.   yes, it captures my angst.  but this one's my favorite.  it's an andy warthog.  so glad you like it, m.  i do.  i really, really do.  no offense, keith.  what do you think of my latest piece.  intriguing.  what do you call it.  "broken cracker on a plate." girls, are you ready.  rene's awaits.  ...so let's take a riboflavin ride on a chartreuse caboose...  what's going on.  it's a poetry slam.  anyone who wants to gets to make up a poem, and everyone here will listen.  ...a blue you, a voodoo that you do...  these people are weirdos.  and this trip has been the worst of my entire life.  oh, lookthere's a table.   eww, gross. gum.   i can't take it any longer.  look at my dress.  the skirt is ruined.  look at my hair.  the ends are split.  where am i.  no ritz.  no glitz.  no silverware.  big, wet fish fly past my face.  it's all wrong.  crown city, you're not dynamite.  you're not peaches and cream.  i just want to go home.   muffy : it's tragic.  it's wretched.  i am undone.  muffy, your...  no. leave it.  i'll hop.  you do realize if i were not so weak i would absolutely refuse to go down here.   muffy: thisis the subway.  they're not all like this, but this was the first station ever built.  it was completed in 1903.  i had no idea.   they play so well.   what is that smell.  probably oil, and yes, muffy, garbage, too.  no, not that.  that.  carla: crown city's famous for its pretzels.  the ones with the cheese inside are my favorite.  those ballerinas, they're so...  in a hurry, apparently.  the train's leaving.  don't worry, muffy.  there'll be another one.  oh.  "that must be the crown city symphony and orchestra, "moonlight lantern parade may 25." that's today.  i mean tonight.  that's right now.  so it is.  do you think we could....  if we catch the next train we can be there in a flash.  excellent.  oh. and i've got just the right look.  is it me.  both: definitely.  and now, i shall buy the fattest, most doughy pretzel crown city has to offer.  with extra cheese, of course.  won't you join me.  muffy:  crown city, you're dynamite    you're peaches and cream    try your luck there, kid    crown city.   all:  crown city    one heck of a diamond by the sea.   hi, everyone, it's me, buster.  if you love the great food we get to eat in elwood city, you won't believe all the great food i'm trying on my trip with my dad.  mmm... don't you just want to eat some.  i'm tasting everything and i'm sending it all back to my friends in elwood city on my very own video postcards.  they'repostcards from buster.  visit us online at pbskidsgo.org.  you can findarthurbooks and lots of other books, too, at your local library.   what a wonderful kind of day    if we could learn to work and play    and get along with each other    you got to listen to your heart    listen to the beat    listen to the rhythm, the rhythm of the street    it's a simple message and it comes from the heart    believe in yourself  )