 thanks.  is everybody here.  yup.  isn't it great when we do things together as a group.  like when we had that huge snowball fight at the tree house.   take that.  go on, take that.   aah.   oh.   : oh.  francine: or that time we all climbed moose mountain.  muffy: okay, hold it.  don't move.    i saw that.  buster: how about the time we all went river rafting in that giant rubber duck.   oh, no.  a giant rubber duck.  that never happened.  oh, yeah.  that was a dream.  but in it, we all had a great time.  whoa.  here we go again.  wait. wait up.  you left without me.  again.    the trick is to use your thumb.  you get more power that way.  would you shoot already.  the bell's going to ring any second.  aah.  shh.  hey, did you guys see a marble.  francine: arblemoola.  utwoola arblemoola.   what did you say.  sorry, i forgot.  you don't speak oola.  what's oola.  did i miss something in class.  are we going to have a test on it.  oola is our secret language.  catherine taught it to francine, and francine taught it to me.   cool. teach it to us.  i can't. if i taught it to you, then it wouldn't really be a secret language, would it.  eyeboola.   who wants to learn a secret language, anyway.  yeah. especially one with a name like oola.  it sounds like babytalk.  if we had a language, it would be much better.  it would, wouldn't it.   hey, george, i got your homework.  you feeling any better.  a little.  i'll probably be back at school tomorrow or the next day.  sithat tigrea.  huh.  it means, "that's great," in the new language buster and i invented.  i'll tell you the secret code, but you have to promise not to give it to francine or muffy, okay.  take the last letter of a word and put it in front.  if you wind up with two consonants together, put an "i" sound between them.  so, radio becomes "oradi." pretty easy, huh.  yeah, i guess.  um... ankthoo.  oh, wait, that's wrong.  katankoo.  no, that's not right, either.  oh.  i'm trying to say "thank you." that would be "kithan uyo." it would.  don't worry. it's kind of hard at first, but you'll get the hang of it.  see you soon.  kithan uyo.  kithan uyo, kithan uyo.  wiho ear uyo yitoda.  kithan uyo.  george, that's "thank you." buster just said, "how are you today." you didn't understand, did you.  no.  have you been practicing.  yes. for two straight days.  sit oto diharrifo mihi.  :ripoo egeorg.  what. what are you saying.  oh, um, it's nothing.  : i don't think i want to learn your language.  can i join you.  i was getting a headache listening to arthur and buster.  i know. they keep talking in that horrible gibberish.  you should learn oola.  it's just like pig latin, only you...  francine: topsoola.  what are you doing.  i was just about to tell george how to speak...  you almost contaminated oola.  remember oola law.  no one who has learned how to speak arthur and buster's language can be taught our language.  but i didn't learn it.  all i can say is "thank you." sorry, george, but rules are rules.  there's nothing i can do.  muffy: we'll let you off with a warning this time, but be careful.  i think you've all gone crackers.   come on, arthur. over here, arthur.  look out. arthur.    hey, binky, you want to make up a language with me.  a language, huh. okay.  guess what this means.   oh. "i want a breath mint".  close.  it means, "hand over the raisins." hey, you're good at this.  why aren't you in one of their groups.  i find oola very simplistic, and the arthurbuster dialect has too many irregularities.  oh. yeah, that's why i don't like them.  i mean, they're not even real languages.  they're just mixedup letters.  exactly.  you know, i bet we could invent something much more interesting.  okay.  let's each come up with some ideas tonight, and then meet tomorrow at the ice cream shop.  oh, this is harder than i thought.  everything i come up with is too complicated.  hey, i know.  why don't you just replace every word with "wally".  wally, wally, wally.  i have no idea what you just said.  neither do i, but i like the way it sounds.   maybe i'll think of something in the morning.  i'm beat.  why did we have to come all the way to the grammazon jungle.  you know the humidity makes me warp.   there's a secret language that's right for me somewhere in here.  i know it.  whoa. what are those.  how much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood.  peter piper picked a peck...  they're dangerous tonguetwistingtoads.  i read about them in the guidebook.  how much wood would... be careful.   get your slimy tongue off my puppeteer.  she sells seashells by the seashore.  she sells seashells by the seashore...  ooh, that was close.  i'll say.  watch out for that gobbledygook.   wally, i think we've found it.  he has come.  the great george has blessed us with his presence.  all: yay.  the great george.  what about the great wally.  hey, watch the wood, shorty.  i just had a polish.  we are the georginis.  we will teach you our sacred language, and you can bring it back to your people.  okay, but i should warn you.  i'm not so good with languages.  i have dyslexia, and, well, i get words confused sometimes.  our language has no words.  it is a language of gestures and sounds.  behold.  all: ah...  that all means, "we are happy you have come." sorry, wally, i think i'm going to need both hands for this.  hey. no, wait.  what are you...  george: see. there's a separate gesture or sound for every word.  so there's no spelling involved.  watch.  moo...  that means "i like ice cream." it'll never work.  now, i've come up with a language based on math.  each letter is given a number from one to 26.  and then... what do you mean it'll never work.  without an alphabet, you'd have to come up with thousands of sounds and gestures.  yeah, but you could build on top of ones you already have.  this is "i like." but this is "i like a lot." well, it's dangerous.  what if you want to say something while you're riding a bike. so.  how much talking do you do on your bike anyway.  george, it just looks really silly.  fine. i'll just find someone else who wants to learn it.     oops.   oh...  buster: ajenn. rove eher.  muffy and sue ellen: efoola.  ourfoola.  ifoola.  ten, 21, 13, 16.    george: stop....  she just wants the ball.  you know, things were a lot more fun around here when everyone understood each other.  francine: george, we've decided you're right.  but buster and i don't want to learn oola, and francine and muffy won't learn arsterbuthur.  prunella told me you invented your own language.  maybe we could all learn that.  all: ah...  my language really is the best language in the world, because anyone can speak it.  anyone at all.  now no one will ever feel left out... again.  i have a better idea.  why don't we all just go back to the way it was.  oh, here's your marble.  i was wondering where that went.  anybody up for a game.  yeah. let's go.  yeah.  come on, george.  what are you waiting for.  uh, nothing.  let's go.  male interpreter: obviously, i'm deaf and i use sign language.  now, i'm not speaking these words right now.  there's actually a man standing behind the camera speaking the words for me.  he knows sign language, and he's translating my sign language into spoken words.  this is my school.  it's called the learning center for deaf children.  all the students here are deaf.  female interpreter: i would like each of you to come up here and sign your poem.  male interpreter: rusty, lifting, digging.  sometimes fun, sometimes boring.  bravo, bravo.  the way arthur used language for secret communication, in some ways, it's kind of cool.  but then, other kids are going to be left out.  it's kind of like the way i feel when all the kids around me are speaking to me and i don't know what they're saying.  well, colin is one of my best friends.  tom is one of my best friends, too.  this is my sign name.  it's the c hand shape.  it's also the letter c.  and i touch my cheek with that c hand shape to indicate my namecolin. colin.  now i'm at my horseback riding class.  this is my horse, trev.  he's being a really good boy today.  now we're at my house.  this is my videophone.   i'm going to call my friend tom now.  hey, tom, have you finished your homework.  yeah.  oh, well, i haven't started mine yet.  this is my family.  i have a dream that someday the whole world will learn sign language.  and that way, all deaf and hearing people could communicate with each other, and wouldn't that make life a lot easier.  kids: and now...  another day without being bought.  i must say, i am relieved.  how can you say that.  i long for the adventure of a new world.  but what if those who purchase me are uncouth.  i shutter at the thought and would rather stay here.  i just want whatever girl who buys me to really care about my beautiful culture and heritage.  it is my culture and heritage that has the true beauty.  everybody knows that.  there can be more than one culture with beauty.  but none as ancient as mine.  no culture compares to the french.  not this argument again, you two.  besides, we can't control who buys us.  either they will or they won't care about our cultures and histories.  that just adds to the wild adventure.  but...   yay.   i'm so glad you're into world girl dolls, too, sue e.  francine doesn't care about them at all.  i didn't say "dolls," i said "doll." i only have one world girlpema from tibet.  you're going to die when you see what i've done with my closet.  i made it into a true world girl world.  tada.   yingli is from china.  pyramids are egyptian.  you've arranged this all wrong.  world girl isn't about right and wrong.  it's about collecting.  and what collection it is.  this hula skirt doesn't belong on greta.  and what's cleopatra doing in a convertible.  don't you read the world girl books.  i have hundreds of them in these humiditycontrolled cases.  but do you read them.  if you did, you might have some respect for historical accuracy.  sue ellen, are you just jealous because i have so many world girl dolls and you only have puma.  pema. her name's pema.  and how could i be jealous when you don't even know the point of world girl.  collectingthat is the point.  the point is connecting, connecting to cultures.  where's the fun in that.   francine, miss muffy.  muffy: hello.  francine: are you watching tv.  your world girl thing is getting totally out of control.  there's a commercial for a world girl world on tv and...  world girl world.  quick, sue ellen, turn on the tv.  it's ridiculous.  i mean, a whole world devoted to dumb dolls.  announcer: with a world girl world opening near you, you no longer have to shop by catalog for your favorite doll.  imagine a place created just for you and your world girlwhere you can bring all her worldly splendors back to your very own home.  come to the grand opening in elwood city this weekend.  sue ellen and muffy: that was amazing.  you're kidding, right.  that was disgusting.  we're going to opening day, all three of us.  world girl world this weekend.  i can't wait to visit little tibet.  i can get pema's yak weaving loom.  i've saved up $15.  $15. sue ellen, $15 won't even pay for a miniature yak hairbrush.  see what i'm talking about.  it's all a giant ripoff.  no way am i going.  bye.  francine: for the last time, you can count me out.  i don't play with dolls, remember.  world girl isn't about playing.  i know, i know, it's about collecting.  but i'd rather spend my time and money onrealthings.  i'll buy you the world girl of your choice if you come.  no, thanks.  and after the grand opening, we'll have a sleepoveryou, me and sue ellenand we'll do whatever activity you want.  a sleepover.  okay, i'll go.  but only to prove it's a scam to sell useless stuff.  yippee.  i'll go tell sue ellen.  but there's no way i'm buying a doll.  never.   mother: we had to take a second mortgage to come here.  oh, but it's worth it just to see the girls so happy.  did you hear that.  this place has duped even the parents.  hurry. hurry.  lines are forming.  my goal is to complete my collection of every doll and every accessory by the end of the day.  sue ellen: i'm going to find little tibet, you guys.  i got an advance on my allowance so i can buy the yak weaving loom.  an advance on your allowance.  oh, brother.  meet at the model un for lunch, okay.  12:30.  excuse me, ma'am, do you have a ticket.  yep, we're 124.  only 35 people ahead of us.   francine: okay. look at this.  a stick with two small water buckets: $49.99.  who would pay that.  i don't have this yet.  here, bailey.  announcer : greetings, shoppers.  little antarctica is now open.  come meet our new world girl, svinny, and her team of sled dogs.  : so you can spend even more of your money on more things you didn't even know you wanted.  we have to split up.  you take the cart to the mozambique register, while i go to antarctica.  there's going to be a run on svinny dolls, i just know it.  and the second you buy up all the antarctic collection, they'll open up a whole new continent and...  ah, listen, francine.  you're kind of slowing me down.  why don't you take this and go to the sports hall of fame.  maybe you'll like it there.  francine: fine.  i'd like to see what a sham it is.  but don't expect me to spend a cent of this.   babe didrikson zaharias.  announcer: called by many the greatest female athlete of all time, excelled at baseball, basketball, track and field, and especially golf.   she's the most flexible of the sports world girl series.  and, she comes with her own background dossier.  dossier.  all world girl dolls have their own books, but this one also has a history of golf and the introduction of women into the game.  which was all due to babe.  it was.  sure. she was the first to play in the pga.  muffy: we're a little behind schedule, but if we cut across the south pole...  announcer: for those of you who own fifi, the french world girl, a new hair salon has just opened on the rive gauche.  we have to go to france.  right now.   sue ellen: discontinued.  but pema was my favorite doll.  they got rid of the whole country.  now there's no tibet in world girl world.  but why.  it's a buddhist country.  it didn't generate enough accessories.  i could get you a turkish rug loomit's almost the same thing.  : no, thanks.   muffy: francine.  help.  thanks.  what are you wearing.  uh, i'm not sure.  one minute i was in ancient greece, then somehow i wound up in siberia.  why aren't there any benches in this place.  what's this one.  i don't have this one.  that's babe didrikson zaharias, one of the first female professional golfers.  you bought her.  i had to get the book she came with.  and, well, she looks so cute.  i'm so happy for you.   you look terrible.  i just need to get my third wind.  bailey, how many more countries do we have left.  ten, miss muffy.   i'll have to skip lunch.  francine: did you find your yak weaving loom.  pema was discontinued.  in fact, they've done away with little tibet altogether.  i'll never get that loom now.  there's got to be at least one in this place.  on my way to little switzerland, i passed a doll hospital.  they might have some leftover accessories.  that's a great idea. come on.  butbut what about the ten countries i have left.  i'll do as many as i can, miss muffy, and meet you in, say, one hour.  muffy: okay.   : paging dr. bauman, in trauma room one.  this place is kind of creepy.  francine: quick, there's the doctor.  let's see if he has any looms.  what is this place.  muffy: it doesn't look like any country on the information map.  : look.  muffy: ere must be thousands of dolls.  and they're all different.  "ludmila, the estonian girl".  where's estonia.  i've never even heard of it.  sue ellen: guys.  look at this.  they make them so quickly.  one right after another.  muffy: how will i keep up.  i'll... i'll need more closet space.  closet space.  you'll need a whole new house.  it's too much.  oh, it's just too much.  i can't take it anymore.  come on, let's get out of here.  the loom's not that important.  sue ellen: i don't believe it.  you're really going to give away half your collection to charity.  yep. i'm only keeping the ones i really, really like.  i don't even remember buying this one.  that's pema.  and, look, she's holding the yak weaving loom.  it's yours.  wait, this loom is green.  hers is supposed to be brown.  are you sure this belongs with pema.  i've never touched that doll.  that's exactly how she was when she came out of the box.  see what color it is in the book that me with her.  they're loaded with information.  yeah, look.  it's brown here.  they made a mistake.  all this time, i've been searching for an accessory that wasn't even accurate.  so, let's make it accurate.  tada.  one perfect tibetan loom...  and it didn't cost me a cent.  check out babe's new putting green.  that's amazing, francine.  you know, i've been thinking.  we could charge a fortune for these accessories.  in fact, we could even make the dolls ourselves.  we'll call them universe girls.  there's only one thing to do when muffy gets an idea like thatpillow fight.  sue ellen: take that.  muffy: don't mess my hair.  hi, i'm marc brown.  i get a lot of letters from you kids asking me what i do when i'm not writing and illustrating the arthur books.  well, come on, i'll show you.  the first thing i do every morning is make my bed, and then i go for a walk, and after that i come home and make my favorite breakfast: oatmeal and bananas.  and sometimes i doodle.  it sort of reminds me of prunella.  captioned by media access groupt visit us online at...  you can findarthurbooks and lots of other books, too, at your local library.  wgbh ac.wgbh.org  ...and everybody that you meet    has an original point of view    and i say hey.   hey.   what a wonderful kind of day    if we could learn to work and play    and get along with each other.   hey.   what a wonderful kindof day.   hey.   what a wonderfulkind of day.   hey.  funding forarthur is provivided by...  chuck e. cheese'sproud supporter of pbskids, who know kids should act their age, especially when they're having fun.  pbskidswhere a kid can be a kid.  and by contributionsto your pbs station from: every week...  that's me.  martha speaks is proof positive...  do we love llamas, people.  ...there's nothing like a talking dog.  hello.   you guys are really irritating.  does "irritating" mean "fun".  on your mark, go.  martha speakson pbs kids.  wow.    )