 flight 1213, you're clear.  well, that was easy.  i hope this doesn't go on my permanent record.  hey, you know, the last time i was in a cargo hatch, i was bound, gagged, and forced into training for the french foreign legion.   shh. do you hear that.   quick, hide.  man: hello. is someone in here.  i know somebody's here. i heard voices.  are you a stowaway.  no stowaways here. just a lamp and a fan.  ow.  hey, child.   what was that.  you know, you're so dumb, i bet you couldn't even pass a blood test.   and i bet his breath smells so bad, peoples on the phone hang up.   yeah, vince. it's all clear down here.  just a bunch of the animals being stupid.  yeah, well, your mama's so dumb she tried to put m&ms in alphabetical order.  phbbt.  ha ha ha.  ok, you can come out now. the coast is clear.   thanks for distracting the guard.  come on, little neighbor kid.  let's go hide again before that guy comes back.  so, what are you guys doing for christmas.  christmas. ha.  why would a bunch of circus animals want to celebrate christmas.  hey, circus stuff.  christmas is a time to celebrate the birth of baby jesus. a time for selfless generosity and showing others that you care by spending time with them and giving them presents.  one time, amy gave me a knuckle sandwich.  that wasn't really a present, though.  i can't even begin to count how many times i wished to be back in the wideopen air, living off the fat of the land.  hey, check this out.  aah. oh. aah.   today is christmas eve, and i'm about to make your christmas wishes come true.  lucky for you, a buttercup scout always carries her handydandy pocketknife.  what thecome on. vogue.   if we get caughtparty over here. hey, hey, hey.  aah.   ah   merry christmas.  yeeha.  buhbye. try not to get shot.  at least we have our health.  aw, man. now what am i supposed to do.  time's running out and i got to get these letters to santa.  christmas only happens once a year, and i'm gonna miss it because of a bunch of stupid animals who wanted to live off the fat of the land.  hey, speaking of fat, i'm hungry.  i could go for some tacos right now.  cool beans.  huh. did you say something about beans.  1 adam 12.  roscoe p. coltrane, do you copy.  so are you cooking beans inside there.  ow. bean hog.  b.j. kid convoy, this is little miss thang.  do you copy.  woman on radio: breaker 17 for little miss thang.  this is godzilla.  read you loud and clear.  hello.  according to your homing device, i'm about a mile from your 20.  hey, godzilla.  isn't it about time a fieryvoiced vixen like you had her way with tokyo johnny.  grrrr.  godzilla: i'm thinking you need a lift.  oh, yeah.  can't wait to get an eyeball full of you.  is all that really necessary.  can't stand the heat, get out of the kitchen.  huh.   hey there. aah.  oh, it's my hair, isn't it.  curse this new hair spray.  aare you sure that's you talking, and you didn't swallow some beautiful babe.  the only other person in here is my niece monique from france, and she barely speaks any english.  bonjour.  comment allezvous.  enchante, chicatita.  want to see my abs.  hey, don't hurt the hair.  so i take it you're one of them slowtowarmup types.  there's a tiny little airport an hour north of here.  you could probably find a pilot to take you where you need to get.  cool beans.  hey, johnny, they've offered to give us a ride to the nearest airport.  i knew i felt the love in that last punch.  we only have 3 seat belts up front, but don't worry.  my girls in the back will keep you company.  other girls.  other girls. feh.  chinese fire drill.  time for the kid to get in the back with the pigs and for me to snuggle into some french cuisine.  merci beaucoup.  good luck on your trip.  thanks for the lift. joyeux noel.  godzilla: and a merry christmas to you, too.  monique:bonsoir.  wait. i didn't get your number.  come on, johnny, we're here.  let's get to getting and find a plane.  call me.  could you fly us to the north pole.  no.  could you fly us to the north pole.  no.  could you fly us to the north pole.  do birds poo on cars.  come again.  let me guess.  you've uncovered a secret governmental plot to create alienhuman hybrids to combat the oncoming alien invasion, and you're going to the north pole to uncover the truth.  close.  nice try, though.  we're going to deliver these letters to santa claus.  well, burn my britches and call me shirley.  i've always wanted to meet santa claus.  slow down there, shirley.  we can't take just anybody to meet santa claus.  i just baked fresh cookies.  you're hired.  are you sure this thing will get us to the north pole.  sure as sunshine, sweetheart.  hey, that was a tongue twister.  sure as sunshine, sweetheart.  sure as sunshine, sweetheart.  sure as sunshine, sweetheart.  hey, johnny, i think we're gonna make it on time.  are you gonna eat all of those.  no.  shirley: yeeha.  not to be nosy, but how long have you been flying.  i just got my license this morning.   johnny: hey, shirley, is that a good thing.  shirley: sure as sunshine, sweetheart.  sure as sunshine, sweetheart.  ..kid, show me santa's address.  it's right here on this cereal box top.  " does that box top have a longitude or a latitude on it.  nope.  just a cute little picture of santa and blitzen.  do you mean to tell me that the address you have is fake.  how was i supposed to know that.  i'm a little girl.  man, now i'll never get my free presents.  what theall: donny osmond.  don't worry. you didn't hurt my smile.  hey, johnny.  how the heck are you.  great, donny.  how the heck are you.  now, johnny, don't you make me come over there and hug you.  ii don't knowtoo late.  you two know each other.  unfortunately.  so what brings you folks to this neck of the woods.  we're looking for sanwait.   let's all sing while we're talking    ok, donny    why are you out here on christmas eve.     johnny forgot to mail his family's letters to santa claus    so we are here to deliver them    i am the pilot of this airplane    and i'm just along for the ride    but now we are lost    because the address we have is fake    fear not, fear not    i have the address you seek   what did you just say.  how did you get santa's address.   i visit santa every year    to offer a helping hand   look, donny, just show us where santa lives, and i won't have to hurt you.   only if you sing while you're talking    say yes    say yes    oh, please, johnny, say yes   maybe.  good enough, because you know what they saymaybe's a baby that just needs to be loved till it says yes.  isn't that the truth.  who's flying the plane.  duh. i am.  donny: maybe we should buckle up.   aah.  aah.  aah.  whee.  oh, no. we're gonna crash into that mountain.  it's a cloaking device.  donny: there it issanta's village.  oh, no.  we're gonna crash into santa's village.  yeah. that's a pickle.  what thelook, everybody.  donny: well, that was fun.  there he is.  santa claus.  hey, santa.  it's me, johnny, remember.  i'm the one that beat you up last year because i thought you were a burglar.  johnny. hold out your hand.  no, i can't say i recall that incident, but from the sound of it, i think that was called for.  merry christmas, mr. claus.  my name'slittle suzy.  you know me.  and leo.  wow. you're good.  ..  i'm a little bit rock and roll.  elvis.  uhuh. it rhymes with shonny.  donnie.  donnie wahlberg from the new kids on the block.  no, sir.  donny osmond of the osmond family.  ok. sounds good to me.  so, johnny, what brings you all the way to the north pole.  i forgot to mail mine and mama's letters to you.  i hope it's not too late.  well, let me see here.  a year's supply of hair gel, a new black tshirt, a brandnew pink cadillac.  oh, johnny, your mama's got a tall order.  wait a second.  that's my mama's list.  oh, it's your mama's handwriting, but it does sound like stuff you would want.  so mama must have asked santa for gifts for me.  besides, i've got your list right here.  whoa. give me that.  but, johnny, we came all the way up here so you could ask santa for your free presents.  yeah, well, things change.  well, johnny, i'm sorry to disappoint you, but i'm afraid i can't fill yours or your ma's ders this year.  all the gifts have been matched to their recipients, and the workshop is closed for the season.  santa, i've got a latebreaking naughty or nice update.  should i pack two more lumps of coal into the sleigh.  yes. thank you, salvador.  johnny, it seems that there are two newly freedup gifts.  uh, santa, if it isn't too much trouble, could you just give both those gifts to my mama.  johnny.  are you sure.  the only wish i have is that you make my mama happy this year.  hey, johnny, while you're at it, could you ask him to help fix our plane so we can get home.  leo, i'm one step ahead of you.  just turn around.  have a safe trip home, and merry christmas.  ho ho ho.  yeah, merry christmas.  so anyways, mama, that's what happened.  i'm sorry that i forgot to mail those letters.  oh, honey, please.  so you're not mad.  nonsense.  the most important thing about christmas is that we're together, honey.  all the presents in the world couldn't replace that.  hey, mama, speaking of gushy stuff, could you make me some chicken pot pie.  all i've eaten today was cookies.  do you hear something.  yeah. that must be my stomach.  it sounds like christmas carolers.   and heaven, and heaven    and nature sing   you're conceited.  what's going on here.  oh, johnny, something cool happened.  leo: yeah, suzy told one person about your selfless act at the north pole.  he told two friends and they told two friends all: and so on and so on.  anyhow, me, along with the citizens of aron city, bravo a merry christmas.  all: and a happy new year.  now, come on, everybody.  wang chung.  my boy looks so happy.  he's a good egg, mrs. bravo.  i only wish he could find that one girl that sees him the way we do.  one can only dream.  you've gotta love her.  hey, mama, did you buy any mistletoe.  captioning made possible byturner entertainment g s pasta, your mouth will groove.       the o's are bouncing and that's no jive    if you get some, give mom a high five     whoa.  campbell's spaghettio's. oh, yeah.  educationd by the national institute w.ncicap.org,  'twas the night before ..  santa'd not yet departed.  his sleigh was tricked out, and his reindeer had farted.   his belly was swollen, his beard was bonewhite.  the elves were wound up on sugar delights.  he checked his list to s who'd been good, and they'll get their reward as good children should.  but there are some who aren't jolly, some who aren't nice, and santa makes sure that they'll pay the price.  'twas a dark night before christmas as children lay sleeping.  'twas the perfect time for some holiday reaping.      bah humbug.     when i play, i wear zigtech.  me, too.  zigtech. now for kids.      last chance for some hamburger on a stick.   pass.   more for me then.   you mortals really did something right when you invented mall food.   i can't believe there are this many people waiting to use the bathroom.  i feel like my bladder's gonna explode.   actually, this is the line to see santa claus. )