 vince: gretch, you're up.  would you be so kind as to watch this for me.  you go, girl.  kick it out of the park.  you're out of there.   where where's galileo.  wasn't my turn to watch him.  but but, yes, it was, and now it's gone.  i looked in miss grotke's class.  i checked the p.e. room.  nothing.  this is a nightmare.  you asked the diggers, you talked to the ashleys, you checked the lost and found.  youdidcheck the lost and found, didn't you.  i guess that was a no.  the lost and found box, menlo.  i need to see it now.  you tell me what you lost, andi'lltell you if it's in the box.   one galileo handheld pc, model g55, serial number 76502.  spiffy piece of tech.  300 meg chip, voiceactivated control, cellular email is it in there.  nope, i just like asking.  i do remember seeing something like that, though.  my memory's a little hazy.  out with it.  okay, just don't hurt me.  menlo sang like an old guy in the shower when nobody's home.  he told me who had galileo greg skeets, who couldn't spell "computer," much less use one.  menlo told me where to find him.  i don't make it a habit to slum in the third street school underworld.  if i wanted galileo back, i had to plunge in.  you'reular degas.  what did you call me.  i seem to have misplaced my handheld computer yea big, matteblack finish, soothing voice.  that tv remote i found by the kickball field.  i traded it for gum.  stupid thing didn't work on my tv.  who did you trade it to.  beat it. i'm busy.  i need to write something nasty about finster before the bell.  how do you spell "meanie".  your writing will have more punch with a varied vocabulary.  i don't know any new words.  i've taken my art as far as i can go.  you tell me who's got my computer, and i'll give you some good words.  like what.  how about "nefarious".  that has a ring to it.  finster is a nefarious degas.  thanks, brainiac.  skeets gave me a single name mundy.  i was about to go even deeper into the school underbelly, to a place i'd heard about but never seen, a place out of a nightmare.  this is all so ugly and wrong.  excuse me, mr. mundy.  i believe you have something that belongs to me.  dang.  i said you have something that i ain't got nothing of nobody's.  but skeets said nothing of nobody's.  dang.  suckers won't stick.  this is highly unethical, but what if i told you how to get those "suckers" to stick to the ceiling.  depends.  what's the catch.  my info for your info.  well, deal, but you got to go first.  see, it's really a function of viscosity, " viscosi who.  a little liquid soap in your mixture, and you'll have this place looking like a bat cave in no time.  you smart kids know some important stuff after all.  what about your end of the bargain.  i traded your thingamajig to kristin kurst for pizza.  you mean, kurst the worst.  skeets and mundy were one thing.  kurst she was a force of nature.  where is she, mundy.  where is kurst the worst.   kurst, i want my galileo computer.  i know mundy gave it to you.  you can't eat a computhingie.  i'm about to enjoy an allicaneat buffet.  but but you heard me blow.  go on, dangle.  maybe i should've just walked away.  maybe i should've gone to the authorities.  maybe i should've done a lot of things, but i didn't.  before i knew what hit me, something inside me snapped.  kurst.  i want my galileo, and i want it now.  oh, you do, do you.  well, that's too bad, 'cause i handed it over toseorpudding.  i got kurst a couple times, then she blindsided me with a bowl of tapioca.  when i came to my senses, she was gone.  by the time i was done wiping pudding out of my hair, finster was all over me like a pig on sorbet.  but how did finster finger you.  it wasn't so tough, girlie.  gretchen left a trail of clues a mile wide.  "nefarious" happens to be the word she won last year's spelling bee with.  the viscosity of liquid soap was the subject of her blue ribbon science fair project, and finally here's a tissue, for pete's sake.  you missed a spot of tapioca on your glasses.  oh, you're smart, grundler, but it's all book and no street.  ha ha ha ha.  you could say i got what's coming to me.  you're going to take the fall for those other kids. why.  i didn't stop them.  that makes me as guilty as if i'd held the chalk, paper wads, and pudding myself.  grundler, you're all right. here.  galileo.youhad it.  i traded kurst a slice of pimento loaf for it.  ii don't know what to say.  hello, gretchen.  you've got stacks of email.  and who tried to take a bite out of me.  gee, sue bob. thanks.   yes, sir. i see.  okay, grundler.  he'll see you now.  wish me luck.  well, well, miss grundler, you're the last person i expected to go rotten, but facts speak for themselves.  i'm afraid i must lower the boom on you.  i understand.  you will clean up every mess you made, you can look forward to no recess, and thirdly this infernal cracker box will be the death of me.  problem, sir.  my computer keeps beeping, telling me i've got email, and i can't figure out how to read it.  may i suggest tapping the escape key.  how did you know that.  little thing i picked up.  any idea how to print the long way across paper.  landscape versus portraits.  it's quite simple, really.  let me show you.  and how about getting on the net and using my cdrom, and what's this about saving.  it was a crazy end to a crazy story.  principal prickly got so interested in his computer, he forgot all about taking away my recess, though i did have to clean up the messes.  still, i got galileo back, i survived my sordid journey through the underworld, and i'm never going back there again.  prickly: do you know how to program a vcr.  leo:" amy: brought to you bydisney pixar's "toy story" " special editionson bluray and dvd.  hey, howdy, hey. giddy up.   "toy story and "toy story 2"    special editions, the first time on the blu    woody, buzz, and the boys back to make some noise    and you know what they say    toys will be toys, "toy story"    the one that started it all    yo, party at andy's   we're havin' a ball    woody's number one, he's the king, he's the ace    until his world gets rocked by a man from space      lightyear, right here    lassos can't compete with star command's tight gear    rivals at first, but then they form a bond    now they've got each other's back   to infinity and beyond.  amy:"  back on the scene, pristine, the whole team    yo, mint in the box    yeah, you know what i mean   you know what i mean    sound the alarm  red alert.   danger   bag to buy a bird    doesn't get much stranger    assemble the squadron, we're going to war    chicken man's getting plucked when we kick in the door   it's the chicken man.   we got bullseye, jessie, and stinky pete    i think i smell 'em from here    i think you're smelling your feet    whoa, back off, sis, you better watch your mouth    you don't want to make me have to take my angry eyes out    hey, move over, bro, you're in my light    ok, amy, i don't want to start a disagreement   that doesn't rhyme.    woody: toy, toy.  oohoohoooh.   these bluraysand dvds    come with exclusivesneakpeeks of "toy story 3"    and the blurays are combo packs    that have a dvd copy of the movie in the back    "toy story"    and "toy story 2"   2    special editions, first time on the blu    it's the simple mathematics of a trilogy    part one and part twogets you ready for three    gotta wrap up this wrap up    yeah, it's time to go    see you next time on "leo little's big "   disney pixar's "toy story"and "toy story 2" special editions are available nowon bluray and dvd combo packs.  here comes an easy one.  burn it in here, baby.  it's coming right at me.  make it stop.  make it stop.  you're out.  you mean i hit it.  boy: great catch.  way to go, man.  hey, what's mikey doing out there.  that's the way he always plays right field.  baseball, oh, baseball, why art thou so fun.  be it the peanuts, the hot dog, the bun.  zip up your parkas, boys.  i'm sending this one to siberia.  heads up, mikey.  it's coming your way.  nay, nay, i say.  that is not all.  the fun is in playing and catching the all: mikey.  aah.  got it.  you're out.  congratulations.  so cool.  vince, you caught it.  he sure did.  stoke and poke, that batter's smoke.  you you saved my life.  all i did was catch the ball. no biggie.   he saved my life.  if one earthfriendly electric car saves 235 gallons of fossil fuel every week, then 30 electric cars ..  anyone. anyone.  come on, people.  this is our planet we're talking about.  yes, mikey.  do you have the answer.  no, but if it's all right, i'd like to make an announcement.  well, free expression isn't for another 20 minutes, but okay.  ahem.  i just want to say that vince lasalle saved my life.  heh heh.  yes, well, vince is a fine young man.  now, where were we.   you put your feet out, you hold the bat up, then you bend your knees, wiggle your feet, and swing.  leave it to vince to improve on perfection.  may i have your attention, please.  this is mikey talking.  i just wanted to say that vince lasalle saved my life.  he's the coolest kid in school. that is all.    hey, guys, did i tell you that vince saved my life.  all: yes.  how could anybody be so cool.  was he born that way or what.  an interesting question, mikey the old "nature versus nurture" conundrum.  is vince's coolness innate, or did he learn it.  a guy could learn to be that cool.  well, theoretically.  there he is my hero vince.  i want to ask you a question.  i'd like to stay and chat, but i'm in a hurry were you born cool, or did you pick it up later.  come on, man.  you're embarrassing me.  i'm just a regular guy like you, okay.  guys, zack ditta's frog died, and he's going to cut him open.  well, what are we waiting for.  wow. and he's humble, too.  i want to be just like him.  the chameleon is a lizard animal creature that has the ability to change himself to match his surroundings.  he may be spotted or green or yellow with little red dots one minute, but then the next minute he can turn orange or orangebrown or orangebrown with stripes or orangebrown with no stripes or yellowishpink with spots or yellowgreen or greenyellow or no green at all or back to all green or yellow with red dots or whatever.  boy: ow.  yes, the chameleon is an amazing lizard animal creature.  he is indeed one of nature's greatest oddities.  oof.   hey, that's mybatting stance.  wow. it works.  run, you big lummox.  run.   stoke and poke, that ball is smoke.  huh.  i'm telling you guys, he's doing everything i do.  he's become a total copycat.  he's just trying out a couple of your moves.  imitation is the sincerest form of flattery.  no, it's gone way beyond that.  the guy's stealing my heat.  you're overreacting.  oh, yeah.  well, check this out.   hey, guys, what's up.  hey, did you see the game last night.  overtime.  forget about it.  they never should have traded elwood to cincy.  uhoh.  good shot, mikey.  you're the best, mikey.  it's all in the wrist, my peeps.  okay, vince, you were right.  you got to stop this thing.  reason with him.  talk to the guy.  well, it's worth a try.  boy: good shot, mikey.  all right.  mikey, can i get a word.  sure, man.  so, vince, what's up.  i don't know how to say this, but you've got to stop copying me.  it was flattering at first, but come on.  it sounds like i'm cutting your zone, stealing your moves, leaning too hard " that's it on the nose.  you need a little quality time alone with the vincemeister 'cause when i'm around, you can't be yourself, and it's driving you nuts.  yeah, yeah, that's it.  don't forget it's you, man. it's you.  okay, let's play some ball.  uh, what just happened here.  i don't know, but he owns the top of the key.    mikey, you up for a little game of dodgeball.  you know it.  boy: yay, mikey.  dodgeball.  that used to bemygame.   mikey. mikey. mikey.  it used to be, " hey, mister, get off my swing.  oh, man, what a day.  well, maybe things will look better in the morning.  i mean, they can't look any worse.   a new day.  hey, somebody switched my shoes, and they got them three sizes too big.  and, hey, somebody's been wearing my shirt, and they stretched it all out of shape, and somebody's been using my glove, and they wrote poetry all over it.  hey, mom.  mom, somebody's been dude, pull up a chair and make yourself at home.  aah.  what's eating him.  this can't be happening.  this can't be happening.  this can't be hi, guy.  no.  that's it.  tomorrow morning i'm getting my life back, one way or another.  we need to talk to you about this vince thing.  you guys want to see my new kicking technique.  all you got to do is step, step, and huh.  all: vince.  vince, what are you doing.  eating.  whoa, timeout.  what's going on, man.  where's the jersey.  where's the sneaks.  i'm tossing aside the life of the body in order to pursue the life of the heart.  you can't do that.  you're being like me.  oh, kindred spirit, must there be but one, or aren't we all wieners in this great cosmic bun.  stop that.  say, you ever wondered how they get the white stuff in these things.  mikey: aah.  what's eating him.  mikey, you hiding in the stall again.  go away.  i was just copying you to make a point.  yeah, well, you made it.  you're cool and i'm not.  aw, come on, mikey.  what is cool, anyway.  being able to hit a ball into outer space.  that's something i'm good at.  think of the stuff you're good at.  you write poems better than any kid i know.  they even rhyme, which is a lot harder than i thought.  if mom hadn't made hot dogs last night, i would have never come up with the cosmic bun.  you needed props to rhyme "one" with "bun".  don't rub it in.  look, man, you got your style and i got mine.  what makes a person cool is when they know their style and don't care what anybody else thinks about it.  i kind of miss noticing the beauty all around me.  that's because this is you and that is me.  i know, but it sure was fun while it lasted.  yeah, well, it was pretty fun being you, too.  now let's get to class before miss grotke gives us both tardies.  it's a deal, pal.  actually, this is kind of a relief.  your underwear is a little restricting.  that's more than i needed to know, mikey.  the alfalfa, the chalk dust, the oil in my glove these are the things ..  . spinelli's stealing second .  . spinelli's stealing .  we'll be using your head for the ball.  heads up, mikey.  it's coming your way.  i got it, i got it.  mikey, you you saved my life.  uhoh.  captions paid for by abc cable networks group i'm taking over this rock, see.  .. seaweed, see.  i'm taking over this fishing net, see.  oh, oh, oh.  we got to take something over before crab louie arrives.  he'll want to move in on our territory, but we won't have no territory.  it'll be embarrassing.  we'll take over something, see, or my name isn't the lobster mobster.  aah.  who are you.  this is my crab hole. name's urchin.  why are you here.  ..  see your parents. yeah.  i don't have parents.  you don't have no parents.  i do fine by myself.  you mean you live here alone.   then we're taking over this place, see.  oh, yeah. try. put up your claws.  take it easy, kid.  take it easy.  i was just testing you to see if you had nerve.  yeah, enough nerve to join my mob.  you want to be friends.  in the mob you're more than friends.  you're like brothers.  aw, that's sweet, boss.   did youse ever dream    you'd be part of the team    that would make you somebody      together we'll think up    big plans and big schemes    to make you a big fish    the crab de la cream    in the lobster mobster's mob    you'll have dough    by the gob    you can steal    you can rob    so's you don't need no job    in the lobster mobster's mob    so what if you ends up inside of the slammer.     youse don't have to listen to nobody yammer    you wears dirty socks    and weekold pajamas    and the best part of all    is youse uses bad grammars    uses bad grammars    in the lobster mobster's mob   caviar.  mmm, just a glob.   youse can act like a snob    and yet live like a slob   ..     in the lobster mobster's mob   so i'm in. what'll we do.  .. play a game.  oh, boy.  let's play new guy steals dinner.  steal.  i don't know.  hey, kid, remember.  you're in the mob now.  yeah.  yeah.  one homecooked mealfrom someone else's home coming up.  we still got to take over something before crab louie arrives.  yeah, well, we already did, see.  we took over the kid.  gotcha.  ha ha ha.  hey. ha ha ha.  you're it.  ha. tag. you're it.  pretty sneaky, flounder.  ha ha ha. ha ha ha.  you're going to be late for the neptune ball.  food's laid out. guests are arriving.  you're playing tag around the king's treasure vault.  all right, sebastian.  just one more tag.  you're it.  i am most certainly not it.  and no such foolishness at the neptune ball.   what could that little fellow be up to.  i don't know. ) )