 whoa.  ..  " must tell others.  sheesh.  wonder where teej is.  here he comes now.   guys.  what seems to be the trouble.  fusion's coming.  seorfusion.  the comic book hero.  is this some kind of joke.  no joke. motion picture.  all right.  a"seorfusion" movie.  this is awesome.  my childhood dream has come true.  i can't wait to see it again.  you know, after the first time i see it.  i figure i'll see it 50, maybe 60 times, but the most important time is number one.  that's why i'm going to be first in line at the very first showing of the first ever seorfusion movie.  i'll be first in line.  i'll be first because i'mseorfusion's nmero unofan.  dream on.  i'm number one.  i hate to break it to you gentlemen, but neither of you can be first.  the premire's at 11:00 a.m. friday.  unless i'm mistaken, you'll both be in school.  and miss grotke scheduled a spelling test that morning.  well, you dopes might have a spelling test, but i have this a permission slip to get me out of school.  joy your test.  in 20 minutes, i'm off to scamdinavia for the rest of the week.  i hate that guy.  ere's no way lawson's going to be first, even if i have to ditch school to beat him.  don't even think it, t.j.  ditching fourth grade is very serious.  it could lead to harder stuff like ditching college.  don't do something you'll regret.  sure, you can make a later show.  it's for your own good.  is it, vince.  reaky heart.  what the hang.  you, you're the cause of all this, you and your lousy, stinking, excellent movie.  how's a kid supposed to be your numberone fan when your dumb premire's during school, huh. huh.  answer me that, mr.seorfusion superhero guy.  sorry, young citizen.  i certainly did not mean to cause you or your planet any trouble.   seorfusion.  sorry, kid.  couldn't resist messing with your head.  great gag, mister.  should be good.  spent practically my whole life in show biz.   what am i going to do.  what would you do,seor.  teach a lesson yeah, that's it.  thanks,seorfusion, thanks a lot.  and then it hit me fusion wouldn't cut school, and neither will i.  you're not going to the movie.  sure i am.  you're all coming with me.  how are we going to do that.  hush up a second.  i'll tell you.    er, miss grotke, can we rap.  of course. what is it.  i'd like to propose a field trip this friday to the first showing of"seorfusion " i know you're thinking hollywood blockbuster, where's the academic value in that.  did you know the movie strongly advocates nuclear disarmament.  it does.  seorfusion is rabidly antinuclear.  he got arrested for demonstrating in issue 995.  perhaps a trip to the movie dome could be edifying after all.  bueno.  i'm telling you, coach, what's a better example of peak physical condition thanseorfusion leaping between skyscrapers with a meddling lady bounty hunter hanging onto his patented gadget belt.  i got to admit, lasalle, it sounds good.  excellent representation of the movie dome, gus.  gee, thanks, mr. dunn.  that building is one of our town's true architectural landmarks, mixing elements of the neoclassical with themoderne.  us kids could learn a lot about architecture at the old movie dome with someone like you tagging along.  perhaps i could propose a proposal.  all: fusion. fusion.  fusion. fusion.  what in the world is going on out here.  oh, principal prickly, here.  what's this.  a petition signed by the faculty demanding the right to take our students to the opening of the new"seorfusion" movie.  this is just like the '60s.  sending kids to a premire during school hours.  are you people insane.  the board of education would have my head.  i told them it was a bad idea.  the answer is no.  now all you kids get back to class.  as for you teachers, i'll deal with you later.  wait. don't punish them.  this is all my idea.  i just have to be at that"seorfusion" premire.  well, let me say this about that tough noogies.  i know you want to be there, too.  what are you getting at, boy.  you're aseorfusion fan just like me.  what makes you think i'm a fusion fan.  first, only his fans call him fusion.  second, i've seen "seorfusion" comics hidden under your stack ofgolfing for teachers magazines.  all confiscated from miscreants like you.  and third of all, what about this.  my fanclub card give that back.  enough of this foolishness.  get back to class.  any real fusion fanatic would be at that first show.  that's something fairweather fans don't appreciate.  what was that.  you're nothing but a fairweather fan.  let me tell you something.  i've forgotten more about fusion than you'll ever know.  i happen to be king of the fusion freaks.  is that so.  i'll prove it to you.  10seorfusion trivia questions i get them right, you let us go to the movie.  if you miss one question, then you become my new filing assistant, helping menlo for the rest of the year, and you have to call me principal fusion from now on.  deal.  . t.j.. t.j.. t.j..  quick. to the windows.  so you think you know fusion lore, eh.  ever seen one of these.  aseorelectricity action figure.  didn't know that was his original name, did you.  i've heard things.  i wish i could hear what they're saying in there.  prickly:let's start off with something easy.  question one what object didseorfusion envy in issue 524.  trick question.  fusion would never have the mortal emotion of envy.  his keen interest was mistaken for envy by the evil yet unimaginative wizard of ooze.  they get harder.  all bets have to be down before the question.  hard candy with a chewy center is worth double.  seorfusion crossed over into the super team during its millennium predicament story arc true or false.  he was a member of the super team for two issues.  the lightning boltshaped scar on fusion's shoulder was caused by his costume melting as he flew too near the sun.  his bolero jacket cannot melt.  he never leaves home without a magnet.  twice once when he ran for president and once when he moved to the suburbs.  issue 254 "seorfusion, " my, my, aren't we clever.   , one last question for all the marbles.  bring it on, sir.  what was the name ofseorfusion's one and only sidekick.  i didn't know he had a sidekick.  that's from the golden age, isn't it.  teej doesn't have any comics from the golden age.  that's right, and a golden age it was.  this beauty's older than your parents, detweiler.  is he sunk. are we all.  i'm afraid a perfect score is your only ticket to the movie, and, unfortunately, time is running out.  5, 4, 3, 2 you want the married name or maiden name.  because her maiden name was vivian waxwelter until she was tricked into marrying dr. despicable.  she was vivian despicable until she banished him to ice prison on kron shortly after their wedding and went back to using waxwelter.  fusion called her femme fatale because although she was feminine, oh, was that dame deadly.  that is absolutely wrong.  what. it can't be wrong.  well, it is.  her nickname wasfemme fatale, not femme fatale as you so wrongly stated.  the e's are silent.  i look forward to you helping me out with my filing starting friday.   he lost.  ii need to lie down.  you mean you're claiming victory because i mispronounced some words.  rules are rules.  you lose.  okay, i get it.  i've been tricked beaten on a technicality.  that's so adult.  don't let the door hit you on the way out.  you know, principal prickly, this is the most unfusionlike thing i ever saw a fusion fan do.  the greatseordoesn't stand for tricking guys and winning on technicalities.  that's what the bad guys do.  fusion stands for honesty, truth, and fair play stuff that's important to kids like me and used to be important to you, too.    oh, all right, detweiler.  you win.   here you go, ma'am.  one ticket, please, at the student rate.   hey, what's going on here.  so, thought you'd ditch school, eh, lawson.  i was led to understand you were excused to attend a family reunion.  i was, but my family got sick and they needed popcorn.  you're pulling detention for the remainder of the year.  but but i got to hand it to you, teej, this is one for the history books.  please, miss finster, i can hear the music.  i can hear it.  yeah, yeah, cry me a river, buster.  he's caught in a force field.  only one thing to do now, right, buddy.  you know it, pal.  use the converter gloves.  i know.  i'll use my converter gloves.  tender.  tender.  fork over the lunch money, you little worm.   drop that kid, gelman.  i dropped him, " i picked up a little spending money, but i droppedhim.   that gelman is such a jerk.  always picking on littler kids.  he makes me so mad, i could just just build and deploythis.  all: whoa.  what is it, gus.  it's a caging device.  i've been working on it for quite some time, ever since i met gelman.  i call it the gliminator 6000.  although crude, the device appears to be technically sound.  it may be capable of actually caging someone.  yeah, but who cares.  i'll never have the guts to use it.  hello. what's this.  it's one of those paper fortune tellers.  tender.  someone pick a number from one to eight and let's give her a whirl.  i wouldn't do that if i was you.  why not, butch.  these things are a blast.  a blast.  sure, they can be, if you make them yourself.  but you kids picked that one up off the ground.  you don't know where it's been.  these things aren't for real.  they're just for grins.  that's what stinky peterson thought, too.  sstinky peterson.  it was a day like any other day.  stinky's mom had dragged him to the mall to go shopping.  he was waiting for her outside the bigandtall gal's shop when he saw it floating down from the food court.  curious like any kid, stinky tried the thing out.  what could it hurt, right.  .....  and they never saw stinky peterson again.  aw, come on.  they teach kids how to make these dopey fortune things at happy camp.  i saw we play it.  i tried to warn them, stinky.  good, sweet mike, i tried.  here we go. let's see. 7.  1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7.  "great riches will soon " ooh, scary.  someone else give it a shot.  you guys don't buy that stinky peterson junk, do you.  of course not.  i pick 4.  1, 2, 3, 4.  "you will pass your greatest test " hey, that's not so bad.  i think this thing's a friendly fortune teller.  me next.  no, me next.  i'm next.  logic dictates we go girl, boy, girl, boy until we run out of girls.  " "you will take a trip " my word, that is exciting.  my turn.  oh, great fortune teller, what wonders await me great riches. fame.  adventure, perhaps.  " 1, 2, 3, 4, 5.  "eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow is your final day".  hey.  what kind of fortune .  sounds like the stinky peterson kind.   but this isn't fair.  you guys got good stuff, and i got stinky petersonized.  none of that stuff's gonna come true.  it's hard enough to imagine spinelli getting rich and gretchen taking a trip, passing a test with flying colors.  get real.  congratulations and karma kudos, t.j. detweiler.  i know one smart boy whose aura is going to glow all day.  .  but that can't be right.  i only got100%.  passed his test with flying colors.  it's just as the fortune teller foretold.  you guys gotta admit this is ultraweird.  oh, yeah, it's so amazing.  the paper fortune tellers are batting one for six million.  i mean, come on oh, my gosh.  look what's stuck to my boot.  50 smackers american.  i'm rich. i'm rich. i'm rich.  spinelli found great riches.  just like the fortune teller ..again.  these events are merely coincidences.  in case you haven't noticed, i have no plans for a trip to an exotic gretchen grundler.  yes, sir, principal prickly.  this telegram just arrived for you in my office.  i don't mind telling you i have more than enough paperwork to attend to without playing messenger boy for you kids.  see that it doesn't happen again.  what did you get, gretch.   ..magazine.  i won their annual "name that quark" contest.  i'm going to the galpagos islands for six months of study and comparative thought.  whoohoo.  galpagos. galpagos.  a trip to an exotic land.  the third prediction.  but that means i'm gonna  help.  hey, where's gus.  i thought he wanted to play paratroop patrol on the swings.  he'll be here.  it's one of his favorites.  okay, paratroop patrol.  i'm ready.  huh.  gus, what are you doing.  what's with the getup.  can't be too careful.  swings are the numberthree cause of kid injuries.   oh, boy.   fish medley's your favorite.  dig in, already.  and risk everything.  for all i know, it could have poison or bones or be undercooked.  what i need is a foodtaster.  i can do that.  tastes fine to me, gus.  nothing to worry about.  hey, itcouldhave been dangerous.  and that's how the mosquito carries malaria from victim to victim.  any questions.  i'm wounded.  call 911. call 911.  i'm bleeding to death.  it's just a paper cut, gus.  they don't even make bandaids that small.  i knew i should have worn gloves.  relax, griswold.  that fortune's making you nuts.  your ticket isn't supposed to get punched until tomorrow.  yeah, you're right.  not until tomorrow.   i should calm down.  i've got some stuff to take care of.  i tried to divide my things equally.  here's a list for each of you.  wow. i get your pet snake.  all right.  keep your stuff.  you're not going anywhere.  t.j.'s right.  let's play kickball.   kickball.  it's just a dumb game like life.  you kick the ball and run around the same four bases over and over again until one day bam.  you're stinky peterson.  ..  anyone for dodge ball.  let's go.  yeah.  come on.   look at them running and playing so carefree and me, staring into the abyss.  if only i could get past it.  but how.  didn't make the fortune teller yourself, eh.  thatisbad.  how do i cope with facing the dark abyss.  a kid like you.  hard to say.  the cream of society create great public works parks, libraries, petting zoos works that keep their minds off the dark beyond.  but, alas, you lack the time not to mention the greatness for such achievements.  oh, yeah.  those are the breaks.  got any gum.  if there was only some great thingicould achieve.  hey, cut it out.  you got a lot of nerve making me sweat for your money, shrimp toast.  that's it.  that's how i'll make my mark.  poor gus.  i tossed and turned all night worrying about the little guy.  i've never seen a kid so .  hey, gus.  good morning, schoolmates.  um, is this what i think it is.  that's right.  i've decided to fill my fi hours building and deploying the gliminator 6000.  all i have to do is get gelman to step on that hotwater bottle, the cage comes down, and bam.  please don't feed the gelman.  wow, gus, every kid talks about building their dream trap, but you're the only one i know who's actually done it.   gus, aren't you coming.  no time for class.  i'm playing for history here.  i have a purpose.  class, none of us is perfect.  we all make little mistakes.  what's important is that we correct our mistakes before they snowball.  miss grotke, what are you talking about.  it seems the testing people made an eensy little mistake.  see, your score was 101%.  it was 10.1%.  still, that's better than usual.  wait, if teej messed up on the test, then what about his fortune.  it didn't come true.  so the fortune teller was wrong about teej.  it was right about everything else like my 50 bucks.  hey, that's like one of the 50s daddy gave me.  i lost it the other day.  there must be hundreds of these things floating around out there.  with the serial number a56284247765.  so long, ulysses.  i guess it wasn't meant to be.  that's another fortune down the drain.  i'm glad i won my trip fair and square or i'd be sweating bullets right about now.  miss grundler, once again i'm playing errand boy for you.  i don't like it.  another telegram.  i wonder what it says.  it says she can't join the galpagos expedition because she's 9.  my trip.  none of the fortuneteller's predictions came true.  and that means gus really isn't gonna get stinkyized.  but if the poor sucker ..  he's gonna get gelmanized.   bbbut i brought my lunch.  i don't have any money.  borrow some.  hey, gelman.  huh.  i, gus griswold, see you're a big, fat, nosepicking coward.  come and get me, you big, fat, fraidycat.  gelman is a chicken.  gelman is a chicken.  gelman is a chicken.  gus, don't do it.  the fortune teller lied.  gelman is a chicken.  gelman is a chicken.  gelman is a chicken.  what's going on here.  ..   .  yyou was gonna trap me .  that's right, gelman.  you step out of line once more and bam.  you're finsterized.  ahhhh.  ..children.  get me out of here.  i really miss that $50, but i guess it wasn't worth gus getting stinkyized.  neither was a betterthanperfect score on the math test.  or even a onceinalifetime trip to the galpagos.  yeah, gus, we're all glad it wasn't your final day.  but itwasmy final day.  my final day of going home on time.  finster gave me detention every day until sixth grade.  but hey, you're still alive, and you gave gelman a worldclass case of the yips.  yeah, after his neartrap experience, he may never be the same bully again.  boo.  ahhhhhh.   captions paid for by abc cable networks group captions made possible bythe disney chann  killer whales.  killer whales off the port bow.    what is that sound.  i don't know.  it's scary.  no, it's not.  it's sad.  c'mon, flounder.  ariel, wait.  now it's stopped.  maybe it was just a noise.  no. it was somebody calling for help.  what if he was calling for lunch.  well, if you're scared, you wait here.  and i'll go look over behind that reef.  i'm not scared.  you look there and i'll look around here.  ..  .. ) )