 is alternative to bunion surgery.  it's a simple operation but will require me to stay off my foot for a few days.  miss grotke, should we be taking notes.  no, i'm telling you this to explain that i'll be absent from school next week.  ..  i've arranged for a substitute.   bingo.  a substitute.  this is some kind of wonderful.  i'm almost looking forward to monday.  what's so great about a sub.  sheesh, gus.  what holeintheground school did you transfer from.  there are three things every kid waits for snow days, fire drills, and substitute teachers.  it's like a slice of summer in the middle of the year.  i'm going to get her with the chalkanderaser routine.  i'm going to tell her miss grotke lets us eat in class.  i'm going to reread " i'm going to dust off my peashooter.  whoever this substitute is, the woman is spitball bait.   remember, if the sub calls on you, use a fake name.  i'm going with " she may think she came in the wrong room.  i'm calling a 10:00 a.m. book drop.  good idea.  when i give this signal, everyone move one seat to the right.  gus.  well, uh, i made a paper wad.  you're a madman, griswald.  good morning, pupils.  i'm here to introduce your substitute teacher.  bring her on.  our guest teacher comes to us following successful stints in southeast asia, the former yugoslavia, and the bronx.  please welcome your substitute ..  this is sweet.  mr. e.  hey, that's no girl.  , and i'm here to instruct.  . that's not a name, that's a letter.  what's the rest of your tag, subbie.  that information comes at a terrible price.  are you willing to pay it.  well, everything seems to be in order.  have a great week, kids.   one thing we're going to do this week is work on your vocabulary.  " respe this better be your homework.   whoa. zero fear.  your teacher left a detailed lesson plan, but i'm going to do things differently.   i don't recall excusing anyone.  , it's recess.  your point.  it's time for us to take a break, get a little exercise.  get a little exercise, huh.  all:..  ..  ooh, i shouldn't have had that ninth flapjack.  this can't be good for my sinuses.  i haven't had this much ..  ever.  okay, now let's have some dropandrolls.   the one time of day that's ours, and he's got us acting like marines.  maybe this is good.  if you were in better shape, i wouldn't have to carry you all at kickball.  now, this young man has some stamina.  he's got what it takes.  let's show them some jumping jacks, son.  yes, sir.  thank you, sir.  the rest of you, jump those jacks.  you're doing the same exercises the army rangers do.  i thought we were preparing for fifth grade, not war.  that's clever, kid, but not too smart.  the jumping jacks must have rattled my brain.   looks like you have quite a following.  got a name, joker boy.  t.j. detweiler.  well, detweiler, you got "trouble" written on you like a vacancy sign on the nowhere motel.  if i were you, i'd watch my step.   independent study.  it means you working by yourself on a project you care about, a project that stirs your soul.  i don't care what you choose for your project.  i just want it donewell.  on friday, you'll make a formal presentation to me and your peers.  that gives you four days.  until then, i'll be available to help anyone with a question.  does anyone have a question.  yes.  may we begin now.  you'd better.  a chance to pursue my muse.  i don't get you.  independent study isfun, a chance togrow.  why don't you get on the bus.  maybe i don't trust the driver.  well, you better find some faith, because the clock is ticking, and friday's judgment day.  i heard he tore down the berlin wall brick by brick.  they tossed him from the secret service for using a steely gaze on the president.  he made a kid repeat fifth grade for stammering during a book report.  all: ooh.  you guys impress too easy.  what happened to "sub week," fake names, the book drop.  you're going to let that get ruined by some guy without a first name.  what's so great about him.  look.  where are you hiding your lunch money, geek.  that's it, buster.  leave that kid alone.  now, put him down before i huh.  stand down.  i'll handle this.  if there's anything i hate, it's a bully.  now, i'm asking you nice.  return my pupil to his full and upright position.  you need to change.  there's only one way you're going to learn how.  what are you going to do.  you'regoing to write me an essay all about how it's wrong to lean on people unless it's in the direct geopolitical interests of the united states of america.  you're going to write it in the dirt with your finger starting now.  well, clyde, what are you waiting for.  you can't be a victim all your life.  take a stand.  if you're willing to put in time after school, i can show you two moves that'll disable any bully any time, anyplace.  i'm there.  aah.  problem, kid.  i just can't seem to make it work.  let me give it a onceover.  hmm. yeah. nice imagery.  i like your pace, kid, but the rhyme scheme in the bottom half doesn't match the top.  hey, you're right.  i like your use of creeping moss to represent time, but lose that "moon in june" garbage.  you're better than that.  really. you think.  oh, yeah.  you got some chops, kid.  wow. did you hear that, teej.  i got chops.  i've been telling you that for years.  mr. e. fixed my poem.  inside that stone faade is a soul of a dreamer.  you meandreamy.  he's, like, a total trendsetter.  a fashion icon.  a style visionary for the new millennium and beyond.  all: scandalous.  seems to have affected everyone in school.  like that flu last year.  what's with you.  nothing.  you got to start a project.  mr. e.'s going to cream you if you don't have something.  the probability of you concluding fourth grade without a completed project is very low, indeed.  i don't need anyone telling me what to do not you guys, and not some suit with a letter for a name.  i know what i'm doing.  so these pieces i call them pugilists represent a marriage of two of my greatest passions fighting and metalcraft.  thanks for the opportunity, teach.  "thus, dear buttercup, be thou free to mend "  thank you, third street.  on the front, i put a picture of one of my friends.  on the back, kickball stats plus an interesting fact you might not know about the player.  take t.j., for example.  did everyone know detweiler is actually a really great guy.  really, really great.  hiya.   when i realized the key was alternating magnetic fields, well, the rest was easy.  i was able to invent a machine that produces more energy than it takes in and has the potential to revolutionize the world as we know it.  hey, what's going on.  , i hope the fact that the government has quashed my research won't hurt my final grade.  it happens, grundler.  " well, that's everybody everybody whoparticipated, that is.  you've all done very good work.  i'm satisfied.  as for you, detweiler, i hope you find your seat comfortable.  you'll be using it for years to come.  i don't think so, because i have a project, too.  then stand and deliver.  has been bossing us around, taking away our recess, forcing us to do independent study.  he won you over, but there's something i want to remind you about, and her name is miss grotke.  she did everything for us this year teaching us about healing herbs, helping us with our times tables.  she's always there for us.  she's out a week, and you forget about her.  that's your business, but i made her a "get well" card from me and anyone else who wants to sign it.  this is myindependent study project, and i don't care who likes it.   detweiler.  that project you did it touched me.  it did.  i had you all wrong.  you're spirited but loyal.  i respect that.  i wouldn't have made this if it hadn't been for you.  it was one of the best things i ever did.  maybe you're not a bad teacher after all.  coming from you, i'll take that as a compliment.  .  think you'd like to sign my card.  "grotke, you've got " , there's something that's been bugging me.  could you tell me what the "e" stands for.  no.  you are so cool.  ah, man, this is worse than the line for the decimator at gonzo world.  i'm calculating the angle that will best deflect the kinetic force of the oncoming ball.  i swing from the heels and murder the thing.  boy: next victim.  are you okay, gretchen.  i believe so.  no contusions or abrasions.  great. theni'mup.  next.   there's got to be some athletic endeavor in which someone like myself might excel.  ashleys: . the new fall line is coming in .  . polka dots and leopard skin .  . mommy, .  . how many of them .  1, 2, 3, 4.  take a picture, grundler.  it'll last longer.  excuse me.  do you thinkicould try.  if you must.  ashleys: . in the shopping mall i stand .  . daddy's charge card in my hand .  . if some shoes should catch my eye .  . how many pretty pairs .  one.  one.  no shoes for you, gretchen.  and you could really use some.  ha ha ha ha.  ha ha ha ha.  so swinging is a result of coordinated action between legs and arms.  that shouldn't be too hard. ugh.  pff. amateurs.  there's got to be some sport i could be good at, but what. what.  yoyo. hmm.  eureka.  wow.  wow.  hey, what's going on over there.  maybe some kid's throwing up. come on.  i call this particular piece " ..great.  thanks, but i'm not great, just good.  i can't seem to master " it's a classic yoyo move.  using two yoyos, you knock a pair of shoes across the floor, creating the illusion of an invisible man walking.  it was last performed in 1962 by tommy "the tickler" tate.  the old guy who lives across the street.  my dad does his taxes.  think he's the same guy.  so you're saying this guy was good.  he was national champ seven years running.  maybe you could get him to teach you that trick.  nah, i wouldn't try that.  i hear he hates kids.   tommy tate.  could it be.   whatever you're selling, i ain't buying.  i was just hoping you could teach me a yoyo trick.  yoyo isn't tricks, kid.  it's hard work.  it requires extreme physical and mental discipline.  excuse me for being persistent.  i heard you were the best.  that was a long time ago.  you're barking up the wrong tree, acorn.  but you don't understand.  all these years, i wanted to be good at a sport, just one.  then i found the yoyo, and it felt like magic flowing out of my fingers.  if i could just do "the invisible man" what's the use.  to master the art of yoyo, you've got to endure hours of punishing practice, string burn, swollen fingers, arm fatigue, crippling vertigo.  you'll eat, sleep, and breathe yoyo.  tv. that's out.  dulls the senses.  you're going to need every sense you've got.  yes, sir, i know i am.  don't shake with that.  it's your instrument.  go home and get some rest.  we start tomorrow.  oh, and, kid, you got a juicer.  no, sir, mr. tate.  well, get one, and plenty of butternut squash.  yeehah.  no, no, no.  you knocked all wrong.  it's this. see this.  just like this.  look at all these trophies.  won that gold one over in sweden, and i took that lovin' cup in the tristate open in 1957, but enough of the past.  it's show time.  note where my plant foot is, huh, huh.  thatis the secret of yo.  makes the fingers nimble.  bottoms up, kid.  nah, nah, nah.  anyone can walk the dog.  you got to promenade, little lady. promenade.  but ii don't understand.  promenade, girlie, like your life depends on it.  promenade, right.  that's the tune i was looking for.  that, young lady, is yo.  really. so that's yooo.  faster, faster. throw it.  you hate that yoyo.  you want it out of your hands.  arms straight, chin up, heels over heels.  stiffen up that wrist.   okay, let's hang it up for today.  you know, kid, you're good best i've seen in a long time.  with a little practice, you'll be ready for the yappy yoyo pro expo in a couple of weeks.  you think i'd do all right.  i think you'd take home the trophy.  a trophy. wow.  miss grotke: anyone. anyone.  anyone know the answer.  anyone at all.  yes, gretchen.  um, the dewey decimal system.  so you're saying the angry colonists, dressed as native americans, dumped the dewey decimal system into boston harbor.  the yoyo, please.  this is the sixth one this week.  you're the last person i'd expect this from.  mikey: why would the chicken want to make us think he tastes good.  doesn't he know what happens to tasty chickens.  it's a commercial, mikey.  what do you think, gretchen.  i didn't see the commercial, mikey.  i was practicing.  don't you people ever talk about yoyos.  why don't you put that thing away.  you've been yoyoing all day.  it's beenweeks up and down, up and down.  it's giving me a migraine.  well, excuse me.  for once in my life, i'm good at a real sport a sport with trophies.  it's important to me, okay.  more important than any science fair, quiz bowl, or chess tournament i've ever been in.  if you guys can't support me, thensorry.  i was just asking about the chicken.  we'll cut it short today.  you should taper down for tomorrow.  you seem a little off.  i yelled at my friends today.  they don't understand why i'm doing this.  there comes a time in every great yoyoer's life when he has to decide what's more important the yoyo or everything else.  i guess i never realized how much you have to give up to be great.  kid, let me show you something.  this baby was my favorite.  she walked, twirled, and aroundtheworlded me to every trophy, and, well, i wantyouto have her.  i don't know, mr. tate.  take it, kid.  you deserve it.  thanks, coach.  i won't let you down.  that a girl.  hey, let's juice some squash.  i still don't see why we had to come to this goofy thing.  especially after what gretchen said about the chicken.  if yoyoing is that important to her, then you know what we got to do.  cheer our brains out.  like our lives depended on it.  see that kid.  that's alex lorall, the reigning champ.  they say he's the best there is.  he is, except for you.  do me a favor trounce him.  announcer: let the games begin.  yay.  yay.  yay.  ooh.  ooh.  aww.  aww.  aww.  yay.  yay.  yay.  8.5. that's a joke, judge.  you watching the same expo we'rewatching.   pathetic wannabes.  just one point separates gretchen and lorall.  it all comes down to this.  ladies and gentlemen, our final round.  good luck, alex.  luck. luck is for losers.  good luck toyou,though.  and now our first finalist undefeated yappy yoyo champion alex lorall.   yay.  yay.  yay.  she's doomed.  let's see you beatthat.  and now our second finalist gretchen gondolier excuse me grundler.   one yoyo. big deal.  yay.  yay.  yay.  she's got four yoyos going at once.  incredible.  she's walking a whole pack of dogs.  yay.  yay.  yay.  ladies and gentlemen, it can't be.  it's an invisible man.  that move hasn't been seen in sanctioned competition since 1962.   ladies and gentlemen, the yappy yoyo pro expo has a new champion miss gretchen grundler.  gretchen, your cinderella story has inspired millions tonight.  is there anything you'd like to say.  well, yes, i'd like to take this opportunity to retire from professional yoyo.  i did what i set out to do.  now i've got schoolwork and friends to catch up with.  there is one thing i wanted to say.  this one's for the tickler.  she can't take my title and not give me a chance for a rematch.  that's not fair.  i could lose endorsements.  hey, mr. tate.  i guess you must think i'm a quitter.  you're smart to go back to your friends.  by the time i got out, i didn't have any to go back to.  you probably want this back.  someday there will be a knock on your door, and there will be a kid who wants you to help him.  if you're lucky, that kid will make you feel the way i felt today.  well, i better get going.  hey, tickler.  yo.  yo.  captions by vitaccaptions paid for by abc cable networks group  ha ha ha.   join the applause, clap with the claws    open the jaws and sing, everybody    this is the life, this is the life    music and partying    everybody, join the applause    clap with the claws, open the jaws and sing    yeah    this is the life, this is the life    music and partying    whoa.  oof.  dancin' can be dangerous.  it's safer if you stick to the seaweed pizza.  i did.  it's pearl.  she is so cool.  hey, ariel, your party is totally wavy.  thanks, pearl.  there's only one teensyweensy thing wrong with it.  the music isn't loud enough.  i couldn't hear it over my squidcycle.  get in the swim.  i'll pump up the volume.  the king said you could have this party if you kept the music down.  don't worry.    when i was a young crustacean    some days had their own frustrations    i'd follow along    and sing the same old song    one day i had the notion    that i could compose an ocean    so i took command    now i'm the leader of the band    this is the life    this is the life    this is the life    this is the life    don't be such a clam    open up and jam   according to my inventory, some of the royal jewels are missing.  ..  to do the royal inventory.  see to it, glofish.  caring for your treasure is my pleasure.  ha ha ha.  actually, your treasure makes me green with envy.  oh, if i were king, i'd never leave the royal jewels.  but i'm not the king.  oh, i'm so blue.   come on, i'm older and yes, much wiser  ) )