 these are some of the best times you'll ever have.  the old place even smells the same.  it's the cafeteria.  that stink is permanent.  you got that right, kid.  well, take her easy, guys.  ..  dudikoff.  frank dudikoff.  did you say dudikoff.   ah, the same old bell, too.  later.  boy, for a grownup, he sure was nice.  guys, that dude " all: "the dude".  i should have known the great franklin dudikoff.  i'm getting goose bumps.  we're not worthy, man.  um, i don't mean to sound behind the times, but who is this dude guy anyway.  follow me, gus, and i'll show you.  legend has it the dude did that.  a classic crackup.  a stunt like that could get you crowned prankster prince.  he was that, gus, and so much more.  he was the coolest kid to ever play this hallowed grass.  he's my idol, my guiding light.  they say he ascended to the king's throne at the age of 8 the only thirdgrader ever to do so.  i hear he led the great cafeteria revolt against something they used to call the tuesday surprise.  best of all, the dude ran rings around finster, pulling prank after prank on her.  there's a word reserved for a special few moxie.  the grown man we met ..  wow.  and i shook his hand.  it's still tingling.  i only wish i could have asked the dude some questions.  i'd like to know where he got that giant shoe.  sorry i'm late, class, but i was greeting your new student teacher.  please give a warm hello to mr. dudikoff.  girl: dudikoff. whoa.  " dudikoff will be learning how to help you learn while i quietly observe from the back.  i now hand the keys to your young minds over to mr. dudikoff.  good luck, franklin, and don't feel nervous that your entire teaching career depends on how you do in these next two weeks.  um, miss grotke tells me you're about to study theshockingfield of electricity ha ha and so i brought some materials to yes, um, theodore.  first of all, let me say i'm a huge fan.  i want to say welcome back, dude.  well, uh, thank you, but, uh, please, call me mr. dudikoff.  the dude never really belonged in the classroom.  got you, mr. dudeikoff.  now, uh, where did i put that science text.  ah, yes, here it is. ahem.  "electricity, part one.  "all matter is composed of atoms.  "atoms, in turn, are composed of subatomic particles protons, neutrons, ..  teej, what's this junk got to do with electricity.  shh. the dude is talking.  "the nucleus can be thought "static electricity is the type of electricity created "when a balloontype object, 'a,' "is rubbed vigorously against '" what you talking about, dude.  dudikoff, could i talk to you for a second.  yes, ma'am.  franklin, maybe my being here is making you a tad nervous.  oh, no, miss grotke.  well, maybe just a little, but it is my first day, and how about if i take care of things in the office.  you just keep on teaching.  okay, kids, i leave you dudikoff's sweaty but capable hands.    oh, boy, flying solo.  okay, uh, where were we.  "because there is no quick way for the electrons ..  face it, teej, your dude's a dud.  maybe the dude just needs a little prompting.  dudikoff, i got a question.  uh, okay, theodore, i'll try and clear up whatever it is you don't understand.  what was it like being the only third grader to ever be king of the playground.  that's not in the lesson plan for today.  and tell us how you led the great cafeteria revolt.  that would be worth writing down.  kids, miss grotke is expecting me to teach you about electricity.  kids: ohh.  hey, maybe a diagram will help.  and what about miss finster.  did you say "finster".  he's a washout, isn't he.  i'm not sure i know what you're talking about.  that dudikoff kid can't be any good.  he just needs to find his inner teacher.  a boy like that will never be a teacher.  he's a bad apple, and bad apples never ripen.  this apple did, muriel.  come with me and see for yourself.  that's when finster caught me redhanded in front of the whole playground.  she makes this big show of asking me,  "franklin, did you bring enough chewing gum " and i said, "why, ma'am, yes, i did," and i took out 247 sticks of gum.  oh, man, that is so dude.   what's in the lesson plan today, grotke, the history of hooliganism.  hey, look mr. dudikoff.  we saved you a spot in line.  oh, easy there, gus.  dudikoff is so stiff.  just call me, uh, dude.  what's the hairnet squad dumping on us today, huh.  oh, a little something we decided to bring back called tuesday surprioh, no. not you again.  gladys, scrap the surprise, and get on them sloppy joes.  nice to see they remember.  kids: yay.  students, we have a serious lesson ahead of us today.  not the electricity thing again.  want to learn how even though you're stuck in school all day, you can still have all the comforts of home.  now this is exactly what i've been stressing to you people.  long about 15 years ago, i figured out ..  a hiding place extraordinaire.  ah, my favorite gum bubbletopia.  it's banned now, you know, but have a piece.  but, dude, it's old.  no, my friend, it's vintage.  long as there's no expiration date, it's good to go.  tender.  supple.  i'm telling you, sir, this dude person is a disgrace to the entire school.  he just needs time.  he should be doing time.  from what miss finster says standing on desks, ..  slapping a "pony rides for $1" sign on my back.  he doesn't sound like teacher material.  i get good vibes from him, and the kids love him.  he deserves another chance.  all right, grotke, dudikoff until 10:00 a.m.  tomorrow morning.  if he hasn't cleaned up his act by then, he'll be out of here.  for the second and last time.  after i return these tests, we're going to break into groups doowop groups.  i'm starting to think you don't appreciate the seriousness of your situation.  yeah, yeah, yeah, prickly's coming to check me out.  if you don't have your act together, you won't pass your teacher training.  i got a fullon rapport with these kids.  just check out the dude's adoring fans.  an "f". dude.  i'm in hot water here.  i am so disappointed in myself.  my life is flashing before my eyes.  franklin, you did cover the electricity material, didn't you.  i think so. didn't we.  we may be in hot water, but the dude's career just went down the drain.    see you tomorrow, teej.  yeah, see you guys tomorrow.  oh, man.  there goes my "video games help me learn science" excuse.  dude.  hey.  hey.  what you doing.   saying goodbye.  i'm just not cut out to be a teacher.  mind if i ask a question.  don't raise your hand.  you're totally cool, right.  you're the dude.  what made you want to be a teacher, anyway.  , it probably sounds kind of corny, but i love the stuff you get to teach science, history, literature i think that stuff is sort of cool.  could have fooled me, dude.  that electromagnesia junk was boring.  it doesn't have to be.  electrons and protons make up everything, man.  it's a crazy swirling mess bumping into itself out there, like a hardcore game of maul ball with some capture the flag and freeze tag thrown in.  get out.  i won't.  well, it's a bummer you won't be around to teach us cool junk like that anymore.  yeah, really.  would have been great, huh.  best of luck, mr. dude.  it was a real honor.  ..  let's move it, sir.  it's zero hour.  no need to push, miss finster.  the dude isn't going anywhere.  oh, he's going somewhere out those doors for good.  can't we give him more time to find himself.  we gave him time, grotke.  he's not teaching here, he's playing.  okay, okay, keep the balls moving, kids.  don't break the chain.  this is an everloving freak out.  mr. dudikoff.  yes, sir, and how can i help you today.  what is going on here.  we're studying electricity.  ..  it's an event.  we're excited atoms.  the kids didn't get much out of my boring lectures, so i thought this actiondemo might clear things up.  is it working.  spinelli, where does our circuit dead end.  it doesn't, mr. dude.  it's only a circuit if the electrons keep moving.  but this can't be teaching.  these students are havingfun.  what better way to learn.  teaching by the book wasn't getting anywhere, and the dude really wasn't helping, either.  then it hit me.  why not combine those guys the brainy guy and the fun guy.  andvoilmr. dude.  marvelous, franklin.  you'll make a fine teacher.  kids: yay.  don't you have anything to say to this boy.  welcome to the profession, mr. dude.  let's golf sunday.  i'm keeping my eye on you.  i wouldn't have it any other way, miss finster.  tender.  supple.  book bag, ..  mom.  ..  mom.  ..  mom.  i know i'm embarrassing you, but it won't be for much longer.  you turn 10 on saturday.  starting monday, you get to wait for the bus all by yourself.  ..  the mikester's turning the big 10.  he will reap all the benefits appertaining thereto.  when i turn 10, my dad's going to bump me up to the next allowance bracket $1.70 per.  i'll be staying up till 8:30 tuesday nights.  it'll be just me, the tv, and "the adventures of beanie mcchimp." i wonder what the mikester's going to do.  you must be getting excited about the big day, eh, mikey.  mikey.  yo, mikey.  huh. what.  you look like you just lost your best fruit pie.  huh. yeah, fruit pie.  come on, guys, time to hit the books.   hey, somebody dropped their sippy cup.  bonky.  children: . bonky, bonky, speckled little dragon .  hello, old friend.  . bonky, bonky .  mikey, got your invitation to the birthday bash saturday.  yeah, our first doubledigit doodah tender.  i trust you've selected a sophisticated juice to commemorate the day.  oh, yeah, i think we're having apple.  hethinks we're having apple.  last week mikey couldn't wait to turn 10.  now he doesn't care what juice we're having.  yeah, ever since yesterday, he's been acting funny.  that tends to happen as people begin to age.  their brains aren't quite ..  listen, i've known mikey over half my life, and there is nothing wrong with that boy.   of all our founding persons, which one said, "i cannot tell a lie".  anyone. anyone.  mikey.  george bonkyton.  ha ha ha ha.  i mean, uh, george washington.  uh, good save, mikey.  now let's all turn to page 112, which gives lie to the whole cherry tree myth.  " huh.  come on, vince.  do your worst.  put it right here.  i ain't afraid of no kickball.  okay, you made your point.  mikey, heads up.  mikey, what do you have a death wish.  i told you, never turn your back when vince is mikey, your face ..blue.  ..  of blueberries.  uh, i got to go clean up.  a puddle of blueberries.  uh, guys, i don't know how to say this, but mikey wasn't eating ..  sucking on a bonky pop.  but they're for kindergartners.  : yeah, and that's not all. look.  vince: bonky stuff but why.  isn't it obvious.  we've all gone through a bonky phase, usually at age 2 or 3.  to regress into an infantile bonky obsession at the age of 10 this is very serious.  i didn't like bonky when i was supposed to, and i don't now.  we can't hang out with a 10yearold bonky freak.  we'll be the laughingstock of the playground.  this is mikey we're talking about the mikester our friend.  we can't give up on him.  he needs us.  well, what canwedo.  we could take this bonky junk and chuck it down the ravine.  no, i've got a better idea.  we go up to mikey, look him in the eye, and tell him we know about his bonky stuff.  he'll be so embarrassed, he'll stop playing with bonky.  hey, mikey, you forgot your backpack.  oh, uh, thanks.  look, man, we know you're all hung up on bonky.  i don't know what you're talking about.  your book bag's jammed with bonky junk.  that's got to be a cry for help.  that's not bonky junk.  okay, it is, but it was put there by someone else enemies.  mikey, get off that stuff before the school finds out.  never.  mikey, wait.  whoa.  hey, look, everybody, mikey's playing with bonky stuff.  all: ha ha ha.  . mikey loves bonky, mikey loves bonky .  you guys just just just be quiet.  maybe confronting him wasn't the best thing to do after all.  poor mikey.  we've got to do something.  confrontation didn't work.  i suggest we try acceptance.  you got to be kidding.  if we support mikey by accepting his new lifestyle, perhaps it'll help build his selfesteem.  well, i guess it's worth a try.   hey, mikey, sorry about what happened earlier.  here, you dropped something.  bonky.  yeah, ain't he the cutest.  waah. waah. waah.  uh, here you go, man.  ashley: a bonky blankie.  that went out, like, four grades ago.  all: ha ha ha ha.  excuse me, but may i please have some more.  not for me, but for bonky.  bonkylovespudding.  no seconds on dessert.  byebye, bonky.  bonky want pudding.  bonky want pudding.  mikey, mikey, it's okay.  bonky can have my pudding.  thank you, vince.  bonkylovesvince.  mikey:. t.j..  mikey, i got my ups here.  will you walk bonky and me to the bathroom.  we got to potty.  you what. timeout.  confrontation didn't work.  acceptance didn't work.  spinelli, looks like you were right.  the only solution ..  get him.  what's going on.  stop it. that tickles.  this is for your own good.  please don't hate me for this.  that which doesn't kill you, makes you stronger.  bonky. no.  bonky.  miss finster.  what is it, detweiler.   bonky stuff, ma'am.  i found it under the swings.  toys from home are strictly forbidden.  ..  lock him up.  mikey: aah.  i'm sorry.  i saw no other way.  now your recovery can begin.  doesn't it feel good to get that dragon off your back.  yeah, you guys are right.  it was for my own good.  i shouldn't be playing with little kids' stuff.  in a few days, i'm going to be the big 10, right.  exactly.  well, i better get inside.  i believe the bonky nightmare is finally over.  everybody ready to honor our friend mikey.  i got him a supersonic glowinthedark football.  i'm paying tribute with a remote control tyrannosaurus rexadon.  bicepto, warlord of destruction.  ooh.  this is going to rock.   hey, what the heck are a bunch of kindergartners doing here.  vince: ..   tell me i'm not seeing this.  hey, guys, join the party.  we love bonky.  oh, my goodness, boys and girls, guess who's here.  oh, no.  bonky.  yuk, yuk, yuk.  hidehi there, kiddlywiddlies.  it's bonky time.   oh, man, mikey fell off the bonky wagon.  we've got to destroy this bonky obsession.  you guys thinking what i'm thinking.  i see no other way.  fan out.  now.  you think this is bonky.  i'll show you bonky.  aah.  mrs. blumberg.  oh, uh, hi there, kids.  my mom is bonky.  oh, my head hurts.  lamb chop, wait.  so, who knows the hokeypokey.  now we play pintailonbigkid.  you haven't sat here in a long time.  you seem pretty upset that it was me inside this bonky costume.  how would you like it if your biggest hero turned out to be your mom dressed in a rubber suit.  calling bonky your biggest hero is a little, well, weird, don't you think.  not you, too.  this is probably all my fault.  i thought by putting on this suit i'd be helping you get over this bonky obsession, but all i've really done is make things worse.  it's not your fault.  i know bonky's for little kids, and i know it's not right for me to be playing with him.  it's just when you left me at the bus stop and told me i wasn't going to need you anymore, i started to miss the old days.  you know, those halcyon preschool days, when it was just you, me, and bonky.  i thought maybe if i kept him around, it would be a way of keeping you around, too.  oh, honey, i'm not going anywhere.  you're not.  no. i'll be around.  it's just you're growing up, and you have to learn to do things more on your own without your mom or bonky by your side.  but that doesn't mean i'll be gone.  i'll always be with you in here.  heck, you're my buttery little lamb chop cup.  and you're my apple dumpling mama.  and you're my little chocolatecovered pumpkin pie.  what are they talking about out there.  as far as my lipreading skills can determine, they're talking about food.   ..lunch money...  ..  underpants.   captions by vitaccaptions paid for by abc cable networks group why do you suppose shopping is so much fun.  everyone loves going to the marketplace. ) )