 thank you, thank you.  excuse me, pardon me.  out of my way 'cause here comes principal t.j. detweiler.    but this is impossible.  i thought you didn't fill out a form.  someone must have voted for me.  three cheers .  all: hiphip hooray.  hiphip hooray.  hiphip hooray.  and so it begins.    thank you, thank you, my fellow students.  spinelli: long live .  what special treatment can i have.  there's something for everyone. trust me.  i'm a principal from the kids, by the kids, and for the kids.  all: yay.  no. no. request denied.  looky who it is your worst nightmare.  i don't know how you rigged this contest, but remember tomorrow i'll be back in charge.  i believe you're in my seat.  unhunh.  t.j. principal today.  wow, this is one big chair.  yes, it is, and it takes a big man to fill it.  whoohoo.  if you have a moment, it's time for the morning announcements.  thought you'd never ask.  and i'm required to let you know that, as principal, anything you say goes.  lousy town charter.   attention, students, principal t.j. here.  this is going to be good.  since i'm a principal from, by, and for the kids, it's time to make things a little more kidflavored.  that's our boy.  principal t.j.'s rule number one students may refuse to answer teachers' questions on the grounds that, heck, they may not know the answer.  yes.  rule the second today's lunch will be pizza, and for dessert allyoucaneat chocolate chip cookies.  some are just born to lead.  rule the third chewing gum is encouraged, while sharing it is strictly forbidden.  bring your own or chew paper, suckers.  at last, a fair and just official.  and, finally, effective immediately, allday recess.   you rock, teej.  wait till you hear my nohomework policy my big finale.  spinelli: you're the best.  i didn't think you had it in you.  a lot of kids would have wimped out, but you went all the way.  you're a leader, boy.  i wouldn't be surprised if you had what it takes to be a real principal someday.   miss lemon: sorry to interrupt, sirs, but a student has been caught sharing gum.  so.  forgotten your rules already.  a pupil has violated your orders.  you know what you have to do.  um, overlook it.  i see.  so i was wrong about you.  you're going to end up one of those ineffectual principals all bark and no teeth, eh.  can't say i'm not disappointed.  miss lemon, send the kid in.  yo, teej, i broke a rule, man.  so what are you going to give me a soda.  uh, well, actually, lawson, i'm giving you a detention.  but, teej, buddy please leave me.  come on, tough guy.  it's okay, lad.  i remember the first time i had to give a detention.  ..moments to calm down.  no, you don't understand.  ii liked it.  .  you really are a naturalborn leader.  let me show you how we big shots cope with the stress and unwind.  would you like to be orange or blue.  line it up.  keep your head down.  read the green.  check.  ashleys: scandalous.  dang it.  i had that putt clean.  distractions like that wouldn't happen if those kids were in class where they belong.  you make a good point.  students of third street school, may i have your attention, please.  recess, everyone's favorite time of the day, is hereby over.  i want everyone back in their classes pronto.  you heard your principal.  move along.  come on. hyah. hyah.  excellent move, principal detweiler.  thank you, sir.  to be a topnotch principal, change your image.  after all, respect is measured by the price of a man's suit.  but i like my clothes.  do you like them more than this.  behold prickly's house of style.  ooh gabardine.  man, what ever happened to allday recess.  teej must have something up his sleeve.  : may i have your attention, please.  i said attention.  i am hereby rescinding all my earlier rules and replacing them with new ones.  i recognize prickly, but who's that midget in the suit.  that's no midget, gus, that's principal t.j.  he's more machine than kid now.  first, your lunch hour will be cut short and dessert will be eliminated.  new rule number two recess, only because it is required by those bureaucrats downtown, will be cut to four minutes.  anyone breaking the new rules will receive a level4 detention.  now finish your lunch and get back to class.  transformation complete.  a little higher, lou.  ..  miss lemon: principal detweiler, we nabbed a sixth grader for running in the hall.  uhh. blasted kid.  i was just beginning to relax.  running in the hall.  running in the hall.  why must you turn my hall into a den of running.  i'm sorry.  i don't feel good.  i was running to the bathroom to i'm not interested in excuses.  this infraction is going right into the prickly files.  but, sir, i i'm doing this for your own good.  now sign it.  oh, man, this whomps.   what you looking at.  okay, okay, that's enough.  now get out and leave principal detweiler alone.  that was outstanding.  i never is something the matter, son.  ..  time for change, that's all.  discipline here has been too lax lately.  i'm going to clean house.  i'm starting with the worst miscreants in the bunch.  miss lemon, send up lasalle, grundler, lundberg, griswold, and spinelli now.  ooh, your best friends.  nice touch.  it's about time those five were entered alphabetically, of course, in the prickly files.  you're good.  you're very good.  happy punishment, hoodlums.  well, look who's here.  you must think you're pretty great, with your rock 'n' roll and your funny books.  what's this all about, teej, sir.  yeah, we didn't run or talk or nothing.  you'll see soon enough.  peter, i'd like to handle these on my own, if you don't mind.  it's a little early for you to fly solo, but you've earned it, captain.  make me proud.  : you didn't run or talk or nothing, eh.  what do you take me for, a fool.  well.  it was beautiful.  i knew i could turn him around.  the boy's a natural.  five minutes in there, and those nogooders will be begging for mercy.  : now hear this.  there will be an assembly on the playground at 2:45 sharp.  it's time all you bad seeds got what you deserve.  that is all.  collective punishment.  oh, the boy's a genius.  what do you suppose he's going to do to us.  nothing that our spirits ..i hope.  well, well, well, my young charges.  it's been nice, but now it's time for you thirdstreeters to get your just desserts.   free ice cream for everybody.  students: yay.  we got hot dogs and snocones, too.  what's the meaning of this, detweiler.  oh, nothing.  i just figured with one hour left as principal, why not do something really memorable, like throw the biggest party this school's ever seen.  you could have been one of the greats, kid.  yeah, maybe, but then i would have been something i'm not a powerhungry grownup.  thank goodness i figured out who i am before it was too late, huh, sir.  i almost had him, muriel almost.  don't worry, sir.  there's always next year.  lovato.  jonas.  both: and this is radio disney's total access.   we are at disney world, actually.  and we are singing make a wave, the song for friends for change that we did and we've recorded, and we're performing it today.  . make wave, make a wave .  make a waveis going to be in the new disney naturemovieoceans that comes out on earth day and is the theme song forfriends for change this year.  . just a pebble in the water .  it's just basically saying that if you throw a pebble in the water, you could make a wave, so do your part to make a difference.  rehearsing together is fun.  we don't really typically ever really have a routine.  he likes to do some crazy dance moves sometimes like this.  tsst tsst tsst. we might even do the crossover.  tsst tsst tsst. i might even do this one.   i don't know what's going on.  it's nice to be able to just laugh about things, like, while we're onstage and just have a good time.  we're best friends, so we have a good time with it.  we read each other's minds.  yeah.  and so sometimes i can see his future whenever we sing together.  i see her past.  that's pretty much how we connect when we perform together.   yeah, so let's do this.  . so throw a pebble in the ocean .  every time we see fans out there sing the words and getting excited.  it makes us excited.  and that's what gets us pumped up.   is this a singoff. is this a singoff.  before going onstage, you can be really excited, but when you're onstage and you can see the fans singing the words andthat's the best feeling in the world is just to know that people love your music that much that they memorize all the words to your song.   . just a pebble in the water .  for us, it'sit's an amazing song.  ..  to us.  and i think joe feels the same, yep.  . make a wave .  . make a wave .  and that's radio disney's total access.   girl: like, these are the entry forms for the official kiddie cosmetics little miss blush beauty contest.  pageants nature's way of pointing out perfection.  i'm totally sure an ashley will take the crown again.  so fill out your entry forms in pink ink, please.  spinelli: like, totally special delivery.  aah.  aah.  aah.  my pores. my pores.  ew. impurities.  got 'em. ha ha ha.  that spinelli just miffs.  i wish there was some way we could get her back.  we, like, totally need revenge.  think, ashleys, think.  ooh, i have an idea.  what if we entered that obnoxious tomboy in the beauty contest.  we'll write an essay and sign her name.  it's sure to get her nominated and totally humiliate her.  all: scandalous.  in 1932, amelia earhart flew across the atlantic, becoming an outspoken model of rugged feminism hi, i'm guy mcmahon with kiddie cosmetics, sponsor of the little miss blush beauty pageant.  hello, uh, guy.  can i help you.  i'm here to shine a big spotlight on those lucky girls selected to compete in this year's pageant.  all the better to aim at.  the finalists are drum roll, please.   ..  who, me.  quel surprise.  ..  i only just now got over the excitement of last year's contest.  ashley tomassian, ashley boulet, and, finally, ashley spinelli.  say what.   i didn't enter any beauty contest.  i'd rather scarf down a dead bird.  who did this to me.  that's what i want to know.  who did it.  well, whoever it was dotted their i's with hearts.  i know only four girls who do that.  the ashleys.  time to start throwing something other than dirt bombs.  why beat them up when you could just beat them.  what are you talking about.  come on, it's the ultimate way to get back at the ashleys.  be a contestant and win.  yeah, i see what you're going for.  i'm not entering no beauty contest.  but, spinelli, a pageant could be fun.  we'll transform you.  you'll emerge from the chrysalis a beautiful butterfly.  you're on mighty thin ice, mikey.  actually, he's got a point.  i've always thought you had excellent bone structure.  really. no, i couldn't.  still, it would be pretty great to see the look on the ashleys' faces if i beat 'em.  you're going to win that contest.  you're on my team.  i'm going to apply the same rigorous standards to you that i apply to myself.  try not to hate me.  i was up all night watching videotapes of the last seven little miss blush pageants, and i've prepared " our first lesson the walk.  now watch closely, spinelli.  i'm only going to do this once.  step, step, sashay.  step, step, sashay.  okay, rookie, you try it.  step, step oh.  this is going to take longer than i thought.  lesson two the talent segment.  talent.  i don't have any talent.  hey, what about your musical armpits.  great idea, mikey.  " scotch that, spinelli.  the acoustics in the pageant hall won't support a talent like that.  wait. i've got it.  i completed an extra credit assignment last night.  her talent could be plate spinning, a variety act classic.  come on.  i can't do that.  these plates were handthrown by me and fired in the grundler kiln.  they're perfectly balanced.  they can't fall. here.  hey, i'm doing it.  i'm doing it.   oops. sorry.  lesson three hair.  it should be soft, fullbodied, and frame the face for a complimentary look.  in other words, lose the hat and pigtails, spinelli.  man, the things a girl has to do for beauty.  lesson four the questionandanswer segment.  the winners have always mentioned five things world peace, happiness, hair, unity, and teaching others to read.  now, contestant spinelli, what are your favorite things in life.  kickboxing, pro wrestling, and that first ice ball of winter.  okay. let's try again.  vince: i hope that dress is okay.  gus: it was pretty dark in the garage last night when i was sewing it.  look, we should just be happy your dad let us use his old parachute.  come on, spinelli.  time for the grand unveiling.  this thing looks like gus sewed it together in the dark.  spinelli, we've all worked very hard.  we deserve to see the fruits of our labor.  look, i'm not wearing this thing in public.  understand.  what.  yes.  it just might work.  hey, guys, slide me in one of those fashion magazines.  mikey: incoming.  it's merely a function of proportion.  spinelli, all is not lost.  i can simply scale this dress down and copy a paris designer's latest sensation.  can i go back in the stall now.  i've worked her and worked her.  i've taught her everything i know, but is she ready.  is she ready.  attention, team spinelli.  i present the lovely miss ashley spinelli.  if chosen little miss blush, most important to me will be achieving world peace, adding happiness and unity to every life i touch, teaching others to read, and, lastly, managing to do it all in style with a radiant head of expertly coiffed hair.  comments.  i'm going to win.  i mean, we'regoing to win.  nice outfit, spinelli, if you're being dropped behind enemy lines.  obvious knockoff.  i'll knock your head off.  don't let them get to you, spinelli.  it wasn't the ashleys talking.  that was fear.  you got them on the run.  and speaking of runs, check out your stockings.  ladies and gentlemen, welcome to this year's little miss blush beauty pageant.  i don't see spinelli.  does anyone see spinelli.  are you blind.  there she is.  where.  on the left.  she's the one on the right wait.  they do all look similar.  there she is the one who packed a knuckle sandwich.  i can't believe you showed up.  i mean, what's your talent, changing oil.  you know you can't win.  i'm here for one reason to take you ashleys down.  yeah, right.  prepare to lose, spinugly.    . 'cause we're the girls who didn't win .  thank you, girls who didn't win.  there will be more of you very shortly after we announce our three shimmering finalists.  you might as well take that dress back to the surplus store, 'cause us finalists are jumping without you.  finalist number one ashley quinlan.  finalist number two ashley armbruster.  like, see ya, sucker.  and our final finalist ashley spinelli.   we're going all the way.  that sash is going to look sweet in my trophy case.  hold on to your hats, folks, because in just a few minutes, these three lovely finalists will be back to dazzle us with their sparkling personalities.  but first, a musical tribute to lip gloss.  wow. me, a finalist.  vince, what are you doing here.  i just had to tell you how great you're doing, and i think you're in the lead, too.  the guy with the beard pulls on his ear when he likes someone.  he practically yanked it off his head during your plate routine.  all you have to do to clinch this sucker is mention those five things in the qanda.  five things. five things.  excuse me, spinelli.  don't tell the others i came over to talk to you, but, like, wow.  i'm just totally amazed that you did it the look, the talent, the poise.  you are living, breathing proof that beauty contests really work.  before, you were just a regular, lowclass kid, but now you're just like us.  yeah, i'm just like you.  if selected little miss blush, i would support world peace, happiness, unity, hair, and teaching others to read.   what a cheery, toothsome response.  now for our final pageantress miss ashley spinelli.  if you were selected little miss blush, what would you try to achieve during your reign.  well, guy, it seems to me that today's little miss blush should concern herself with five main areas.  she must first concentrate on achieving world peace, and and second, she should work hard to end illiteracy by teaching others to read, ..  i can't do this.  i mean, sure, i'm all for peace and people reading, but if i really was selected little miss blush, i'd do the same junk i do now watch a little pro wrestling, try to keep up in school, hang out with my friends you know, kid stuff.  oh, no.  i only got entered in this contest 'cause some kids thought it was a funny joke, and i stayed in 'cause i wanted to win, but the truth is, this isn't me.  thisis me.  i'm not a paintedup doll.  i'm a kid, and i don't want to be anything else.  anyway, i'm sorry i wasted your time.  thank you.  no, no. it's all over.   okay.  who said these contests aren't full of surprises.  so, judges, which of our two remaining finalists wait.  really.  uh, ahem.  ladies and gentlemen, our new little miss blush is ashley spinelli, "for she is exactly what the fourthgrade girl "   isn't spinelli just radial.  this is the happiest moment of my life.  hiyah.  what did you think i was going to do, cry.   captions by vitaccaptions paid for by abc cable networks group there you are.  aha.  i hate salt water.  it burns my nose.  stop your whining.  everyone in fresh water knows we're dirty, rotten crooks.  we gotta give the folks in salt water the chance to be robbed by us.  i'm so excited i couldn't sleep.  do these shells go with this tiara.  no. stay with the scallops.  where's my lipstick.  who took my brush.  i'm alwaysthere's my lipstick.  i'm so excited i couldn't sleep.   hurry up, girls.  we leave for the carnival of tides on the tide.  but i've nothing to wear.  who does.  oh, crustaceans just don't understand.  the king made me royal mermaid mover, so get moving.  hey, get your claws off.  anyone seen my new hair comb.  nope. uhuh.  your hair is fine, arista.  let's go.  not without my hair comb, sebastian.  girls, let's go.  aquatacheck. alanacheck.  aristacheck. attinacheck.  adellacheck. andrinacheck.  arieluhoh.  ariel.  ariel.  what.  ariel, have you forgotten we're leaving.  let me rephrase that.  we should have already left for the carnival of tides.  i was exploring and lost track of time.  flounder, urchin, and i had so much fun.  just tell me you're ready to go.  please. humor me.  i guess i am.  oh, thank goodness.  oh.   i thought i'd neverow. why did you do that.  this is my hair comb.  i just found it.  i lost it.  wait.  ladies, it don' matter whose comb it is.  what's important is leaving.  she's always taking my things.  who'd want them.  what's that supposed to mean.  you figure it out.  oh, it's too perfect.  the entire court's leaving the palace unguarded.  any kind of lowlife sea scum could just crawl in and take the royal treasure.  couldn't we, dear.  get down.  why do you need a hair comb.  you'd probably lose it on some silly adventure.  my adventures aren't silly.  yes, they are, and this hair comb is mine, mine, mine, mine.  oh, father.  ..  ready to go to the carnival of tides.  hi, daddy.  ariel took myi did not.  did.  enough.  is this any way for merprincesses to behave.  it most certainly isn't.  i warned you the last timeone more argument, you'd be beached.  we can't go to the carnival.  your majesty, don't do that.  it's done.  ..  but, your majesty, they won't argue again.  it's your fault.  is not.  is, too.  i'm never speaking to you again.  hmm.   come in.  urchin. flounder.  shouldn't you be on your way to the carnival.  we couldn't go without saying goodbye.  don't feel bad.  we'll tell you everythinglike riding on the herringgoround, cruisin' in bumper clams.   oh.  sorry.  i'm so sad you're not going, ariel.  yeah. me, too, flounder.  i just won't go. ) )