 ever think about what this place kids might still be plagued by king morty's depressionera rules.  randall would be a prince.  the ashleys would have gotten away with rating kids.  and library kid might have wrecked the whole playground and herself.  we serve a pretty important purpose in these parts.  um, you guys hey ya, chippy.  what's shaking.  just the second and third graders are about to go to, um, war.  that could pit brother against brother.  or brother against sister.  something must be done.  as usual, it looks like we're this playground's only hope.  let's do it.  mikey, we may need your winger dingers.  anything for the cause of peace.  thanks, michael.  all right. let's move.  it's nice to know we can always count on you guys.  pardon us, kind playmates.  peacekeepers coming through.  yeah, out of the way already.  let's get their leaders and sort things out over some winger dingers.  stay back.  nobody gets in the way of our peace missions.  now move it or lose it, skeens.  hold up, spinelli.  we're on the brink of something special.  finally figure out how to spell your name right.  shh.  young kids and younger kids, follow your leaders.  the troubles are over.   nothing to see here, folks.  war has beenunwarded.  return to your games and fun.  i repeat return to your games and fun.  what in the look.  thanks for giving up your winger dingers.   anything for the cause of peace.  and what's up with that.  those runts really look up to you.  i did teach most of them to swing.  i didn't know those guys were friends.  i can't believe this.  believe it, detwhiner.  i got a crew of my own.  and we can do everything you guys can and more.  get out of here.  no way, la stupid.  i got me a cracked squad of specialists.  he means a crack squad of specialists, but otherwise he's quite correct.  allow me to introduce the crew.  randall our eyes and ears on the playground.  infinitely more valuable than your gus.  ouch.  kurst, once known as the worst.  when it comes to sheer ballast and eating ability, she's more than a match for your mikey.  greg skeens, situations.  in charge of thinking up bad stuff before anyone can do it.  when chased, even faster than your vince.  swinger kid, possible possessor of even greater courage than your spinelli.  well, she ain't afraid of heights.  i, menlo, though no gretchen in the classroom or the lab, will match my singleminded organizational abilities ..anyone's.  egad.  and, of course, lawson is our t.j.  lawson is yourwhat.  t.j.  say goodbye to all that good glory you've been getting.  we're all sick of it.  so now we're swiping it.  guys, do you really think randall is infinitely more valuable than i am.  i can understand if he's a little more valuable he's not more valuable than you at all.  the only thing cracked with lawson's squad is lawson.  and maybe menlo for saying that junk.  lawson may be cracked, but his group is most effective.  they averted a war.  i think it's great there's another group of friends committed to helping out around here.  yeah, they might even be able to give us a tougher game at kickball than lawson's old crew could.  man, chewie and jocko need to practice.  forget kickball.  with lawson helping to keep the playground cool, we can concentrate on business we've been neglecting.  namely, the pulling of pranks.  what you got in mind.  anybody notice what finster's got sitting on her windowsill.  a brandnew cactus.  it isn't just the principal who's prickly these days.  how do you suppose that cactus ..  i don't know, the top of the school.  might code names be required for this caper.  yep.  and walkietalkies.  now, huddle up.  operation roof garden might just be my masterpiece.  lookouts cyclops and dr. oculus check in, please.  clear weather, soaring shark.  repeat clear weather.  no sign of crocodilicus.  repeat no sign of crocodilicus.  tender like steak.  praying mantis, initiate distraction sequence.  aah.  distraction sequence initiated, soaring shark.  excellent.  lady fusion, report on launching device, please.  launching device poised and operational, soaring shark.  repeat launching device poised and operational.  perfect.  jet ray mongoose, begin snatching sequence.  check.  hey, you guys, it's gone.  huh.  what the gadzooks.   i can't believe they beat us to it.   inconceivable.  they're one step ahead of us on everything.  what a regrettable waste of code names.  what's all this, then.  .  don't look at us, crocodilicus.  what did you call me, griswald.   this whomps.  it does seem bitterly unjust.  i can't believe they roofed finster's cactus first.  those laughs and cheers should have been ours.  it's particularly ironic that gus is the one who got detention.  gus needs to remember code names are only for walkietalkies.  if we can't stop wars and we can't pull pranks, i don't know where we fit in this new school order.  i can't think of any new pranks.  i'm supposed to be the prankster prince.  might as well hand my goofy crown and the prestige that comes with it to lawson.  lawson and his crew are good.  i don't even want to play them at kickball anymore.  what are we going to do.  we can fashion instruments out of common garbage and form a rock combo.  are you nuts.  hi, cornchip.  um, the administration has banned chocolate milk.  wait a sec.  this could be our chance.  if there's anything only we can do, it's to rally the kids and reverse an evil policy.  we learned all about peaceful protesting and junk from miss grotke.  we owe it to our mentor and community to go to the art room and start making signs.  we've never committed to a greater cause.  let's go, let's go.  we've got a sugary sweet treat to save.  check this out.  "give me chocolate milk or give me death".  sure you want another meeting with the district counselor.  good point, vince.  better tone it down.  let me see.  "give me chocolate milk ..chocolate milk." that's it.  i'll leave them no choice.  nice save.  now let's get out and picket.   now what's that.  i hear cows.  this is not good.  the appearance of actual cows could confuse our protest by developing sympathy for the very creatures we advocate exploiting for milk.  grab the signs.  we'd better start picketing before this thing is too far gone.  moo.  stop that infernal mooing.  stop it right now, you miscreants.  what an amazingly clever protest.  wonder who came up with it.  who do you think.  look.  all right, fine.  you can have your chocolate milk back.  children: yay.  moo, moo moo, moo moo, moo moo.  fine, fine, fine.  and double chocolate milk on fridays.  children: lawson rules.  lawson rules.  lawson rules. lawson rules.  moo, moo.  what's that supposed to mean.  nice try.  why, you ha ha.   t.j., i'm confused.  what's going on.  they just don't seem to need us anymore.  and last but not least, a royal thanks to you, lawson.  our chocolate milk has been saved.  now please give these selfless new hero kids your thanks.   i can't believe they pulled it off.  hey, knock it off or i'll oh. hi, miss grotke.  bravo. bravo.  that was the most inspired piece of civil disobedience i've ever witnessed.  you can learn from those kids.  recess will never be the same.  it seems we've been replaced.    whaa.  lawson: hang on just one minute.  i just got an idea.    aah.  lawson: now that's more like it.  children of the playground, as you all know, cootie season has arrived.  as a service to you all, we, the ashleys, are offering cooties shots at the small price of $1 per shot every day at recess until this terrible epidemic passes.  i don't want no cooties.  me neither.  remember, having cooties ..  ashleys: scandalous.   don't be caught without your shot.  aah.  spinelli: wonder what lawson and them are up to now.  probably curing hay fever.  hiya, guys.  um, the ashleys are charging people money for cootie shots.  aren't you guys going to make them stop.  what's the point.  cootie shots should be free.  we must act.  mikey's right.  i don't feel like it.  but we have to.  now, come on.  : i can't believe it.  kids are actually paying.  , though cooties aren't real, the power of the mind can often cause children who think they have cooties to experience flulike symptoms and even feel disliked.  those shots should be free to every child.  we  speak up, teej.  i was saying we have to build our own medical stand and more volume, gus.  let me finish, gus.   we need to build our own medical stand and give away get your free cootie shots right here.  cool scrubs.  oh, what's the use.  lawson and his crew really do take care of everything first.   over here.   have no fear.  we kto handle the library kid. oh.  : looks like lawson and his crew took care of another one.  thanks for telling us, anyway.  it was you.  no way. it was you.  alls i know is that we rule.  all: we rule. we rule.  we rule. we rule. we rule.  great shot, gus.  take good care of my steelie, please.  i will, as long as you take care of my cat's eye.  i'm glad you guys are having fun.  i haven't had any fun since lawson and his crew showed up.  you can play marbles with us.  all: nah.  we could all go play in fort tender.  say, that's something we can all enjoy.  what could possibly be more fun than frolicking in a structure that's the product of our own sweat and toil.  nothing, mikey.  now who's with us.  hate to break it to you, but lawson turned it back into fort ford.  and skeens and kurst are defending it.  not only are lawson and his crew ruthlessly efficient, they don't mess around when it comes to forts.  that's weird.  what is, teej.  i'm starting to think the things i like most about recess were solving problems, pulling pranks, and keeping the administration in line.  now we don't get to do any of that stuff.  i'd give my last barnaby boys book to defend our fort or foil an ashley plan one more time.  i think i liked the glory.  getting medals did make me feel pretty good.  i'm with you, teej.  helping out or pulling a prank always felt like winning.  watching lawson and his crew do those things feels like losing, and losing whomps.  i'm as disturbed about being replaced as anyone, but is it possible that we really did all of those things because we wanted glory.  is it possible that we really did good things because they felt like winning.  when you put it that way, gretch, what kind of kids are we.  i'll tell you what kind of kids you are suffering kids.  extramoist news like this must be reported immediately.  i think we're friends.  no kidding, mikey.  no, vince, that's my answer to t.j.'s question.  he asked what kind of kids we are, and i think we're friends.  i think we can all agree that the six of us are friends.  the question remains, though, why are we such glory hounds.  but we aren't glory hounds, or even glory seekers, gretchen.  what on earth are you talking about now, mikey.  you just heard me go on about how we miss the stuff.  so our actions were recognized, but we never took those actions for glory.  we pulled pranks because we're goofy monkey children, and we did good deeds because we like to help.  nothing wrong with helping.  of course not, guys.  and we as a group just can't help helping.  i mean, look at us 's ..  fair is fair. big whoop.  and gretchen's ability ..  it's just a matter of looking at all possible angles.  throw in vince's ..  if you start something, you might as well finish.  and spinelli's ..  a girl's allowed to have spirit.  and gus' sympathy ..  well, i have been an underdog six times.  and i'm sort of a softie.  what else are we supposed to do but share these qualities around the playground.  the glory was never what made us so special.  what makes us special, mikey.  the fact that each of us has five best friends.  five best friends.  each one of us does have five best friends.  ahh, i haven't gotten any glory in hours.  it's almost like there aren't any more problems around here.  nah, there's always problems.  with skeens, kurst, randall, and lawson now solving problems instead of causing them, where do you suppose new problems are going to come from, the sky.  excellent news.  i was just watching t.j.  and his bunch, and guess what.  they're miserable.  how miserable.  real miserable.  i think some of them might even drop out.  that makes me glad i didn't drop out.  this may not get us any glory, but it will give me an excellent chance to gloat, and i am an excellent gloater.  come on, guys, let's check this out.   forget giant robots for a minute.  what if giant monsters attacked town.  i would try to befriend them.  train me one.  are we talking flying giant monsters or nonflying giant monsters.  ones that walk around like this. grr.  okay, teej.  now you're sort of scaring me.   nice try, teej, but that's not how they walk.  check this out.  ..ga...  ..ga.  ..here.   question how come none of our giant monsters have knees.   randall, you liar.  they're having more fun than we are.  i haven't had any fun since we roofed that old lady's cactus.  her name is finster, and i still feel horribly about that.  i'm hungry.  figures.  don't you people ever swing.  hey, organization kid, what's happening to my organization.  my name is not organization kid.  it is menlo, and you're fogging up my glasses.  want to play kickball.  monster style.  we took away your glory.  why aren't you guys miserable.  we don't care about glory.  we're happy being friends.  friends.  don't tell me you people aren't friends.  uh, that boy who doesn't sleep enough is resting in front of the kindergartners' gate, and, uh, now they're trapped.  the longer he keeps them pinned up, the more hyped up those kindergartners are going to get.  they'll swarm over this playground like locusts.  but with hands and feet.  well, lawson, that sounds like a job for you guys.  nice try, dimweiler, but we're going to handle it.  all youse just shut up, and let's free those runts before they mess stuff up.  so, do you guys believe in the loch ness monster.  i sure do.  i'm still waiting for him to wreck a boat.  poor nessie trapped in a loch he never made.   let us out, sleepy man.  me getting very angry.  quiet down, rascals.  i'm resting.  children: let us be.  let us be. let us be.  all right, you sleepyfaced dope, now move it.  watch how you talk to my bud, hat boy.  watch how you talk to your leader, longhair.  leader, schmeader.  i'm camping out with my bud.  them other kids were right about that friends stuff.  yo, skeens, when did you get here.  i'm hitting the cafeteria.  but the cafeteria is closed.  yeah. so.  ooh, i'm telling.  miss finster, miss finster.  let us be. let us be.  this is just too much.  i got to swing.  and so it ends, not with a bang, but with a whimper.  get lost.  i prefer doing my paperwork indoors.  let us be. let us be.  ..ahh...help.  greetings, tykes.  look, it's big boy.  when we saw how things were going with your crew, we thought we'd better check on you.  thanks.  i can't handle this.  mikey, handle this.  don't worry, fellas.  i'll sit you down in the shade of a comfy tree.  sounds most acceptable.  pick out a nice carvin' tree.     hey, you guys.  howdy, lawson.  sorry about your crew.  you guys did some really cool things.  we did everything but make friends.  and i think a kid needs friends more than glory.  maybe a kid needs his old friends.  that's not a bad idea, vince.  hey, guys.  if it isn't the kid who thinks he's too good for kickball practice.  ..  if you'll let me.  i'd like to think it over at kelso's.  all right, all right.  kelso's on me.  i'll see you dopes later.  i'm going to kelso's with my buds.  he's a pain in the neck, but every kid should be as lucky as we are.  kelso has stools for six more.  righteous thought, spinelli.  let's investigate.  so, do you guys believe in bigfoot.  i'm waiting for him to wreck something.  or at least maul a camper.  i need to see some fossils.  must sasquatch be forever hunted.  i'm glad we'll always have those six.  hey, corny, we're going to kelso's. coming with.  um, okay.  captions paid for by abc cable networks group pirates.  ready weapons.  fire cannons.  arr. arr.  wake me when the whale migration's over, .  riding sure beats swimming, mon.  oh, yeah.  isn't it a wonderfully lazy day.  mmm.   ahh.  what's that. what.  that.  your father don't want you going to the surface.   same to you. see you next year.   diddly dee, diddly dum    a seagull's life is lots of fun    i fly and fly and don't know why    i guess that i just like the sky   oh, wowie wow wow.  a dorfburble.  ..  shimmermajigger.  yep. definitely a dorfburble.  a human shimmermajigger.  dorfburble. shimmermajigger.  whathey.  let go of my shimmermajigger.  it's mine, and it's a dorfburble.  dorfburble.  that bird flew off with my shimmermajigger.  ..  dorfburble.  hmm. of all the nerve.  you know what she's talking about.  nope.  ..iii've always been afraid of birds.  they're so weird.  and i hear they eat fish.  and crabs, too, when they're in the mood for gourmet food.  .. spooky, huh.  i don't care.  they're not getting my shimmermajigger.  don't get too close, ariel.  he might eat us.  i can feel his claws scratching my skin and his beak pecking on my tail and his wings flapping in my face.  please. you're making my shell crawl.  hey, bird. gimme back my shimmermajigger.  this dorfburble is of no use to mermaids, sweetie.  it's a bird seat that humans give only to their most favorite birds.  why, yes, i'll take two lumps of birdseed. thank you.  hmm. me. ) )