 man, chasing after fraidycats sure builds up an appetite.  hey, you aren't guru kid.  i'm holding down the blankie till he gets back.  i was hoping for some advice.  oh, well.  i guess i'll just go away.  you're killing me with that look.  what's the prob.  i was supposed to get my sister a birthday present, but i kind of spent all my money on candy.  is that it. sheesh.  just make her something.  do you think that'll work.  i know it'll work.  what are you, in first, second grade.  it works till fifth grade, then youtart coming ross with the loot.  go glue macaroni to construction paper.  thanks for the advice, guru lady.  if he were bigger than me, i'd have to thwack him one for that.  got some answers for a guy who's down on his luck.  you're mistaking me for the kid with the turban.  what is he up to, anyway, retiling the place.  but you gave that other kid advice.  yeah, but oh, brother.  okay, in 10 words or less, what's the problem.  me next, huh, spinelli.  what's more fun than spending your recess telling kids what to do.   ahh, consciousness renewed.  what's this.  you call that a problem.  i've had problems.  that ain't no problem.  it appears the pugnacious one has taken to the blanket.  there you are.  it's about time.  you seem to be right at home.  i'm out of here.  what is it you need, fellow child.  from you. nothing.  spinelli, wait up.  i need some advice.  yo, gus, you going to eat your cornbread.  nah, cafeteria cornbread is so dry, it gives me the hiccups.  you don't know the secret of gelatin jam.  watch and learn.  the standard issue lime gelatin dessert lubes up the cornbread.  mmm. now you try.  i don't want to.  come on. it's good.  trust me.  there you are, spinelli.  thanks again for the ultraswell advice.  forget about it.  you're better than guru kid.  better than guru kid.  what's he talking about.  spinelli filled in for guru kid and rocked the proverbial house.  i watched his blankie.  no biggie.  how about that.  our very own spinelli giving people helpful advice.  come on, teej.  howdy.  i barely recognized you with a smile.  my sister loved her birthday collage.  she said it was her bestest gift.  aw, jeez, cut it out, will you.  have a nice, happy day, advice girl.  what do you know.  maybe i am that good.  mmm, spinelli.  you were right.  this cornbreadisgreat, and no hiccups.  you expected less from advice girl.  here's what you do.  write your book report tonight and tape the "beanie mcchimp" season finale.  then watch it on the weekend at your leisure.  paint it brown. next.  and a one and a two and a aah.  switch to piano lessons.  let's keep it moving, people.   fascinating.  spinelli really seems to have taken to her advice girl role.  but i wonder how guru kid feels about all this.  gee, you think he's mad.  does that look like a mad kid to you.  gus: guru kid's got a shirt on.  this can't be good.  come on.  : guru kid, what are you doing please, i am not guru kid.  today i am jimmy.  there has been a change in the flow of energy.  there is a newone on the playground.  you're okay with that.  sure. why not.  it is recess, after all.  time to try my luck on the slide.  he seems okay with it.  i'm just wondering if i'm going to be okay with it.  boy: what should i do.  girl: what about homework.  boy #2: i need answers now.  of course you can wear it two days in a row.  just don't get hit by a car.  yo, corn chip girl, what gives.  sue bob murphy stole my sack lunch and ate it in front of me.  that ain't right.  chippy, the gutenberg headlock ought to teach sue bob some manners.  it goes something like this.  come at me like you mean to take my lunch.  um, okay.   then corn chip girl put me in a futenberg headlock.  it was horrible.  if chippy tries the gutenberg again, you give her the simple counterthrow.  come at me like you're corn chip girl with a grudge.   children: ooh.  i got to get spinelli to teach me that.  which of you scaredy mama's kids wants to take on the one and only aah.  that's for making fun of my birthday collage, big bully.  if you do what spinelli told you to do to me, i'm going to do what spinelli told me to do to you.  get back here, or i'll really give you something to limp about.  boy: aah.  what's happening to our peaceful little playground.  i got a hunch spinelli's advising kids to start acting all spinellilike about stuff.  a whole playground of spinellis.  the mind reels.  guys, i think it's time to have a word with advice girl.  it's not karate, randall.  it's savate.  it was started by the french, if you can believe that.  just remember the kicks.  gee, thanks, spinelli.   hey, spinelli, got a minute.  my clients don't mind waiting.  some of them won't make a move without me.  now, who's bugging you.  haven't you noticed what's going on around here.  there has been a 43% increase in mixemups since you've been ahem advising kids.  kids are learning to look out for themselves.  i get satisfaction out of helping people.  i don't remember this many kids fighting when guru kid was giving out the advice.  guru kid didn't give kids advice they could use.  no, guru kid didn't give kids advice they could use on each other.  why is everyone lined up in front of me and not him.  now if you'll excuse me.  which one of you monkeys is next.  spinelli's gone over the edge.  we got to do something.  there's only one thing we can do.  we have to tell jimmy that playtime is over.  say hey, jimmy, what's the word.  " i was hoping you could give us some advice.  we need to know what we should do to stop spinelli.  no.  what do you mean, no.  does a wave hit the sand castle before the tide listens to the wind.  it is not time.  perhaps it is time now.  no.  stay away.  apologize, gelman, or i'll savate you into submission.  o artist formerly known as guru kid, surely it's time now.  . la la la la la .  try cutting in line in the cafeteria again, and i'll whack you but good, bully.  guys, if spinelli won't stop advising, and guru kid won't start, it's up to us to help smooth things over around here.   that sandwich is mine.  it's mine.  children, please, shouting and yelling never solved anything.  you should try singing.  . stop .   body slam.  it usually helps things.  that's mine.  here, mikey, hold this a moment.  surely there's a compromise that can be made.  if we split the sandwich in equal parts that's the kid who charged us too much for that lousy sandwich in the first place.  huh. uh, we're closed.  boy: let me at him.   . thank you, gus, good day .  okay, you tykes.  move along.  there's nothing to see here.  get kid with glasses.  no, no. aah.  body slam. body slam.  boy: let me at him.  this is exhausting.  it's like there's 100 new spinellis.  you don't suppose it's time, do you.  good sweet mike, i hope so.  jimmy, is it time yet.  it's total chaos out there.  it is not yet time.  but when, oh, when will it be time.   that doesn't sound too good.  we had a lip gloss fight, just as you advised, and i used my whole tube of precious peach.  you told upsidedown girl to take my dodgeball, and now she keeps hitting me with it.  you taught sue bob murphy how to pick on me again.  now i want a piece of you.  stay back, i tell you.  you can't do this to me.  ii created you.  stop.  ah.  now is the time.   no. aah.  this is not the way.  step aside, skinny.  spinelli's got it coming.  does she. why's that.  did you not all receive the help you sought.  ..  blame not the adviser if one chooses to take her advice.  do we not all have the free will to do as we choose.  why, then, hold her responsible for your actions or yours or yours.  you know, turban boy makes sense.  nobody told us we had to listen to spinelli.  thank you, spinelli, for holding my place.  hey, no sweat.  never ask again.  now let us all consider the aardvark.  note the spelling.  why two a's.   spinelli, you survived.  thanks to you guys.  you sent guru boy to save my hide just in time.  hey, it was time.  it was like guru kid knew all along.  he knew when to step in.  i guess he really does have some genuine wisdom after all.  oh, he's wise, all right.  never give the masses anything they can hold against you later.  i say we play a game.  yeah, unwind a little, but what to play.  spinelli, what would you recommend we play.  do me a favor, gretch.  don't ask me.   as a wise person once said, "you can't judge a book by its cover," and never has nature proved this more pointedly than in the case of the adorable north american horned toad.  because the horned toad has a round body that looks like a frog or toad, it was given the name toad.   um, unlike frogs and toads, which are amphibians, the horned toad is actually a lizard and is found only in dry areas.  excuse me, class.   hello. yes, of course.  yes, i know. the black hat.  yes, of course.  okay, bye, then.  now, about this toad that isn't a toad  3:15 already.  everyone, please enjoy pages 68 to 75 for tomorrow, and i'll see you in the morning.  that was really strange.  yeah, miss grotke never got a phone call in class before.  or run out without asking us if we had any questions.  yeah, and she didn't flash us her usual "2" sign.  that's a peace sign, gus.  clearly, miss grotke's mind is on something else something besides our little school.  the only important place to teachers is their classrooms.  have you ever asked yourself what teachers actually do when school's over.  i thought they sat at their desk till we come back.  nah, i figured they worked out at a faculty gym somewhere.  you think.  curious postulation.  oh, my, oh, my. oh, bummer.  i'm going to be late.  oh, children.  i didn't see you there.  well, i really must run.  peace.  uh, did miss grotke have handcuffs.  yeah, and a handkerchief, too.  talk about your weird.  what could she need those for.  don't know, gretch, but i'm up to here with questions.  i say we get some answers.  hold up. there she is.  boy, miss grotke's always telling us to keep our desks neat, but look how messy her trunk is.  yes, quite peculiar.  peculiar ain't the half of it.  miss grotke gets a call in class, rushes out of school with handcuffs, and now we find her car's a big mess.  grotke's an offbeat undercover cop like on tv.  or maybe she's with the bureau, and that black bag's loaded with hightech contraptions to help her catch aliens.  i bet she got the call to go bust some perps.  she'll slap a red light on top of her car.  but miss grotke is such a sweet, kind, and gentle soul.  let's remember it was miss grotke who taught us not to rush to conclusions about people.  good point, gretch.  what we need is more proof.  let's all meet back here tomorrow morning early.  then we can really start investigating.  one way or another, we're going to uncover the secret life of grotke.  hey, guys, see anything good and suspicious yet.  me and gus have been staked out since 6:28.  all miss grotke's done is clean up the classroom and check papers.  42, she did leave the room briefly for a drink of water.  guys, look.  okay, now this is weird.  yeah, who is that schmendrik.  maybe he's her husband.  i don't believe missgrotke is married.  something's going down.  here we are, g.  i believe this is the item.  thank you, v.  this is exactly what the program calls for.  right, then.  everything is go.  what is that thing.  my guess it's some sort of police box.  whatever it is, it's evidence.  perhaps it contains a disguise.  one of you is right.  i'm almost certain of it.  cheerio.  sticker on the bumper that's the international abbreviation for moldavakia.  where the heck is that.  moldavakia is a former eastern bloc country famous for its luge team, tiny ceramic gnomes, and espionage.  the mysterious phone call, the weird guy from moldyvakia, this creepy fog hanging around the school there's no other explanation.  miss grotke's a spy.  my word.  a fourth grade teacher what a great cover.  i can't believe it.  i won't believe it.  believe it, mikey.  the box with a star for miss grotke'sprogram all the evidence points in one direction spi.  actually, it's spy, makes a rather compelling argument.  but wait a second.  is she one of ours or one of theirs.  in 1988, a consortium of multinational conglomerates founded the free will games, a series of sporting events held every 8 1/2 years to encourage international cooperation and goodwill.  uh, yes, vince.  in these socalled games, you root for the team representing our united states of america, do you not.  of course i do, vince.  all: whew.  so, in that spirit of international cooperation, many nations yes, gus.  you root that way because the u.s.  is the best country in the whole world, right, miss grotke.  that's not necessarily true, gus.  in fact, many countries do far better than the united states.  oh, yeah. name some.  well, historically, scandinavian countries have done quite well.  of course, there's no beating the moldavakian luge team.   i see.  well, guys, it's a tie.  14 for our side, 14 for them.  which means we know as much about miss grotke's loyalties as we did before.  there's one thing we haven't checked out i say we look inside.  if it contains nuclear airplane secrets, we know she's one of them.  if it contains plans for tiny ceramic gnomes, she's one of ours.  well, what are we waiting for.  there it is the answer box.  what if it's radioactive.  then i'd better open it.  i'm wearing a jacket.  wait, friend.  consider for a moment if that box was yours.  would you want someone else to open it.  the security of the free world could be at stake.  the box is property of miss grotke.  who cares.  open it up.  wait, guys.  somebody's coming.  children, why are you in here and not outside enjoying recess.  uh, we, uh, felt like reading.  oh, how refreshing, vincent.  then let's all open our social science textbooks to chapter seven " excuse me, miss grotke.  someone named v.  called for you.  he asked that he meet you at 77 gluklik platz at 3:45 today.  thank you for the message, menlo.  all part of a boy's life.  um, excuse me, children.  i have some things i need to do.  she took the box.  looks like there's only one way to solve this mystery now.  45, all of us are going to be at 77 good luck plates.  , ..  gluklik platz.  ay, guys, we got five minutes before miss grotke's supposed to arrive.  then we'll see what kind of afterhours espionage miss grotke is involved in.  a spy ring in little bavaria.  such deceit in the happiest neighborhood in town.  it can't be.  hey, guys, this is number 77.  gretchen: a used bookstore.  it's got to be a front.  who would go into a used bookstore.  well, actually, i occasionally quick, guys.  secret agent grotke at 10:00.   now's our chance. come on.  password.  um, it's the plumber.  i've come to fix the sink.  it's been fixed. sorry.  now how are we going to get in there.  guys, if you're going to catch a spy, you got to think like a spy.  okay, our cup phone is in position.  now we just wait for another spy to come along, and chaka khan we got ourselves a password.  here comes someone now.  , i'm afraid the transduction capabilities of paper cups and strings simply isn't good enough to man: password.  man #2: swordfish.  amazing.  and now the truth of grotke's double life will be revealed.  password.  swordfish.  i'm not so sure this was a good idea.  if miss grotke is welcome here, i imagine we'll be just fine.  all: aah.  children, excellent.  follow me.  we'll begin at once.  he seems quite nice.  are you crazy.  he was expecting us.  something's definitely up.  everybody, follow my lead.  please, sit down, children.  now what.  uhoh. we're doomed.   you can't make us talk.  we don't know nothing.  man: ladies and gentlemen, presenting the one, the only, mysterious grotke.  thank you, and now for my first trick.   glad we didn't open that box in the classroom.    let's hear it once more for the mysterious grotke.  crowd: grotke. grotke.  grotke. grotke. grotke.  my goodness, what are you kids doing here.  we were going to ask you the same thing, until we figured it out.  you really had us going there, what with the leaving early, the phone calls, the magic box.  and those cool trick handcuffs.  that was truly a great escape.  i almost leapt up to save you.  thank you all.  i'm glad you enjoyed it.  it goes to show you can't judge a book by its cover.  or a horny toad, neither.  one question why be so secretive about your mastery of legerdemain and sleight of hand.  well, gretchen, i've always had a passion for magic, but i never thought i was good enough.  so i thought i'd try out my act here before showing you kids at school.  you've got nothing to worry about, miss grotke.  you're the best magician ever.  i can start using my magic in class, or teaching you kids a trick, like how to do this.  i'd like to propose a toast to the notsomysterious grotke, a neat lady, a loyal american, and a magician part excellence.  , " check, and a heck of a teacher, too.  captions by vitaccaptions paid for by abc cable networks group captions made possible bythe disney channel look at them pearls.  wow. i've got to have them pearls.  but you never go anyplace classy enough to wear pearls.  i don't want to wear 'em.  i just want 'em, see.  oh, yeah. i know that.  announcing the count and countess of columbeboque.  ah, my good friends.  how long has it been.  the last time we saw you, your hair was still red.  and you were not yet a father.  is this ariel.  the last time i saw you, you were no bigger than a minnow.  come look at the twins, ariel.  my, what perfect little angel fish.  tonight, i shall conduct the rite of passage ceremony for your mertwins.  but first, how about a tour of atlantica.  sounds like an ocean of fun.  but we have no babysitter.  i'll take care of them.  why, ariel, that would be wonderful.  ariel, babysitting is hard work.  and that's just with one baby.  oh, daddy, i can do it.  they'll be no trouble at all.  ha ha ha.  ariel, what is going on here.  oh, just babysitting, sebastian.  ah, the clam babies are twins.  ariel, this is no way to handle babies.  you must use the child psychololigy.  use a gentle voice, the caring claw, koocheekoocheecoo.  koocheekoocheekoocheecoo.  ha ha. see. i know how to handle babies.  stop it. hahahaha. babies. babies. no.  keep an eye on them, mr. expert.  i'll get some of my old toys for them to play with.  some old unbreakable toys.  hahahahaha.  hahahaha. no.  flounder, let me tell you the proper way to care for babies.  i came from a very large family.  during the baby boom, my family nearly exploded.  i've been watching babies since i was a baby.  what a cure crab child i was.  with my little claws and big eyes.  how are things going with the children.  just fine.  notice how quiet they are.  aaah. they're gone. ) )