 this is bad, garrison, very bad.  president, but the studies don't lie.  elementary school standardized test scores are falling all across this great land of ours.  other nationstates might get ideas.  i cannot have that, not on my watch.  i was supposed to be the smart president.  recommendations, mr. secretary.  just one, sir cancel recess.  it's a waste of valuable time.  our youngsters could be using those minutes to learn more.  cancel recess, huh.  that's a mighty tall order in an election year.  other nationstates, sir.  all right, do it, but start small.  choose a pilot school to test your theory.  my thoughts exactly, mr. president.  the sal 9000 supercomputer is making a purely random selection as we speak.   oh, shanked it.  this better not be some impertinent parent.  what is it, miss lemon.  the secretary of schools on line one for you.  the secretary of schools.  hello, mr. secretary.  peter prickly here.  you can't see me, sir, but i'm saluting.  listen, prickly, your country needs you.  i always knew this call would come.  i'll be on the next plane to washington.  your country needs you right where you are.  here's the point, prickly.  we believe unnecessary recess is causing test scores to drop.  to find out, we've selected your school to eliminate recess and monitor test scores.  but my school's test scores are already among the best.  don't be dumb, prickly.  i know that, but other people don't.  we'll simply release only the final test results.  that way my program is sure to seem like a smashing success.  secretary, you are a clever man.  : i don't get it, gus.  how could hightension wires protect the town from a giant robot attack.  i'm with teej.  if they're coming, we're toast.  the hightension wires could short the giant robots, causing a giant robotic pileup.  from there, it would be child's pl for our top scientists to fully disable them.  i don't know about the rest of you guys, but i'll be sleeping a whole lot easier tonight.  ditto.  hey, it's recess.  let's run around a little before we have to go back inside.   front and center now.   principal prickly will now address you.  what's prickly want with us.  isn't he usually working in a short game around now.  i just got off the phone with washington, d.c.  we at third street school have been given an opportunity to be part of a grand experiment.  maybe we get to taste test the new expanded lunch menu.  our school has been selected to lead the nation into the future.  we're on the cutting edge of all that is new.  think of yourselves as pintsized pioneers or little moptopped astronauts.  forgive me, principal prickly, are you trying to say is one of us going up on the next space shuttle.  not quite, young lady.  the only place any of you are going is back inside because by order of the secretary of schools, recess is canceled.  no.  yes. congratulations.  now get inside.  uh, let's go.  you heard your principal.  recess is, uh, canceled.   somebody hold me.  operation recess recall is begun.  oh, that's right.  there won't be a bell.  there's no recess.   man, this whomps.  i say we rise up and take back the 40 minutes a day that's rightfully ours.  yeah, teej.  you've got to have a plan.  not this time, guys.  normally i don't mind bending a few rules, but this time you're asking me to be unpatriotic, and that i will not do.  excuse me.  can we help you.  no, ma'am.  he's agent barnes, i'm agent noble.  and we're here to test you.  class, the man is here to test you.  books and papers off your desks.  it's time for your first standardized test.  take one test and pass them back.  number 2 pencil only.  number 2 pencil only.  uh, can i use a pen.  " you mean to tell me you do this all day long.  keep the chatter down, muriel.  some of us have work to do around here.  they're just keeping me around for window dressing.  iam the window dressing.  yo, vince, are you going to take these.  sorry, spin.  i was just thinking about that sweet boowah sound my foot makes when i make contact with the kickball.  thank you.  we'll administer another test tomorrow.  back to your studies.  well, class, i was thinking perhaps today we could study the laws of physics ..  the playing of paper football.  tender.  agreed.  even i can't metabolize a full week of study without recreation.  miss grotke, a word, please.  why, yes, of course and bring the paper football.  excellent.  five days of no recess, and test scores are holding steady.  peters, this plan of mine was a masterstroke.  you're really going places, sir.  turn it off, peters.  you can't have another promotion.   excuse me, kid.  i guess.  uh, bathroom break.  the faculty restroom has been sealed shut.  good grief, man.  we teachers need time to sit and do nothing.  not on the taxpayers' dime you don't.   secretary, i have here the second week's results of operation recess recall.  i don't have time to read through all that.  cut to the charts.  yes, sir. of course, sir.  hmm, attendance is good, weather seems to be holding.  what's this black line descending at such a steep angle delinquency.  those are the test scores, sir.  show this data to no one.  we've got to get those scores back up before anyone gets wind of this and mistakenly blames me for it.  get noble and barnes on the blower.  tell them to get to the bottom of this.  thank you. next.  please have a seat.  i'm going to ask you a few questions.  i can answer questions.  your test scores are going down.  why do you think.  think.  too many little boxes.  not enough time.  i'm sorry.  i don't understand your question.  number 2 pencil only, please.  number 2 pencil only.  something missing.  something missing.  what's missing.  note that the subject is pointing at the window.   wind or air.  you need air.  fffun.  less boxes, less pencils.  ..fff...  you need to go to the boys' room.  running.  you want running.  fffreedom.  i'm sorry.  i don't understand your question.  ffffriends.  nothing.  the lousy runts gave us no answers.  actually, sir, i thought they shed some light on how we might improve the test scores.  we should give them what they think they need time in the day during which they run around, breathe fresh air, and whatnot.  that gives me an idea.  get those goldbrickers at the think tank busy.  and using the data gathered by our agents, i have personally developed a new pilot program to test at third street school, a program i'm convinced will bring those test scores up to an alltime high.  i'm intrigued, garrison.  you have two minutes.  show me the magic.  my plan calls for short periods of outdoor time during which the students are free to do as they please.  ..  wait a minute.  that seems to spell something.  precisely, sir reckess.  that's the name of my daring new pilot program.  but will it work.  it has to, for the children.  i'm sorry, class.  it seems i've taught you everything i know.  let's review.  test time, citizens.  you know what to do.  you know what to do.  do you go here.  i don't know.  ..fff...   do you have to do that.  i'll do as i please.  i've just about had it with you.  you're driving me plum loco.  then maybe it's go time.  don't let your mouth write a report card your body can't sign.   yeah. hold on.   principal prickly, secretary of schools on one.  secretary yes, sir, i do love my job.  yes, sir, i am proud that we've been chosen to lead the way with how did you say it,reckess.  brilliant, sir.  this could only have come from washington.   attention, third street school.  this is principal prickly speaking.  put down your number 2 pencils and go outside.  reckessbegins now.  that is all.  was that god.   ii'm running.  i'm running.  free. we're free.  basketball.  hey, vince, where have you been lately.  i'm not sure.  play some hoops.  president, i'm happy to report test scores at third street are up with a vengeance.  boy, thatreckessidea of mine turned out to be a real winner, didn't it, garrison.  they don't call you the smart president for nothing, sir.  announcer:" the ultimate thrill ride through the world of disney.  it's a beautiful winter's day, and there's nothing like a little skiing.  oh, hey, buddy, watch out where you'reblam. going.  from this point on, it's all downhill.  ooh, talk about hitting the slopes.  well, i hope he's got a good dentist.  now let's rewind and check out where it all went wrong.  see, right here he's having a hard time seeing where he's going.  whoa, looks like somebody's a tree hugger.  he's wishing he stayed on the bunny slope.  he must be into yogathat's some downward facing dog.  would you like a little ice with your face.  let's try that again with something a little easier.  oh, yeah, a giant ski jump makes sense.  for some reason, he's looking way too confident, but i think he should call his mommy.  oh, yeah, i think he got it.  that looks right.  whoa. let's freeze that.  that's what i call freestyle skiing.  but seriously, this is like the longest ski jump ever.   so remember, don't try this at home, "  wow. what a set of lungs.  maybe you shouldn't have finished your milk first.  aren't you going to need it for your peanut butter sandwich.  i couldn't help myself, guys.  i love chocolate milk.  whoever thought of putting candy in milk was a genius.  an evil genius.  be right back.  let's see.  chocolate milk.  chocolate milk.  here we go.  come to papa.  ..  hey, my parents were on vacation in hawaii, and all i got was this shirt.  aah.  noodles.  down, sir, down.  food fight.  let's take 10, harriet.  . these shoes were new .  bogeys at 12:00.  aah.  aah.  a food fight.  ..  a little later.  my large 8 is intact.  good work, boys.  everyone all right.  all right.  this is better than swapping desserts.  where's gus.  look.  gus, gus, are you all right.  i was just getting milk, and i saw it.  saw what.  i saw who started the food fight.  what, are you sure.   stop this food fight now.  that's better.  miss finster, they were all throwing food, every one of them.  not to worry, randall.  i'll see they pay for it.  look at this mess.  i'd call you a pack of wild animals, but even wild animals don't throw food, except for monkeys, but you're not monkeys, are you.  no, you're children, children who act like monkeys.  hank will pass out towels and mops, and you will clean up this mess.  ohho, yes.  too tough, am i.  well, there's more.  from now on, there will be no recess no recess, that is, until i catch the hooligan who's responsible for starting this calamity.  i'm sure one of you must have seen who started it.  ..  so that's the way it's going to be, huh.  you can all just stay in here together and clean until someone spills the beans figuratively speaking, that is.  i got more food on me from cleaning than i did from battle.  i could end this if i just told on don't say it, gus.  but you don't understand.  gus, don't say it.  that would make you a tattletale.  yeah, and being a tattletale is against the kids' unwritten code of honor.  are you sure.  i mean, it is unwritten.  not anymore.  behold, the code has now been issued on this convenient and durable laminated reference card.  "tattletale go to jail.  stick your head " it's pretty clear, all right.  but what if you saw a kid stealing something from a store or some guy being mean to a dog or robots from outer space fixing to blow up kelso's or gus, it's a food fight we're talking about.  you've got to keep your mouth shut no matter what.  no matter what.  ..  great guru kid, i am in need of your advice.  it's about the truth.  ah, truth.  truth is like a bird, lively and beautiful when set free.  if you know the truth, you should tell it.  of course.  gee, thanks.  i can't wait to get truth off my chest.  ..  are you nuts.  you don't go around spouting truths like that.  you said set the bird free.  not that kind of bird.  lock it in a cage.  throw away the key.  we will not speak ..   attention, miscreants.  you've been cleaning for over an hour already, and no one's come forward to squeal.  'cause we've got the code.  you may be strong in a group.  we'll see how you hold up to individual interrogations.   we will start in alphabetical order beginning with adam able.  oh, man, i'm always first.  why couldn't i have been born zedadiah zwick.  next.   next.  next.  care for a soda, randall.  gee, thanks, miss finster.  don't mind if i do.  i need you to do me a little favor.  somebody out there knows more than they're admitting.  find out who it is.  you got it, miss finster.  as always, it's a pleasure working with you.  it's only a matter of time.  i'm scared, guys, really scared.  gus, there's nothing to worry about.  i got called, mikey got called.  we made it through.  but you guys don't know who did it.  i'll crack the minute finster asks a question.  try doing what i do.  just think about chocolate.  chocolate.  whenever i'm scared, i think about chocolate, and my fears melt away.  i do love chocolate.  use it.  thanks, mikey.  i'll just keep thinking about chocolate.  it's working already.  next.  no, you'll never make me tell.  there's a code, an unbreakable kid code.  a code, eh.  let's see if we can't crack it.  forget the alphabet, sonny.  you're next.  you know, gus, i can be a powerful enemy or your best friend.  do you want to be my friend, gus.  you mean like play kickball.  so you're going to be clever with me, huh.  it was detweiler who fired those first mashed potatoes, wasn't it.  of course it wasn't detweiler because it was spinelli.  was it lasalle.  in a loyal mood.  i can be loyal, too.  for those who won't be loyal i can make things rough recess canceled for the slightest drizzle, weed patrol, mandatory maypole celebrations and traditional ..  think chocolate.  use it. use it.  a pop quiz every 10 minutes.  i could outlaw hallway passes forever.  the nurse could keep her thermometer in the refrigerator.  yummy, yummy, nougat.  ..  delicious.  force you to play bridge, trim the hedges.  smooth and, oh, so luscious.  there was a fly on the table.   that must be the boys from downtown.  the boys from down who.  hey, muriel.  did you get it.   he's sure been in there a long time.  we shouldn't have let him go in there.  we should have hid him.  you okay.  did you crack.  back off. give him air.   this investigation is officially closed.  thanks, boys.  i've i.d.'d the perp.   ..  randall weems.  no, i didn't mean to do it.  it was an accident.  the mashed potatoes slipped out of my hand.  i'm very disappointed in you, randall my own little weasel gone bad.  my world is shaken.  griswold, you ratted me out.  you're a tattletale, you hear.  a tattletale.  so griswold told.  yeah, that's it.  it was griswold.   no, i didn't tattle.  i swear.  the code's clear, sir.  "tattletale go to jail.  stick your head " someone get me a pail.  hey, leave gus alone.  even if he did tattle.  but i really didn't.  finster: stop.  unhand that boy.  we'll get you later, griswold, when your girlfriend's not around.  cute, jerome, but this boy told me nothing.  poor randall was fingered by science.  girl: by science.  i don't get it.  it's quite simple, actually.  my first break in the case came toward the beginning of the investigation.  i had to visit the scene of the crime.  there i discovered my first real clue a mashed potato fingerprint.  using this clue, i formulated a brilliant plan to lure my prime suspect to the soda machine and make him an offer he couldn't refuse.  now it was up to the boys in the district crime lab.  yep, it's spuds, all right.  once the boys in brown confirmed my suspicions, i knew it was poor misguided randall who had thrown the first volley.  i had no choice but to send him over.  fascinating story, but not logical.  i mean, if gus didn't tattle on randall, what made him your prime suspect in the first place.  because, missy, although gus didn't tell me anything, he was just about the only kid who didn't.  what.  that's right.  except for you and your socalled friends, every kid who walked in sang like a lovestruck canary.  kids' code of honor ha.  what a joke.  i can't believe it.  after all what i went through, you all told anyway.  hey, it was losing recess she was talking about.  yeah, and that cleaning was, like, ruining my nails.  but what about not tattling.  what about the kids' code of honor.  it appears, gus, that tattling, like life, isn't all black and white.  apparently, sometimes it's okay to tell and sometimes it's not.  but that means the code is all wrong.   how dare you besmirch the code.  it's a timehonored tradition.  it's never wrong.  according to the code, since all you guys tattled, you've all got to get thrown in the garbage pail.  interesting point, but since we don't have nearly enough pails, everyone is pardoned.   wait.  there's still one thing i don't get.  i'm the only one who had a clear view of randall.  so how did all you guys know he started the fight.  as the river flows, so inexorably flows the truth.  okay, so i blabbed.  captions by vitaccaptions paid for by abc cable networks group you're getting good at this, flounder.  thanks, ariel. watch this one.  i hope the king's in a good mood.  sometimes he's crabbier than i am.  flounder, no.  sebastian, look out.  aah.  hey. get me out of this thing.  oh. ooh.  triton would've been mad if i'd smashed his righthand crab.  that's true.  the king counts on me, like his fingers.  i'd better get to the palace.  the king can't find his crown without me.  whoa.  sebastian must be the most important crab in the whole kingdom.    hear ye, hear ye.  first on the agendathe semiannual cleaning of the crown.  i'll get that for you, your highness.  the royal crown can never be too clean, i always say.  whoops.  aah.  next on the royal agendapolishing the royal trident.  oh. allow me, sire.  wait. no.  aah.  proceed.  next on the royal agendathe sharkanian problem.  my greatest wish is to make peace with the sharkanians.  i've been searching everywhere for an expert on sharkania.  he would be my most prized advisor. ) )