 what are you guys doing here.  i got to go to the bathroom.  so you got to let him in.  sorry. can't help you.  come on, spinelli, open up.  what are you guys really doing here.  we want some answers.  what are the questions.  can i go to the bathroom.  number one, what's the deal with your folks.  could you please not say "number one".  why don't they ever come to parents' night.  none of your business.  come on, we're your friends.  okay, i'll tell you, but you got to promise not to tell anyone.  my old man is a secret agent.  the old lady, too.  that's it. we're going in.  wait. wait. all right, i give.  i'll let you meet my parents.  but not now.  i'll bring 'em to parents' night.  no deal.  hold on.  that seems fair.  i can't hold on.  see you on parents' night.  mikey, there's a gas station about five blocks from here.  mikey: five blocks.  see you guys later.  me and my big mouth.  this is the deal of a lifetime.  this thing's got genuine swiss movement.   all: scandalous.   all: scandalous.  glad you could make it.  your son and/or daughter is a great asset to our school.  glad you could make it.  your son and/or daughter is a great asset to our school.  mom, dad, this is miss grotke.  wheat grass juice.  carob cookies.  wheat grass. carob.  ceratonias siliqua processed into a snack food.  ah.  you made this, a whoopie cushion.  it was my science project.  that's my boy.  ha ha ha.  ha ha ha.  not a speck of dust.  nice job, soldier.  rage, rage against the dying of the light.  it's so beautiful.   oh, there, there, little fella.  anybody seen spinelli.  no sign of her yet.  she chickened out.  guys, look.  you must be the spinellis.  that's right, sugar.  i'm your daughter's teacher, miss grotke.  care for a cookie.  that's disgusting.  give me something to kill the taste.  anybody got a brew.  i'll see what i can do.  spinelli.  mom, dad, i'd like you to meet my friends.  dad, show my pals that thing you do.  yeah, sure.  check it out, dudes.  wow.  he can pop a wheelie on his chopper, too.  i wasn't able to find any brews, but i did track down some root beer.  well, it's better than nothing.  wow, your mom and dad are great.  why were you hiding them.  i wasn't sure what you guys would think.  they're the coolest parents here.  i'm glad you brought them, spinelli.  gee, thanks, guys.  kid, can we talk to you a minute.  it's been real, but we got to blow.  but the party just started.  we had a deal.  sorry, squirt. time's up.  we'll take our payment and split.  hey, keep it down, will you.  no offense, spinelli, but i've changed my mind about you having cool parents.  now we know why you didn't want to bring them.  you guys don't understand.  those weren't my parents.  i met them in the parking lot at the speedy mart and paid them to say they were.  but why, spinelli.  because my real parents, they embarrass me, okay.  so.  what do you mean, so.  everyone's parents embarrass them.  it's a scientific fact.  parents have a unique ability to be a neverending source of humiliation.  my parents aren't like yours.  they're worse.  how bad can they be.  woman: sweetheart, there you are.  oh, no.  oh, pookie, we were worried about you.  i got lipstick all over your face.  let me clean that off.  no, mom, please.  there must have been some sort of mistake.  we wouldn't even have known about parents' night if your mom hadn't found this note.  this can't be happening.  these must be your little friends.  you must be mickey and vance and gretel and russ, and you must be b.j.  he's the one our honey bunny has the crush on.  would you kids like to see pictures of my little princess when she was just a baby.  just look at her, her little fanny in the air.  why me. why me.  hello. may i help you.  you must be miss grabkey.  we're the spinellis.  both: bob and flo.  you're mr. and mrs. spinelli.  you thought we'd be betterlooking, what with our little beauty queen here.  we're so proud.  she just stopped wetting the bed.  aah.  oh, honeybunch.  princess, come back.  i guess we finally know why she was embarrassed.  mind if we join you.  sure. pull up a roof.  we talked to your friends.  they explained to us why you didn't tell us about parents' night.  we know we embarrass you, but there's something important we want to say.  we forgive you.  youforgiveme.  someday you're going to feel bad about being so embarrassed by us.  we just want you to know we understand how you feel.  how could you possibly understand how i feel.  we were kids once ourselves.  my dad used to embarrass me so much, i'd lie about him all the time.  but grandpa dave was a navy s.e.a.l.  don't remind me.  the thing is, honey, no matter how much we embarrass you, no matter how uncool you think we are, we're always going to love you because you're our daughter, and we're your parents.  well, see you back at home, sweetie.  wait.  there's still a halfhour left of parents' night.  well, come on, then.  want to hear something funny.  a couple of days ago, i was so embarrassed of you guys, i told my friends you were secret agents.  ha ha ha ha.  ha ha ha ha.  secret agents.  oh, you kidder.   go on down, you two.  i'll catch up.  ha ha ha ha.  003, this is agent 006.  received your signal. over.  man: we have nternational emergency.  h.q. wants you and 005 back here immediately.  the fate of the world is on your shoulders.  the fate of the world will have to wait.  it's parents' night.  but but, 006.  locationwith lovato to talk about the new radio disney jams 12 cd,out now, featuring a never beforereleased jonas brothers song and some of today'shottest artists singing today's biggest hits,like demi.  so what's it like having your song here we go againon the cd.  it's definitely an honor to be a part of theradio disney jams 12cd.  . 'cause here go, go, go again .  so what are some of your favorite songs on the cd.  battlefieldby jordin sparks.good one.  um, and also i lovewho i am by nick jonas& the administration.  . for who i am .  who i am,a song i didwith the administration, a side projectthat i worked on this year, andgive love a try, and that's fromthe tv showjonas.  it's never been released before, so i'm so glad people finally get to hear it on this cd, and hopefully they like it.  radio disney jams 12 has 16 songs, includingparty in the usa from miley cyrus.  . it's a party in the usa .  radio disney jams 12 has a feature called unlock more rock, which includes exclusive acoustic video performances of a few songs.  what songs are those.  the songs arewho i am andlast time around, two songs that are a lot of fun to play live.  . last time around .  last time around andwho i am, why do you think those make good acoustic songs.  because they were both written on the acoustic guitar.  so the original vibe is there, and you get the sense of that excitement, i feel like, in the performance as well.  radio disney jams 12 is out now.  for more, listen to radio disney, and go to radiodisney.com.  and that's what's on your disney music playlist on disney channel.  oh, basket, basket, basket.  oh, basket, basket, basket.  oh, basket will you stop that.  i got to do my basket chant.  it's his ritual.  ritual, schmitual.  you throw the ball.  it either goes in, or it doesn't.  she's doing it.  who's doing what.  the swinger girl she's going to go over the top of the swing set.  she's doing it right now.  oh, boy.     i've never seen her swing this high before.  maybe she's really going to do it this time.  she is. i can feel it.  she's going to shatter the rules of gravity, boldly go where no kid has gone before.  she's tried going over the top a million times.  this is just going to be million and one.  children: swing.  swing. swing. swing.  this is it.   ..  ..  she didn't make it.  once more our hopes have been dashed on the rocky shore of reality.  can we just go home now.  poor swinger girl.  i feel so bad for her.  oh, come on, what did you guys expect.  she didn't do it 'cause nobody can.  let's just forget about it.  hey, where's my basketball.  oh, man, i must have left it back on the playground.  you guys go ahead.  i'll catch up.  a kid going over the top.  it just wasn't meant to be.   guys. guys.  guys, i saw her.  she did it.  swinger girl went over the top.  but, spinelli, that's impossible.  well, she did it, okay.  come on.  it was amazing, you guys.  amazing.  i was stooping down to pick up my ball when all of a sudden, i saw her.  she was right over she was right here a minute ago.  where is she.  i don't know.  unless she really did break on through to the other side.  yeah, that's it.  when she went over, she must have disappeared into one of those other dimension thingies.  spinelli, i think you're getting carried away.  this can all be explained scientifically.  no, you're wrong.  she's gone, you guys, gone, and she's not coming back.   : anybody seen swinger girl.  the kids said she never showed up for roll today.  there's got to be some logical explanation.  pardon me.  excuse me.  everyone, please move back and away from the swing.  i repeat, back and away from the swing.  thank you.  spinelli, what are you doing.  hello, theodore.  i'm preserving this special area so it will never again be trampled upon by the feet of my fellow kids.  after all, this is where it happened.  this is the swing that carried my swinger girl over the top.  no one must ever play on this swing again.  hey, neat, a free swing.  didn't you hear what i just said.  why, i ought to but i won't.  she wouldn't have wanted me to.  just don't get on the swing, okay, kid.  yes, ma'am.  there's a good fellow.  spinelli, are you feeling all right.  of course i am, vincent.  why do you ask.  normally you would have just clobbered that kid.  clobbered.  ha ha ha ha.  oh, no, my friends, that was the old spinelli.  the new spinelli clobbers no one.  from this day forward, i shall live my life as swinger girl lived hers never hurting anyone, never causing trouble.  farewell, my friends.  i must tell the entire playground what i have seen.  this is real bad.  she's completely delusional.  i know spinelli better than anybody.  by tomorrow morning, she'll be back to normal.  spinelli: and so, my friends, always try to remember the lessons the great swinger girl taught us never swing too hard until you're ready to jump, never look down until you're all the way back, and always, always keep trying to go over the top because, friends, if you don't try, you'll never make it.  poor spinelli, making a fool of herself in front of the entire student body.  yeah, and she's not even making any sense.  if she's not making any sense, why are those kids listening.  who'd be nutty enough to take her seriously.  mikey, what are you doing in that hat.  helping spinelli.  ever since she saw swinger girl go over the top, she's been making a lot of sense.  hello, brother michael.  have you brought the special headgear.  yes, o great spinelli.  here they are.  let it be known from this day forward, any kid who wants to follow swinger girl's teachings gets a free hat.  i'll take one.  over here.  yeah.  i can't believe spinelli and mikey won't eat lunch with us.  spinelli has special business to attend to.  : special business, huh.  i'm going to find out what's so special about it.  it is said that swinger girl never waited until dessert to eat a cookie and never finished a meal before drinking all her milk.  spinelli, can i talk to you.  not now, theodore.  but it's important.  oh, sweet, gentle theodore, you only think it's important, but what we are doing has true significance.  we are trying to reconstruct the way swinger girl ate her lunch.  ..  gretchen: okay, so mikey and spinelli don't want to associate with us.  we can get a game of kickball going with other kids.  oh, yeah.  well, check this out.   no need to push.  everyone will get a turn.  i heard about a kid who wanted a new bike, made a wish at the swing, and got one.  i heard about a kid who could only get c's.  he touched the swing.  he's been getting a's since.  i'm going to wish for new skates.  i'm going to wish for a puppy.  move along. move along.  keep it going.  spinelli, what are you doing.  isn't it wonderful.  kids from the playground have come to experience the swing.  mikey, think you could get me cuts.  i've always wanted a pony.  sixth graders.   great, king bob's coming.  spinelli, don't say anything.  if king bob hears you talking like this, who knows what he'll do.  which of you fourth graders is spinelli.  i am.  i hear you've been telling kids that swinger girl went over the top and disappeared.  now a bunch of kids don't want to play games anymore.  they just stand around wearing funny hats.  i got just one thing to say.  i take a size 7.  kids:..  : i don't believe this.  every kid is into this swinger girl stuff except us.  it's as if the entire school has abandoned reason.  at least we know the truth, right, vince.  i'm thinking.  what.  maybe swinger girl really did go over the top.  maybe she did swing on through to the other side.  not you, too.  it can't get any worse than this.  hey, guys, she's doing it.  who's doing what.  spinelli's going over the top, and she's doing it right now.  and so, my friends, as i leave you, remember to live as swinger girl lived.  when you walk to school, always take two steps forward and one step back.  it'll take you longer, but you'll see more of the world.  what are you doing, man.  preparing to follow my swinger girl into the next dimension.  you could get yourself killed.  hey, it's a chance she's got to take.  swing on through to the next dimension.  will you guys quit that.  it didn't happen, okay.  oh, but it did.  i saw it with my own eyes.  there she was, swinging higher, higher.  finally she reached the very top of the swing set and disappeared into a blinding light.  that could have been the sun in your eyes.  oh, no, gretchen, my poor simple gretchen, it was swinger girl breaking through the barrier.  how do you know.  i know because i know.  there's only one way to know something by your senses, from what you see, hear, smell, and feel.  there is another way to know by what's in here.  what's in here tells me that swinger girl did go over the top.  she swung on through to the other side.  she's never coming back.   see you later, mom.  hi.  swinger girl, is that you.  hey there, spinelli.  but i thought you went over the top and disappeared.  over the top.  oh, you mean last week.  no, almost made it, but then my mom showed up.  so i jumped off and went home.  where have you been.  on vacation.  it was the only time my dad could get off work.  got this real neat plastic statue of liberty.  but that means none of it was true.  here's your dumb hat, spinelli.  yeah, thanks for nothing.  but but i was sure.  i was so sure.  you okay, spinelli.  it's just i guess i wanted to believe so bad that i got carried away.  you guys must think i'm a real idiot.  on the contrary, we're impressed.  impressed. why.  some of what you said was kind of out there, but a lot was really cool.  like never hurting the guy next to you.  and never giving up no matter what.  those are really good ideas.  well, maybe.  listen, if you guys don't mind, i think i'd like to be alone for a while, okay.  sure, spinelli.  we'll see you later.  never give up trying to go over the top.  hmmph. yeah, right.  hey, swinger girl, mind if i join you.  sure. pull up a swing.   captions paid for by abc cable networks group slow down, ariel.  rraah.  rraah.  i said "slow down".  i meant hurry up.  oh, flounder, don't be such a scaredycatfish.  but, ariel, this is a wilderness.  anybody who comes here is really, really foolish.   hiho      nobody knows, but we're rarin' to go      nobody knows, 'cause we're followin' him    cut that out.  oof.  we are not going anywhere, 'cause we're already here.  ..  this is where we'll make camp.  wow.  camp. all right.  yay. yes.  last one to build a shelter's a rotten turtle egg.  crab scouts.  that is not the proper procedure.  you must go by the crab scout manual.  ..  "before making camp, a crab scout must recite " "crab scouts, crab scouts, "crustacean explorers are we.  "we lend a helping claw "  chokes me up every time.  that's where archimedes lives.  yeah. see.  i told you it wasn't far.  then why are my fins tired.  i can't wait to give archimedes this biggermajigger for his collection.  say, uh, ariel.  let me take a peek.  rraah.  aah.  why does archimedes live way out here.  i'm archimedes' only friend, flounder.  merpeople don't want to be around him.  what's wrong with archimedes.  merpeople don't like archimedes because he's like me.  he wants to know about humans.  archimedes knows more about humans than anybody under the sea.  i have many questions.  drop anchor.  furl the sail, mates.  tie off that boon.  look alive.  there she is, penny.  we'll discover a whole new world under the sea.  i've heard tales of fantastic creatures who live down there.  the question is, are they mythical or do they really exist.  if they do, imagine the stories we'll tell.  ah, ariel, what a nice surprise.  hi, archimedes.  .. another surprise.  this is my friend flounder.  hi.  i brought you somethinga biggermajigger.  .. a human's telescope.  telewhat.  how does he know about biggermajiggers.  ..never mind.  i know some human words.  ..  ..  and those are called anchors.  gee, i always thought they were fishing hooks for really big fish.  some things i have no idea what to call.  this, for example.  it's a storage device humans use " coins.  humans carry coins so they can jingle.  hmm.   ..  met a human.  yes.  i brought food to shipwrecked humans.  what were they like.  well, they kept rubbing their eyes and staring at me strangely.  why.  they think merpeople are a myth.  a myth.  believe it or not, they think we only exist in their imaginations.  oh. if only we could show them atlantica.  oh, yeah.  king triton would love that ) )