 all one has to do is multiply the integers by "y," divide the result by pi, and the answer should be no, no.  is there a problem, gretchen.  notaproblem, miss grotke, theproblem the integral equation that grounded gretchen grundler.  if you put the problem on the board, i could help.  excellent idea, miss grotke.  it seems simple at first a mere quadratic equation but then there's this noneuclidian twist.  there. any insights.  well, uh, gee, maybe someone else in the class has an idea.   yeah, right, miss grotke.  you kill me.   there's got to be a solution to our problem.  correction, gretchen your problem.  i got a problem of my own.  how do i get this maul ball into the hands of someone i can smear.  let's see.  problem solved.     my problem it's solved.  well, look at that.  someone figured out the answer to gretchen's problem.  miss grotke, it was me.  i solved your problem there.  phillip, how wonderful.  why don't you show us how you worked it out.  uh, know what.  i was just lying.  but if phil didn't solve gretchen's math problem, who did.  gretchen, you know that bell that rang a while ago.  it means you can leave.  it's just my math problem is solved perfectly.  somewhere in this school is my mathematical soul mate, but for some reason, he or she is hiding from me.  well, if you want to get your math mouse, you need a big piece of math cheese.  if that doesn't tantalize a mathematically gifted individual, i don't know what will.  someone's coming.  it's randall.  imagine within that weaselly exterior beats the brain of a genius.  what have we here.  vince keeps gum in his desk.  miss finster will be pleased to know about this.  ha ha ha ha.  why, that little creep.  let it go, vince.  tomorrow at dodgeball not going to be pretty.   math. yecch.  glad school is behind me.  now, where's lasalle's desk.  that kid's usually good for a stick of the sweet stuff.  empty. drat.  i have to waste money on the vending machine.  it's no use, t.j.  i'm afraid this stakeout idea just isn't going to work.  shoot, it's only hank.  sorry, gretchen.  we tried.  i guess we'll never find your mathematical soul mate.  gretchen: i should take out an ad in the paper or post a notice on alt.theoretical.mathematics.  spinelli: or you can forget about math like normal kids do.  holy moly. look.  gadzooks. he's right.  hank the janitor is a genius.  what are you kids doing here.  hank, you solved the equation in five seconds flat.  a janitor who knows math what's up with that.  are you a spy.  or an alien.  a spy. an alien.  no, i just like math.  sometimes the teachers leave these problems on the boards, and i solve them for fun.  you mean fun like infun.  yep, nothing more fun than a good hard math problem.  well, you kids take her easy.  well, another case solved.  who's up for sweetnfrosties at kelso's. i'm buying.  i'm in.  you guys go ahead.  there's something i need to attend to.  excuse me, hank.  i know you're very busy, but i was wondering if i could talk to you.  mopping leaves my ears free.  i was wondering if you'd like to join my club.  club. what kind of club.  a mathematics club a meeting place for frank and open discussion of math theories, algebraic formulas, exponential functions.  that sounds like a real gasser.  we can meet in the boiler room after school.  i got a blackboard and chalk there.  i can't wait to tell the others. see you tomorrow.  child prodigies gotta love them.  gretchen: so you're saying the formula for "a" is based on the definition of area in terms of an integral, i.e. unlimited sums.  bingo, and the formula for "c" uses the definition of arc length given a continuously differentiable curve.  guys, is this great or what.   man, that was harsh.  i hate midday naps.  i'm not going to be able to sleep until 9:00.  hey, guys, great news.  hank says we can meet every day after school, even lunch hour.  i can't take another minute in the cold, unyielding world of numbers.  but, mikey, i don't understand.  we helped you find your genius.  we even joined the math club in theory.  we belong with fresh air and asphalt.  far be it from me to force my friends to endure something antithetical to their very nature.  uh, yeah, glad you understand.  i hope you guys won't feel hurt if i throw myself into the mathletes it's okay, gretch.  we'll miss you, too.  go numinate denomerators.  we'll be okay.  thank you, t.j.  you're a good friend.  abstract fractals, here i come.  you don't know what you're missing.  hank and i are having a verifiable hoot.  hello, fellow mathronaut.  the fingerpaint spill i cleaned up this morning looked just like a mandelbrot pattern.  that's rich, but get a load of this i ran those numbers i ate 10 puddings.  i ate 10 puddings.  i am the pudding king.  iii think i'm going to be sick.   i could see that coming.  got to go clean the hall.   you know, guys, i just don't get it.  hank may possibly be the smartest, most talented person i've ever met, and yet here he is, working as a janitor.  it saddens me to think the world will never know the singular genius that is hank.   if you'll excuse me, i need to be alone.  with that hyperactive noodle in his noggin, hank should be out making righteous bucks.  but before he can make righteous bucks, he's got to get a righteous job.  how's he going to get a job like that if nobody knows he's a genius.  my disinterested genx cousin toby runs a website.  i say we put hank's notes on the internet and see if anybody's interested.  hey, it's worth a try.  upside down girl's swinging ponytail describes a curve on the euclidian plane of the playground.   are you hank the genius.  uh, yes.  i am professor whittlestein from the university.  i saw your web page.  if you are as talented as your equations indicate, you would flourish in our math department.  web page. math department.  i don't get it.  he's offering you a job, hank.  think of it as play, and your toy will be our massive supercomputer housed in its own building.  i call her pippi.  wow, what a fella couldn't do with one of those.   aah.  an a72 ton of glory mole vehicle.  are you hank the genius.  mister, your country needs you.  i'm just a simple janitor, sir.  a janitor who's a genius.  if you think cracking codes and blowing stuff up is cool, you've got a future in this man's army.  what on earth.  we are from nasa.  consider joining us, hank.  with your math talent and our spaceexploration funds, we can make this intergalactic space transport system a reality for the whole family.  the military's where the action is.  pippi is lonely, hank.  come be pippi's friend.  well, gee, i don't know what to say.  go with the glowing bald guys. they're cool.  go with the tunnelboring machine.  no, higher learning is pure and good.  what. you're nuts.   hank: stop.  look, i know everyone's trying to help me and all, but this is something i gotta figure out myself.  gee, hank, i guess word somehow got out about your abilities.  yeah, supercomputers, intergalactic travel, blowing stuff up these are the things us number guys dream about, but what to choose.  you want to know my opinion.  it occurs to me that in the equation of happiness, there's only one choice follow your heart.  that's what i think.  anyway, i just want to say, well, whatever your decision, ..  and goodbye.  what did he say.  firepower or hightech gizmos.  it's hank's life.  whatever he chooses, we should be happy for him.  that's what a real friend does no whatifs, no secondguessing, no slipping into bitter and relentless grief.  no need to do that.  tell us, mr. hank.  what is your decision.  out with it, man.  help us, hank.  we need you.  well, i've thought about it long and hard.  i'd like to do all the things you have offered, but since i can't, i've decided i'm going to follow my heart.  i'm going to stay right here.  but what about these wonderful opportunities.  i thought you loved math and junk.  i do that's exactly why i'm staying put.  if i go to work for one of these fellas, that would make math a job.  but what about blowing things up.  and the timespace continuum.  well, sirs, there's plenty of guys who'd love to mess with that stuff.  i got a job already, and i wouldn't give it up for the world.  oh, balderdash.  this is ridiculous.  where's the draft when you need it.  you're making a big mistake, hank.  you'll see.  fine, sweep up.  that 18 grand will go to someone else.   if you're happy, i'm happy.  i say we celebrate.  let's take a crack at the linear independence of exponential functions.  gretchen, that's the best offer i've had all day.  miss finster, some loser stole our precious ashley flag and, like, totally replaced it with some sort of tent.  ..  my bloomers.  good, sweet mike, is there no end to the degradation.   oh, man, we killed five birds with one prank.  that was tasty.  let's mail the flag back to them one piece at a time.  ixnay on the agflay.  how's it hanging, kid.  cool prank, guys.  who was that kid.  i don't know, but he didn't rat us out to finster.  guys, guess what i just heard.  superintendent skinner is coming next week for some kind of big inspection.  we can pull off the biggest prank ever.  that's the one time we can't pull anything.  the heat will really be on.  then we crank up the fun for the next couple days so we can weather the drought.   to this day, people who turn on their friends, family, or significant others are called " i thought "  it's that kid again.  may i help you.  i've been assigned to your class.  class, meet your newest ..  stone, ma'am. james stone.  stone. how nice.  i always enjoy students with earth names.  why don't you crash over there, james, and let's learn.  could i sit over there.  my skin doctor says i should be near an open window.  wherever your skin is most comfortable, james.  , can i count on you to help your new study buddy get settled.  it would be my pleasure, miss grotke.   thanks for letting me hang with you guys.  i know what it feels like to be new.  what do you guysfeel like playing.  i'm sort of in a baseballcardflipping mood, only i got no cards.  i might be able to help out.  here, dad works for bubble ball trading cards.  i got enough for all of us.  tender.  think of all the gum.  i got some collector's items here.  these rookie cards might pay my college tuition.  this gum tastes as if it might last all day.  yep, bubble gum, sports heroes, and lounging around on the jungle gym.  recess doesn't get much better than this.  only one bad thing it's too short.  if only there was some way ..  hey, where there's a will, there's a way.  the suits don't know we know about this, but i'll let you in on a little secret we know about everything.  i told you we could make a pyramid with only six kids.  you think that kid suspects something.  randall may be a snitch, but he's not the brightest bulb in the janitor's closet.  i got a knee in my back here.  keep your eye on the clock, my friend.  man, you guys know all the angles.  james, you ain't seen nothing yet.  get a load of how mikey sweettalks the lunch lady into giving him extra food.  he gets even bigger portions than prescribed by law.  it all starts with a little covert flower picking in prickly's private garden, then psst. snitch at 12:00.  thanks. that was close.  mikey picks flowers in prickly's private garden. then what.  watch and learn.  hello, lunch lady.  my, today lunch smells particularly satisfying.  why, thanks, mikey.  would you like peas or carrots.  hmm, such a brutal decision.  you make them both so well.  that's why i always remember to bring you these.  azaleas.  oh, them's real pretty.  they match my statemandated hairnet.  don't tell nobody i done this, ..  savvy. very savvy.  what do you say, james.  is that rich.  you guys definitely got flair.   whoops, there's the bell.  not so fast on a full stomach, buddy.  but aren't we going to be late for class.  we like to avoid that mad hustle and bustle.  i'm not into the runningandbumping thing unless, you know, it's battle tag.  but i don't want to get a tardy james, take a deep breath, relax, then follow us.  this little secret keeps us perpetually untardy.  mikey, would you do the honors.  i would be honored.   james, we're going over to vince's to watch some tv.  want to come.  can't, but i'll catch you guys later.  vince's mom stocked up on chips that come stacked in a can.  cool, but i can't.  we're having people over tonight, ..  get cleaned up.  say no more.  gretchen: we've all got parents to deal with, james.  you missed it, james.  we watched three whole hours of "ghost pooch" reruns.  that dog is scary.  but very, very cute.   ..  maybe that randall's a little smarter than you guys thought.   i smell succotash.  excuse me, guys.  got to make a flower run.  hey, what's going on.  i'm doomed to a single portion.   who would do it.  who would surround beautiful flowers with razor wire.  there's a lot of stuff i don't understand lately, but i'll mull it over in class.  come on.  let's get inside.  going down.  gretchen: detention.  this is the worst.  poor james, having to call his mom and dad just 'cause he's new.  it's all randall's fault.  yeah, he's always snooping around.  i am not. whoops.  aah.  little jerk ran into the boys' room.  we'll get him.  come on, guys.   what's that noise.  don't know, but i've been hearing it for the last three days.  it's coming from inside that stall.  james: superintendent skinner, stone here.  this was a great idea you and prickly cooked up.  i locked the clock controller, fenced in the garden, and tipped off finster to the side entrance.  dopey kids got no idea what's going on.  in fact, we all get to spend recess in detention.  i'll learn more of their tricks and get a chance to rest up.  not a bad way for a 42yearolddude to make a living, huh, sir.  yeah, i'll send my next report tomorrow. bye.  ii can't believe it.  we treated james as a friend.  took him into our inner circle.  and the whole time he was nothing but a benedict arnold.  a grownup benedict arnold.  it's time we had a fisttogut talk with mr. stone.  james doesn't know we know he's a snitch.  maybe we can give him a taste of his own medicine.  but how.  well sorry, randall.  cool kids only.  i can't be trusted.  i understand.  for using unauthorized entry methods, among other things, you'll all sit this recess out.  i don't want a lot of chatter.  i'll be back to check on the likes of you seven later.  welcome to whompsville.  you can say that again.  we got to get prickly back big time.  remember how we weren't going to do anything to upset superintendent skinner's visit tomorrow.  now we're going to pull the biggest prank of all.  when skinner meets prickly in front of the school, we're going to drench him with a hose from the roof.  yes, a super soakies.  skinner will look like a drowned rat, and prickly will look even worse.  we all have important roles to play.  gee, i don't know.  i'm already in big trouble as it is.  let the poor kid off the hook. he's new.  okay, james, i'll toss you a job with some deniability.  now here's what we're going to do.   now, don't worry, sir.  superintendent skinner isn't due to arrive for another two minutes.  i know that.  superintendent.  stone here.  there's a disruptive cell at third street school planning an attempt on your clothing.  send security, and i'll rested and ready.  uh, yeah, ready as i'll ever be.  watch spinelli for the signal and quickly raise the school flag as a diversion.  when everyone looks up, we douse skinner.  we get in, we get out.  nobody gets hurt.  but somebody sure gets wet.  cool, but a flag goes up pretty slow.  how is that going to be a diversion.  that's where this little machine comes in.  i'll attach it to the flagpole.  all you do is throw this toggle.  the flag shoots up, and our destiny is fulfilled.  yeah, this is going to be sweet.  laugh now, detweiler.  you and your little friends are doomed to a childhood of detention and extra homework.   superintendent skinner, we're so happy to have you here at third street school.  yes, prickly, i'm sure you are.  uh, hello, students and faculty of third street elementary.  it's indeed a pleasure to be on the lookout i mean i mean, to be here today.  when principal prickly asked me to come here today, he promised me i'd leave even more impressed than, uh, when i received his embossed invitation.  i certainly hope this is true, since your school's performance levels this year lag somewhat behind the rest of the district.  anyway, i didn't actually prepare a speech, so whoa.  you never have a camera when you need one.  prickly, you idiot.  get me down from here.  no one laughs. not one chuckle.  who's responsible for this.  randall.  he did it. he did it.  thanks, man.  stone.  yes, superintendent skinner.  you're fired.  this isn't my fault.  it was these kids.  they set me up.  you're blaming kids.  you're a 42yearold man.    you i'll get you for this.  oh, grow up.  so much for james, but he did close up all our shortcuts.  that's the beauty of fourth grade, vince.  we get to find new ones.  captions paid for by abc cable networks group i love exploring, don't you, flounder.  yeah, especially when we're not exploring something scary.  aah.  ariel.  it's just a statue, flounder.  oh, look. oh.  a map.  ..  preatlantican, i think.  it must be thousands of years old.  you mean a priceless relic of the past when ancient merpeople lived in caves.  uhhuh.  .  it's the lost island of prehistoria.  oh, would i love to explore this place.  she never listens to me.  ariel, it's far, far away, up in the frozen north.  well, then, good thing we have a map.  yeah, that's it.  oh, you're right.  still, there must be a way.  there's always a way.   dudley, for some reason, i just can't concentrate.    your majesty, i wanted you to be the first to hear my brandnew onecrab band.  ..  is sebastian the reason i can't concentrate.  oh, yes, dudley.  he's the reason.   uh. ooh.  my calypso band is on vacation, and i don't want you to go without music.   sebastian, i told you over and over i am trying to concentrate today.  i'll be quiet, your majesty.  thank you, sebastian.  i'll be as quiet as a little stream. ) )