 so i can dominate that game after i retire from pro baseball, basketball, and football.  don't worry.  i know what i'm doing.  you little goodfornothing, you listen to me.  i'm not gonna stand for your insubordinate behavior.  this time you get in that hole.  dagnabbit.  lemon, this better be oh, lasalle.  what are you in for.  i'm your partner for the golf match.  you wanted the winner to report to the office.  have you ever played golf before.  no, sir.  but i've seen it on tv.  you might as well start learning now.  this is a putter.  well, well.  what do we have here.  little petey trying to teach another kid how to lose at golf.  paul, what are you doing here.  oh, i thought i'd just stop by for some prematch sportsmanship, little brother.  did i say "little brother".  " always ready to rub it in.  rub it in.  why, i never rub it in.  did i mention that petey's lost to me 17 years in a row.  by the way, have you met my partner for this year's match foster kushman bumpus iii.  cheers, little people.  i've been golfing since i was 3.  pleasure to meet you.  principal paul says you're the worst golfer in the world.  what a delightful little duffer.  would you mind keeping it down.  i'm trying to sink a 13footer here.  now, please. don't move.  hey, hey.  this golf thing's kind of fun.  what an unbelievable shot.  ah, beginner's luck.  want to see me do it again.  save it for the match, partner.  seems my friend vince is a natural at golf.  what do you say about that, pauly baby.  come on, foster.  time to go practice.  leaving to practice, eh.  well, good idea.  i have a feeling the old golf match is gonna be a different story this year.  with a little practice, finally you and i can put my loudmouth brother in his place.  jeez, prickly's already got you working on that golf stuff.  don't knock it till you try it, teej.  golf's a lot more fun than it looks on tv, and prickly wasn't nearly as bad as everyone said he'd be.  " sounds like vince is getting on prickly's good side.  ..  maybe we can find a way to work this to our advantage.  i've been thinking we could use a good gokart track.  an antigravity chamber might be somewhat useful.  perhaps an allyoucaneat dessert bar.  i'm not in it for any special favors.  i'm just looking to add another "w" to my collection of wins.  prickly's really looking forward to beating his brother this year, which reminds me i'm supposed to go practice with prickly.  it's nice to see that the stigma of the annual golf match hasn't dampened vince's competitive nature.  if it makes him happy, i'm happy for him.  i'm going for that tree over there.  nice shot, vince.  i'll try aiming for the tree over on the left.  oh, these cheap balls.  if you don't mind me saying so, sir, that's not how they do it on tv.  try shifting your weight to the right just slightly like this.  shift my weight to the right, eh.  great guns of tasco.  it worked.  principal prickly.  i caught lawson giving brandon a twirly.  . she saved my liiiife .  ugh. i didn't do nothing.  besides, you can't blame me for doing it.  he won't stop that singing with his voice.  hang on, mr. lawson.  i'll punish you in a second.  miss finster, come and tell me the whole story while i retrieve my new lucky ball.  yes, sir.  well, lasalle, it looks like you've turned into a regular "principal prickly's favorite person" type of guy.  i'm not principal prickly's favorite person.  oh, sure you're not.  but seeing as how youare, how 'bout using your pull to get him to cut me some slack.  look, lawson, i don't have any pull with prickly.  but even if i did, why would i waste it on somebody who deserves to get punished.  . wellsaid, vince .  huh. hey.  all right, lawson, let's go to the office and sort this out.  i'll be right back, partner.  principal's pet.  wait till the other kids hear about this.   i heard principal prickly had him over for dessert and bought him a bigscreen tv.  and then he got to swim in principal prickly's solidgold swimming pool.  you serious.  who you guys talking about.  uh, nobody.   i heard vince has been throwing parties on principal prickly's private yacht.  say what.  ahoy.  how's the yacht.  you got to know none of that junk is true.  youdidn'ttake a supersonic jet to bangladesh to buy rice cakes.  no.  youhavebeen spending a lot of time with the old guy.  we're just practicing.  prickly's not treating me better than any other kid in school.  vince dear, principal prickly needs pointers on his putting.  guess i'll meet up with you on the playground.  "vince dear".   say, vince, our shovels have been getting pretty dull.  yeah. so.  how's about you pull some strings and get us some heavyduty steam shovels.  guys, prickly isn't my buddy.  while you're at it, my legs are getting tired.  tell prickly to get turbo swings out here.  more chips at lunchtime would be nice.  look, everybody, give it a rest.  i don't have any special pull with prickly.  sure you don't.  we know all about the freight train full of candy.   there's no ugh.  oh, dear, vince.  you look positively harried.  prickly driving you nuts.  if anything's driving me nuts, it's all these kids who are asking me to get them favors 'cause i golf with the guy.  sounds like you could use a game of kickball to take your mind off your problem.  yeah.  now you're talking.  oh, man.  now what.  heya, vinny.  sorry to interrupt i wanted to see if you'd be up for another trip to the pitch and putt so we're in top shape for the big game tomorrow.  uh, sure.  that's just swell.  time in.  come on, lasalle.  are you gonna pitch or do you have to write down your date in your date book.  ha ha ha.  . vince and prickly standing on a green .  . putting .  . first comes par, then comes bogey .  . then comes vince dressed like an old fogy .   that does it.  this is bad, vince.  you're telling me.  this "principal's pet" junk is out of control.  i can't show my face without getting teased or asked for favors.  vince, i hate to say it, but i think the only way to salvage your reputation is to stop playing golf with prickly.  but it's just one more day.  is one more day worth being branded "principal's pet" the rest of your life.  maybe you're right.  but i reallywas looking forward to winning.  and principal prickly really wants to beat his brother.  it's a tough decision.  and it's one only you can make, vince.  unless you want to be labeled "principal's pet," you probably shouldn't go.  i guess i got some thinking to do.  way to get in good with the big guy.  you and prickly it's just like me and miss finster, only with expulsion power.  good luck tomorrow, buddy, and welcome to the club.  miss finster. miss finster.  time for my cookie.  oh, man.  am i really turning into a principal's pet.  well, pete, time's running out.  where's your partner.  i'm sure he'll be here in a minute.  are you sure about that, little brother.  maybe he's found a better golf ..like a chimpanzee.   he was supposed to be here an hour ago.  actually, sir ..  i surmise that vince's absence means he decided to follow t.j.'s advice and not show up.  not show up.  playing golf with you has been fun for vince, but it's also been kind of hard.  kids around the playground have been making fun of him.  they've been calling him " principal's pet.  honestly, sir, that's something that no decent kid should have to endure.  well, i guess i can understand that.  i'm gonna get an earful about this.  not showing up.  i don't blame him.  because you, little brother, are pathetically lame.   poor old principal prickly.  he sure is getting an earful.  he sure is.  vince, what are you doing here.  we figured you came to your senses and weren't gonna show.  actually, i wasn't sure if iwasgonna show.  but when i got a game, i got a game.  does this mean you reallyare the principal's pet.  you can call me that if you want, gus.  and everybody else can, too.  i don't care.  such boldness.  you had me convinced that playing with principal prickly was the wrong thing to do because it was hurting my reputation.  then randall told me hanging out with prickly was the right thing to do that me and prickly were gonna be just like him and finster.  it doesn't geany worse than that, vince.  yeah, well, randall was wrong, and so were you guys.  that's gonna require some clarification.  i'm not looking for favors or power or anything like that.  all i want to do is play some golf.  if that hurts my reputation, then that's the way it goes.  i'd rather be known as the guy who did what he thought was right than the guy who quit because he was afraid of what people might say.  when you put it ..  sorry, man.  no problem.  " sorry i'm late.  so, my brother's latest victim showed up after all.  excuse me, sir, but i'm not your brother's victim.  i'm your brother's partner.  come on, principal "p," let's shut these guys down.  you said it.  yay.  yay.  yay.  yay.  shh.  guys, this is golf.  i do believe that is a hole in one.  listen, petey, about those things i've been saying over the past 17 years, it was just brotherly ribbing, right.  you wouldn't start making fun of me like that, would you.  i mean, i'll get you a nice christmas present this year.  ]  ah, the first day of spring.  you know what that means.  winter's glorious mantle has melted from the hills.  and muddy bottom pond is all swelled up with critters to mess around with.  gentlemen, start your polliwogs.  let's catch some crawfish and teach 'em how to wrestle.  you're on.  it can't be springtime already.  hey, you're right.  the azaleas are in bloom.  and unfortunately, kurst the worst is on the rampage.  outta my way.  what's with her.  a complex question, gus.  shecouldbe a little nicer.  we're not inviting her to the pond.  let's get there before it dries up.  wait a minute, spinelli.  i'm surprised none of you remembered what other wonderful thing happens on the first day of spring.  well, itis the vernal equinox, when the sun crosses the celestial equator.  no, today is the start of shillelagh sundae week at fluffy burger 7 scoops of green ice cream, green fudge syrup, green whipped topping, green peanuts, and a juicy green cheery.  ugh.  ugh.  ugh.  ugh.  man, i still got a stomachache from last year.  after what happened on our livingroom carpet, mom made me promise never to eat one again.  honestly, i think you're the only person i've ever met who actually likes those things.  but, hey, that's okay.  go get your shillelagh sundae.  yeah, i'll throw a big old rock in the pond just for you.  i'll catch you something in a jar.  thank you.  i hope it's a colorful fish.   oh, my.   what's the matter with you.  you scared me.  you scare too easy.  hey, what's on the floor.  itwas my shillelagh sundae.  what do you know someone besides me who likes them things.  yourfriends don't like 'em either.  the dopes i hang out with say it makes their guts feel bad.  tough luck, you dropping it and all.  i've saved enough money for three more.  good. buy me two.  i'm out of dough.  i'm not sure i should be sitting with you.  people say you're a very bad girl.  how's that.  well, youhavedone some bad things around school, like when you pushed upsidedown girl off her bar.  she had it coming.  you pushed swinger kid off her swing.  she had it coming, too.  you pushed my friend gus into the bushes.  that was an accident.  eh, he probably had it coming.  don't you think you might have hurt their feelings.  the only feeling i care about is the empty one in my belly.  you gonna eat that.  that wasn't very thoughtful.  yeah, yeah, yeah.  so what are you gonna do call me kurst the worst, like everybody else, huh, plumpberger.  no, kurst, i would never call you that.  i don't think it's nice to call people names.  and if you had boughtme two shillelagh sundaes, i would at least "  uhh.  aah.  aah.  hey, blumberg.  yes.  oh, hello, kurst.  so, uh, what are you doing in the cafeteria food line.  getting some cafeteria food.  no, you ain't today you're having a doubledecker liversalad sandwich.  please don't toy with my taste buds, kurst.  i love liversalad sandwiches.  most people don't, but i had a suspicion youdid.  for me. but why.  let's just say i was feeling bad about eating your ice cream, so i asked ma to make it for you.  stick it in your face and be happy.  it was nice of you to give me this sandwich.  the least i can do is invite you to eat with me.  suit yourself.  hello, friends.  pull into port and dump it down the hatch.  urstkay the orstway is coming up behind you.  kurst is joining us for lunch today.  .  are you out of your everloving coconut.  she knocked gus into the bushes.  i was up all night picking twigs out of my underpants.  she says it was an accident, i'm sure she'd be happy to offer an apology.  yeah, sure.  sorry.  look, kurst is nothing but a troublemaking bad guy.  you don't want to hang out with girls who are bad guys.  but i found out yesterday we have something in common, and she just did something very nice for me.  i think she's a girl of many pleasant surprises.  let's keep it moving, mikey.  i didn't realize you wanted to eat with these yimyams.  who's she calling yimyams.  well, youdidcall her a bad name in pig latin.  i got a bad feeling about this, spinelli very bad feeling.  enough of that cafeteria junkola.  thisis where i chow down.  hiya, chumps.  hey, it's kurst.  mikey plumpberger's coming up behind you.  i'll chuck this old hunk of bologna at his head.  lighten up, mundy.  blumberg's with me.  that ain't natural.  the big guy bought me dessert, so i thought i'd have him over.  what you eating, anyway.  my cousin keanu's clerking down at the speedy mart.  i traded him my sandwich for all these nondairy creamers.   ah. hazelnut.  i got 13 packs of sugar.  i'll trade you two relishes and a ketchup for one of them sugars.  oh, sugar, oh, ketchup, oh, nondairy creamer.  oh, wondrous delights of the childhood dreamer.  hey, blumberg's saying poetry.  i don't like poetry.  it's messing up my nice lunch at the trash can.  listen, kurst, you can't hang around with plumpberger.  he's gonna make you soft.  next thing you know, you're gonna start riding tricycles and singing love songs.  aw, you guys are nuts.  come on, mikey.  let's find a place to eat before my belly starts chewing on itself.  i don't know what she sees in that guy.  all i can say is no good is gonna come out of them two being friends.  nothing good at all.  your friends didn't seem very happy you were eating lunch with me.  well, i don't care what nobody thinks.  i think you cared when you hurt my feelings and then gave me this sandwich.  maybe i cared a little.  just don't let it get around.  people will start thinking the wrong thing.  you know what i think.  i think we should have lunch again tomorrow.  hmm.   you know, eating lunch with you hasn't been half crummy.  the experience inspires me to verse.  yeah, anyway i got a little something in mind for tomorrow a surprise, sort of.  i think you'll like it, providing everything comes off okay.  a surprise.  but don't go spreading it around i'm doing something nice.  and all's else i can say is, don't bring any dessert.   all right, look if you want.  i don't really care.  oh, kurst.  huckleberry cobbler.  nature's juiciest bounty in a tender, flaky crust.  yeah, whatever.  it's the big surprise anyway, so dig in.  but there's so much of it.  where did it come from.  don't worry.  it ain't poison.  now, chow down before the flies start coming 'round.   hello. what's this.  mikey blumberg and kurst the worst eating a huge amount of huckleberry cobbler out of an industrialsize pan.  nothing unusual about that.   hey, miss finster.  i'm sorry to report that there's nothing not now, randall.  i've got a riot to put down.  cobbler.  cobbler.  cobbler.  cobbler.  cobbler.  cobbler.  cobbler.  cobbler.  cobbler.  cobbler.  cobbler.  cobbler.  cobbler.  cobbler.  cobbler.  cobbler.  all right, listen up, everyone.  i know it's cobbler day, and you all came to lunch today expecting a nice big piece of huckleberry cobbler.  but i'm afraid there will be no cobbler today because it's been stolen.   and i know who stole it.  it was kurst the worst and mikey blumberg.   come on.  i'll show you.  i knew that girl was trouble.  well,thatwas a delicious treat.  now to lick the pan.   there they are.  it's true.  we caught 'em purplehanded.  drop the berries, blumberg.  you too, kurst.  wait a minute, miss finster.  there's no way my friend mikey had anything to do with this.  he would never steal something.  stolen.  was that cobbler stolen.  my friend sue bob murphy cooked it in her oven and gave it to me honest.  do you promise, kurst.  i'm telling the truth.  i promise.  then i believe you.  oh, really.  tell me, kurst, does this sue bob murphy usually bake with a pan stamped "property .  no way.  that there pan is proof.  but it doesn't prove whostole the cobbler.  after all, icould have stolen it.  miss finster, if you're gonna take kurst to the office, then you have to takeme,too.  mikey, what are you doing.  she's got him hypnotized with food.  is this how it's gonna end, mikey.  yes, ma'am, it is.  all right, then.  i'm taking both of you in.  yeah.  take 'em away.  what's that.  them kids didn't steal the cobbler.  thesekids did.   what are you talking about, guinevere.  back at the scene of the crime, we found their names written on the wall with mustard.  seemed like a cool idea at the time.  hey, sue bob, you said you cooked that cobbler just for me.  i can't cook.  we figured if we gave you a big old cobbler, maybe you'd start hanging with us again.  it was the perfect plan.  not perfect enough, tough guy.  ..  thanks, girls.  good work.  come on, you.  it's time you got yourjust desserts.  jeez, mikey, you really stuck your neck out for me.  what are you, dumb.  it was the least i could do for a friend.  and i think the leastyoucould " you really are a pretty okay guy.  i better go see if those guys need legal advice.  last day of shillelagh sundaes.  buy you one after school.  i would be delighted.  hmm.  hey, man, i'm sorry we doubted kurst.  but you can't really blame us.  i still can't believe you made friends with her.  she did a nice thing for me, so the least i could do is give her a chance.  we thought hanging out with her was gonna get you in trouble, but instead, it got her a new buddy with the biggest heart on all the playground.  and the biggest powerslamming body on the playground.  let's play some battle tag.  yeah.  yeah.  yeah.  yeah.  oh.  oh.  oh.  oh.  it's good to have friends.  ..  ..  ..  ..   captions paid for by abc cable networks group    where are you going.  to the beach, mon.  i love the beach.  scuttle.  where is that bird.  look out. ooh.   sorry, sweetie.  i'm a terrific flyer.  i'm just a terrible lander.  we brought human things for you to explain.  oh, wow.  gudomeister.  very fancy, very fancy.  no refined human lady would think of going anywhere ..  on her head.  gudomeister.  why don't they just call it a headbag.  humans must be very complicated.  oh, they are.  and they're very fond of gadgets.  this is a furlneibler or beakwarmer.  humans put these on their favorite birds when they take them out dancing.  oh, i wish sebastian could see this.  yeah, instead of us.   booboobeep booboobabooboo, whoo.       booboobeepboo booboobooboo, boo.     boobeepboo beebooboo    we're goin' to the beach, to the beach i go    sun and the sand where the ocean flow    crab on the beach, a natural thing    make me want to do some calypso wing   ha ha.   baboobeeboo baboobabooboo    boobabeebooboo booboobooboo, whoo.     boobabee boobooboo   ahh. hmm.  sunblock. too much sun's not good for you.  i'm red enough already.  ahh, what a glorious day.  the sand, the sun, the sea.  nature sure does have it together, mon.   ha ha ha.  ooh. what's that smell.  it's making me sick.   ratatatatatata    ratatatatatata   ugh. what stinks.  i don't smell anything.  well, take off that furlneibler.  it's coming from that stuff.  do you know what it is.  i don't know, sweetie, but it's making those fish sick.   sebastian, come here.  crab scouts, follow me.  sebastian, what is that stuff.   ugh. i don't know.  it's making the fish sick.  you can be sure human's are causing it.  it's heading for atlantica.  we have to warn them.  i'll tell the king.  let the crab scouts do it.  i'll need you with me.  just where are we going.  to find out where it's coming from.  we'll warn atlantica.  oh, ariel, every time you go on an adventure, things get scary.  i just hope this time will be different. ) )