 er, welcome to the good life.  ever see .  the $40 million bar.  they're twice as expensive as the other candy bars.  from now on, this is the only candy bar for you.  that was, like, easy.  now that you're one of us, let's one of you.  i thought you might want to share a giggle over those less fortunate, like those kids you used to hang out with.  i'll never be one of you.  and you paid too much for that candy bar.  i'm getting out of here, and i'm returning that "c" note.  nouveaus.  where were you, teej.  somewhere i'll never go again.  now what do we know.  no one at third street lost the money.  we're keeping it.  check the local bulletin boards and circulars.  someone's lost a fortune, and they've got to be looking for it.  nadain the newsletter.  a great big goose egg in thegrant street gazette.  i'm not getting any answers.  maybe you're not asking the right questions.  maybe we should be asking who in town is rich enough to lose a vast sum of money and not be looking for it.  i can't think of anybody that rich.  read all about it.  all: thaddeus t. third v.  he's the richest mansyscransy in town.  gee, this place is creepy.  gus has a point.  i say we keep the $100.  if it is the third's, he won't miss it.  he must have dozens of hundreds.  i bet he flosses with them.  i'm going in there.  if this "c" note belongs to third, he's getting it back.  it's the right thing to do.  yes.  oh. um, howdy.  howdy.  i'd like to see mr. fifth, please.  i believe you mean mr. third.  i think i have something that belongs to him.  follow me.  spinelli: he's doomed.  what makes you say that.  big mansion, scary butler guy do the math.  he's probably already fallen through a trap door.  and gotten strapped into some laboratory bed.  and he's even now being forced to respond candidly to a battery of deeply personal questions.  three points about what's going on has just entered a mansion.  frightening stuff traditionally happens in castles.  two, this street isn't zoned for human experimentation.  has no deeply personal issues to be asked about.  we can safely assume t.j.  is receiving praise and thanks from our school's greatest benefactor.  vince: or gretchen could be right.   ..  ..  the, um, only.  you have something for me.  i think so, your sirship.  i was hoping this would turn up.  you can go now.  you see, he's fine.  was it his.  yep.  where's the reward.  didn't get one.  he hardly said a word.  he didn't say, "thanks, kid".  we never should have given the "c" back to three.  no, spinelli, we did the right thing.  that'll last longer than any "thanks, kid" ever could.   for such a ritzy neighborhood, they sure have a noise problem.  greetings, youngsters.  all: thaddeus t. third v.  you you are a very special young man.  he's not even mad about you not saying thanks.  thanks wouldn't have been enough.  i leave envelopes like the one you found all over town, but you kids were the first to try to return it.  and of course, behavior such as yours should be recognized and rewarded.  so i'm taking all of you and your families for a weekend of fun at sasparilla springs action park and roller disco, which i own.   but before we finalize the arrangements, who wants a ride on my jet pack.  me.  me.  now that sounds like the right thing to do.  p<< again.  shoot.  is anybody going to steal the ball.  i really don't think so.  it's just too easy.  gus: it's stuck.  that's okay.  i'll get it down in no time.   man, where is mikey when you need him.   there now, corn chip girl.  it's okay.  sure you scraped your knee, but it's only by stumbling we learn and grow.  i feel better already.  you always have such a good attitude.  i don't know how you do it.  why, it's all thanks to my mood compass, which i keep close to my heart.  whenever i'm feeling sad or frightened, it always points me back to true joy.  that's neat.  vince: yo, mikey, a little help.  excuse me.  would you mind getting our ball down for us.  i would be happy to.  all: whoa.  i wish i was as tall as you are.  maybe someday you will be.  there's no telling what the future holds, besides rainbows and happiness.  man, that would be cool if you could tell how tall you were going to be in the future.  tallness is determined by genetics and environment.  i'll wager i can compile data about both and devise a growth model that would tell us how big we're going to be when we get bigger.  i did some research last night, and i believe i've done it.  with the aid of galileo, your future height is 47 diagnostic questions away.  i'm positively atwitter with curiosity.  gus, let's hook you up first.  yes, the gusmeister first at last.  hey, what are those for.  they'll monitor your bioelectric field and actually gauge your cranial growth while you answer a few personal questions.  hey, i look cool like a robot.  now for some vital statistics your height, your weight, your father's height and weight, your mother's height and weight, and age in days, please.  your most frequent vacation destination and favorite winter vegetable.  root beer rapids and the lipsmacking pickled beet.  galileo, your answer, please.  congratulations, gus.  according to our computations, you will grow to be 6'4" tall and as husky as a corn field.  6'4".  that's just like my dad.  wire up my face, gretch.  i'm going next.  good for you, vince.  6'2".  that should do just fine.  well, spinelli, how does 5'6" sound to you.  5'6" plus two.  it's more than i'll ever need.  , how fantastic for you.  you'll be 5'9".  i got a plan already.  just one moment, mikey.  i almost have your answer.  oh, don't hurry, galileo.  i'm not even sure i want to know.  within one year's time, you will have reached a height of 50 feet.  but that's much larger than a normal boy is supposed to grow.  yes, mikey, it is, and though such a figure seems impossible, it appears to be correct.  congratulations, man.  why should i be happy that i'm going to be a freakishly enormous person.  they're going to put you in "raleigh's register " just think of what it'll do for your game.  hey, guys, bumbleberg is up next.  easy out.  everyone move in.   hello, jolly sportsmen.  oh, man.  i forgot he was 50 feet big.  ugh.   now that is going to be cool.  agreed, vince, that will be cool.  however, i spent a whole lot of school nights considering this very possibility, and here's the way i see it.  hello, t.j.  it's a delightful 73 degrees with nothing but clear weather all the way to dinosaur earthquake gold mine.  i believe you have clearance for takeoff.  let her rip, mikey.  yeeha.  and it only gets better from there.  it sure does.  for instance, you like entertaining people, don't you, mikey.  why, yes, i do, spinelli.  i like to sing and recite poetry.  well, forget about that junk, because a year from now you'll be getting jumped over by a thrillseeking crazy guy on a motorcycle.   make it a payperview event, and we're talking major bucks.  don't you guys realize.  i mean, sure, mikey will be able to do all that great stuff, but, heck, the best thing is he's going to go down in history just like paul bunyan.  ha ha ha.   mikey will be the second most famous giant american hero who ever really lived.  uh, gus, paul bunyan wasn't real.  oh, okay, spinelli.  i think the implications of mikey's growth larger imagine.  why, with his enormous size, he could gain acceptance into a pod of elusive blue whales and decipher the hauntingly mysterious language.    i'd be happy to help with matters of enunciation and syntax, of course.  thank you, gretchen, and thank you all.  when i first heard i was going to be fantastically enormous, i wasn't sure how i felt about it, but now i think it will be a dream come whoa.  ow.  easy, boy, easy.  hey, blubblesaurus, you big, giant doofus, you almost smashed the whole entire playground.  you're dangerous to humanity.  let's go before he flattens us again.  hey, mikey, don't pay any attention to lawson.  yeah, he's just a jerk.  when you're 50 feet tall, you can crush him like a bug.  oh, spinelli, ..  or would i.  i'm starting to wonder.  spinelli's voice: crush him like a bug.  lawson's voice: you big, giant doofus.  boy's voice: you're dangerous to humanity, ..   mmm, bacon.  aah.  don't resist or i shall crush you.  run for your lives.  it's the mutant monster blumberg boy.  aah.  it's mikey.   you will listen to my poetry, but first i shall destroy your puny city.    mikey is tearing apart the whole city.  he's too big to be grounded.  he can get away with anything.  warning, kids.  according to my estimates, we'd better get out of here.  not so fast, galileo.  we got one hope left.  hey,el mikeo grande, this is t.j. talking.  stop wrecking stuff and listen.  hello, t.j.  the junk you're doing is wrong.  i know you're scared, but we're here to help you.  we're your friends.  helping each other is what friends are all about.   i have no use for friends.  i'm bigger than all of you put together.   ..  be brave, gretchen.  the others need you.    no.  that tears it.  dad, go ahead.  bring him down.  fire.   hey, you big doofus, ..   i must be stopped.  man, i don't know about you guys, but last night i came up with a whole new list of cool stuff mikey can do when he's huge.  i can't wait to tell mikey my plans.  where is that future skyscraper anyway.  look.  what are you doing in there.  i'm saving the world from destruction.  these bars will contain my growth and act ason mankind.  it's not like you're going to be a monster.  no one can ground me.  the police can never catch me.  there's nothing to keep me from turning bad.  forevermore, let this cage be home to the beast i shall become.  huh.  aah.  mankind will be far better off with me trapped behind these bars.  help. somebody help me.  aah.  no.  ooh.  don't be frightened.  you're safe now.  boy, thanks, mikey.  it's a good thing you're so tall.  and, hey, you used your height for goodness.  why, yes, i did, didn't i.  maybe this monster mumbo jumbo was a bunch of hooey.  saving a young girl doesn't seem like something a destructive giant would do.  destructive giant.  i'm sorry, but that's pretty silly.  you could never be destructive, even if you were a giant.  as far as i'm concerned, your heart is already as giant as it can be.  it's the size of your heart that matters, no matter how big you are.  oh, corn chip girl, you're very tiny, but you speak with great wisdom.  i have help, like my handydandy mood compass.  wear compass aroundour neck.  why, yes, gretchen.  with my mood compass, true joy lies in every direction.  that explains everything.  the magnet in your compass might have thrown off the probes used when i administered your growth test.  then mikey might not turn into a giant after all.  he might or he might not.  there's only one way to tell.  mikey, if you'll remove your mood compass, i'd be happy to retest you.  mikey: you know what, gretchen.  i know who i am.  as for how tall i'm going to be, let's just let that be a big surprise.  captions by vitaccaptions paid for by abc cable networks group hi, daddy.  want to go swimming.  i'd love to, but i'm getting a haircut, meeting fish heads of state, and i've promised to referee the octopus armwrestling match.  it'll take most of the morning just to finish shaking hands.  it's all right, father.  i'll get flounder to come along.  have fun.  don't stray too far.  humans don't have a bottom half.  of course they do, silly.  ..  i think.  flounder, look at this.  humans use this to look at themselves.  why.  aah.  ha ha ha ha.  ha ha ha ha ha.  see.  it makes everything look bigger.  wow.  what's this thingamajigger called.  ..i call it a...  biggermajigger.  aah.  waah.  you're afraid of your shadows.  hmph.  i ain't afraid of no shadow.  aah.  ariel, what is that you're hiding.  nothing, daddy.  ..  biggermajigger.  ..see.  what i see is a human object.  i've told you not to play with human things.  ain't that the truth.  but daddy, it's good for something.  we could see little things and findnone of your excuses.  you give it to me immediately.  if you bring another human thing into this palace, ..  no.  uh, bye, your majesty.  i've done it again.  yes, your majesty.  i mean, well done, your majesty.  ooh. he makes me so angry.  oh, don't be mad.  well, i am.  he didn't even let me explain.  don't go down there.  don't do this, don't do that.  who do you think you aremy father.  someday i might be a father.  i might even have a daughter likeno.  that's too scary.  ariel, i don't want to order you around, but come back.  why does she make me so angry.  your majesty, you always get a little cranky on haircut days.  don't be ridiculous.  i try not to, but it just comes out.  i have to be firm, sebastian.  human things will be our ruin.  why won't she leave them alone.  why won't she listen.  she can't help it, your majesty.  she's just stubborn.  runs in the family.  ..  nevertheless, i was unduly harsh.  i lost my temper again.  but a very spectacular loss of temper, sire.  i'd better apologize when she gets home.  good thinking.  ..  i ever get out of this chair.  if only he weren't so stubborn about things from up there.  i'm worried about what's down there.  there's no bottom to the great abyss.  what's that.  what.  uh, nothing. it was nothing.  come on, flounder, let me see.  there.  i see it.  oh, me and my big mouth.  ..  it's cold down here.  i know it's here somewhereah.  ..  ..  it's beautiful.  i doubt your father would agree.  oh, look.  this must be aa human girl, and this must be a human boy.  he's, uh, not very handsome, .. personality.  if your father catches youstop acting like a little sardine.  who's acting.  it must be some sort of decoration.  i wonder how humans wear it.  look. i made it stay.  ..  so beautiful.  she has long fins, but she has no tail.  oh, that's probably why she's swimming so funny.   ya da ta da    ya da ta da    ya da ta da ya   i want to see how i look.  where are you going.  ariel.   it's getting late. we should start back.  look, it glistens.  i wish i could wear it always.  ariel.  all right, flounder. ) )