 ah, the solitary pleasure.  ah, the unbalanced kickball teams.  guys, put the books down and let's get akicking.  can't you see i'm involved in a barnaby boys mystery.  must i exclaim it.  you're going to exclaim it.  that's barnabyese for saying something loud.  these books are the greatest.  the "b" boys solve a case a week.  that's impossible.  they use a system of careful observation and keen logic.  that's fiction.  solving crimes is a difficult task.  just watch the realitybased police series " maybe the police aren't up on the "b" boy techniques.  the cops know more than whoever writes those books.  they still don't know who swiped the head off the bronze statue of thomas jefferson in the town square.  that was 30 years ago.  i thought that was a statue of the headless horseman from irving's "legend " the "b" boys would have cracked the case quick, helped the cops ..  and had time to joke with pals aboard their sloop the bloodhound.  real life isn't like a barnaby boys book.  now let's play already before we waste a whole recess.   too late.  thanks, guys.  after you, theo.  no, after you, vin.  call me after school.  i have a crackerjack idea for tomorrow.   chocolate pudding.  i'd bet my life on it.  brilliant deduction, theo, and you'll notice, the pudding's in the proof.  look who's here.  it's the barnaby boys.  give us a break, spinelli.  we just want to help the world.  you want to help.  lose the sweaters.  say, i noticed that finster keeps touching her nose when she passes the hot food, never the cold.  who's she signaling.  maybe she's sensitive to the steam.  maybe she hey.  enjoy your grub, young'uns.  who was that.  judging by the mop and bucket, i'm guessing it was thejanitor.  if that's the janitor, where's hank.  can you i.d. this guy.  nuhunh.  that janitor reminds me of "the case of the really, " gee, we have a substitute janitor.  i'd better get the cops.  this does look ..  both: the barnaby boys.  our first mystery the case of the curious custodian.  this is going to be extra lame.  vince, i mean, vin, what do you guys plan to do.  we're going to play squeezetheweasel.  i'm not sure i know the rules.  we're going to squeeze randall into giving us the lowdown on our mystery man.  how did some bald guy with a mop become a mystery man.  maybe he's not a man, like the grownup boy in "the case " oh, boy.  aah.  what can you tell us about the new janitor.  i don't know nothing about no new janitor.  name's earl raymond.  he worked here a long time ago.  keep on singing.  i told you, i don't know nothing.  he's substituting for two weeks since hank won a trip to bermuda.  all right for a guy who didn't know anything.  get out of here.  think he knew anything else, vin.  i don't think so.  what's your next move.  we've got the name.  now it's time to find out who this earl raymond really is.  he's a janitor.  oh, jeez.  can't be done.  a personnel file is school property under the rules of the board of ed.  come on.  sorry.  shall we try biff's technique from "the case of the stifled sneeze".  don't we need ascots and a captain's hat.  give the file or you'll be getting something from "the case of the girl who could beat the snot " follow me.  here earl raymond.  apparently, that is his real name.  he was the janitor here 30 years ago.  after a year, he mysteriously vanished.  does itsay "mysteriously vanished".  hurry up.  miss lemon's bunion scrape won't last all day.  he's been sending applications to get his job back, though he works at another elementary school much closer to his home.  why did he disappear in the first place.  ..  and few answers.  i got an answer who cares.  hello. what's this.  looks like an old candy wrapper.  and there's writing on the back.  " why would earl raymond put this in his file.  maybe somebody else did, someone trying to leave a clue as to earl raymond's true identity.  what are you talking about.  it's simple.  the 19th letter of the alphabet is "s," the 16th, "p," and the 25th, "y." all: spy.  guys, looks like we'll be spending our next few recesses spying on a spy.  oh, brother.  how's the stakeout coming.  anything unusual.  he keeps measuring that wall with the poster.  the wall i saw him tapping this morning.  he's absolutely fixated on that spot.  that doesn't make him mysterious.  of course it's mysterious.  what's he looking for.  and why.  perhaps he was tapping the wall to see if there's something behind it.  maybe he's looking for something that was there that's not anymore.  what used to be there.  perhaps our answer lies in the school's old blueprints.  vince and t.j.: "the case of the sleazy slumlord".  right here is the spot mr. raymond keeps revisiting.  if we could go back in time and see whatusedto be there.  maybe we can.  these old yearbooks are a window into history.  can you see when we used to play at recess.  listen to this.  "the children love young muriel finster " must be a misprint.  we don't have an answer, and we're out of books.  i got it. lockers.  they used to have lockers.  they were right in front of earl's favorite spot.  of course.  how could i be so dense.  191625 is no secret code.  it's a locker combination.  earl stashed something in a locker.  he's come to get it.  i wonder where those lockers are.  perhaps in storage.  i don't think this school has the storage room big enough to fit them.  yes, it does, behind the clock.  i never knew there was a room behind the clock.  to the storage room.  we're going to solve a mystery.  will you guys quit it.  this whole thing is stupid.  you guys arebeingstupid to go along.  if you think we're being stupid, don't come.  fine. then i won't.  ..  we got a mystery to solve.  gee, it's pretty dark up here.  yeah, reminds me of the untimely demise of mr. spears.  why does it remind you of an untimely demise.  this is like the place where they found the bodies.  bbbodies.  yeah. cool, huh.  rats a locked door.  a logjam.  there's got to be a way to get in.  there is.  a toothpick.  just like in "the case " i took the liberty of reading the entire barnaby series last night after math.  come on.  i kind of don't like it much in here.  mme neither.  aah. a velociraptor.  aah.  oh, man, you guys are too easy.  the time for kidding is when we're on the sloop.  we got to find those lockers.  we better split up.  split up.  if you find anything, whistle twice, just like the barnabys do.   whistle. whistle.  it's an old teaching skeleton.  you mean it used to teach here.  vince: guys, guys, i found them.  good job, vin.  but which one is it.  everybody start trying combinations.  we'll find the right one.  remember, it's 191625.  aah. a human head.  that's not human, mikey.  that's bronze.  wait a second. i got a hunch.  anybody got a nickel.  it's jefferson.  ..  we caught the guy who swiped jefferson's head.  looks more likehecaughtyou.  thanks for leading me up here, kids.  i couldn't for the life of me figure out where they put them dang lockers.  you'll never get away with this.  i will, seeing as the statute of limitations on my crime runs out at midnight.  i thought it was a statue of jefferson.  it means that after midnight, he can no longer be prosecuted.  i'm going to sell jeff back to the town for 30 times what i asked for years ago.  what did you ask.  10 bucks and a head start.  and now you want 30 times more.  whoa.  that's nearly 300 bucks.  let my pals go, raymond.  it's me and vin you should blame.  i'd let you young'uns go, but i can't take that chance.  you are going to be locked up for quite a while.  i hope you brought snacks.  you're a bad man.  not much of a janitor, either.  you little spinelli: not so fast, raymond.  gus: spinelli.  mikey: the school police.  earl, you're under arrest for the decapitation of a statue of the third president.  but it's not how it looks.  tell it to the judge.  he's a descendant of jefferson.  i'd have gotten away with it, if it hadn't been for them meddling kids.  another eight hours, and he would have been off scotfree.  spinelli, you saved us.  you said we were being stupid.  coming up here without the authorities thad and biff would never do that.  thad and biff.  ..  youread the barnabys.  well, i might have casually glanced through volumes one through 64.  class, please take this new history book with a grain of salt, since it focuses primarily on the history of white western males.  , i'm afraid they didn't supply us with enough books for you.  so, can i leave.  i'll dig you out an old copy.  here we go.  um, miss grotke, this book is really, really old.  it says man will never walk on the moon.  you'll have to share when we get to that chapter.  let's read about how the barbaric europeans stole this country ..  hello. what's this.  "follow these clues and take good measure, then you will find " treasure. cool.    what's the hurry, teej.  can't tell you here.  come on.  you guys have to promise not to breathe a word of this to anybody.  cut to the chase, will you.  i opened the history book miss grotke gave me and found this directions to the third street treasure.  i'm rich, i'm rich.  way to not breathe a word.  wow, treasure.  i wonder what it is.  maybe it's silver.  it's gold. gold.  it will make us millionaires, but not if every kid knows.  we got to follow the clues, but be quiet about it.  right, right.  read the first clue.  "climb and conquer the iron beast, then turn your attention " iron beast.  what iron beast.  our clue leavers may be referring to old rusty.  well, what are we waiting for.  "look to the back door, but don't go in.  go around the corner " there's the back door.  what's the garden of quinn.  the bust in the main hall eaton quinn, third street's first kindergarten teacher.  they took him away in a straitjacket.  look, isn't that one of those wooden garden things.  it's a trellis.  there used to be a garden there.    "the treasure is close, so don't think of stopping.  go to yon box and beware " box.  i don't see any box.  gus, get on mikey's shoulders.  look over that fence.  nothing over there except the old sandbox.  that's it.  the old sandbox.  look, interwopers.  get them.  run.  sir, i believe detweiler's deviants are planning a breakout.  they've got some old book, and they're counting off paces.  it's very strange.  all children are strange.  but, sir i have work to do.  yes, sir.  counting paces. hmm.   whew. that was close.  enough yakking.  let's get to the sandbox.  hey, kid, don't you know cats use that sandbox as a bathroom.   water. water.  spinelli: we're in yon box.  read the next clue.  "100 paces across the lawn.  "but hit the curb, too far you've gone.  "dig with zeal, measure for measure, 'cause you're atop " count them off, teej.  i smell success.  yeah, and hurry.  i smell sandbox.  ..75...7hey, what's the deal here.  according to this old map, the playground used to be wider until they put in the faculty parking lot.  but that means our treasure is buried under that asphalt.  we can't dig through asphalt.  my uncle's in construction.  he can get dynamite.  an intriguing proposition, spinelli, but high explosives may attract unwanted attention.  not to mention blow the gold to bits, dummy.  i don't see you coming up with any brilliant ideas.  oh, it's like that.  sure, we can't dig through asphalt, but we know someone who can.  i'm not sharing my loot with the digger boys.  i'm with shorty.  those two don't get so much as a doubloon from my take.  any better ideas.  sam: i wouldn't recommend trying to dig through it.  that blacktop is half a foot thick.  we'd need the backhoe, and we're not allowed to bring that to school.  we could tunnel under from the playground.  everyone in the school would see us digging.  not if we start the tunnel inside someplace, someplace like the ashleys' clubhouse.  the diggers were one thing, but the ashleys.  yeah, you've got to draw the line somewhere.  but, guys forget it, teej.  we've made up our minds.  no ashleys.  you may dig, but we demand equal shares, you are not to get dirt on our rug, and those digger dweebs may not sniff our stuff.  oh, brother.  ladies, you have a deal.  if we're digging a secret tunnel inside the clubhouse, where are we going to hide all the dirt.   randall, what are you doing in there.  what were you doing with that dirt.  um, playing.  really.  okay, we're digging for buried treasure.  the diggers are helping us in the ashleys' clubhouse.  you won't tell anybody, will you.  not as long as you let randall wet his beak a little.  splitting the loot with the ashleys is one thing, but randall.  at least we know he's a good lookout.  randall, what are you doing up there.  getting a bird'seye view on trouble, miss finster.  what can you tell me about detweiler and his group.  i see nothing.  i know nothing.  i wonder.  according to gretchen's core samples, we're getting close to the treasure.  a few more feet.  good work.  keep digging, guys.  i can't wait to get that gold.  i'm buying season tickets for the dome.  i'm buying a candy store and paying some flunky.  i'll make a bundle, plus get all the free candy i can eat.   better get to class.  spinelli: wait just one cottonpicking minute.  i can smell gold, and you guys are leaving.  i say we play hooky and dig.  if we stay out here, finster will come looking for us.  i draw the line at cutting her in.  ladies first.  no, no, after you.  we leave together.  dirt.  something's going down.  i can taste it.  ouch.  what is it now, miss finster.  remember my suspicions about the children.  theyareplanning something, something that involves dirt.  kids and dirt on a playground.  yes, very suspicious.  you're getting paranoid.  let it go.  won't be long now.  your essays on how the settlers shouldhave behaved upon their arrival on these shores will be graded for both spelling and sensitivity.  may i please use the restroom.  certainly, vince.  hurry back.  don't let him.  he wants it all for himself.  i mean, may i be excused, too.  all right, but no dillydallying.  since when do you use the bathroom at school.  i had two milks at lunch.  you were planning to sneak out and dig up the treasure.  you're nuts, not that i didn't think about it.  i don't want to split my booty with the ashleys and weasel boy.  so, what if we don't.  how about you and me sneak out there after school and dig it up.  i like the way you think, spinelli.  now if you'll excuse me, i really got to go.  fine.  i'm waiting outside.  i better not hear that window go up.    you guys coming or what.  we were going to take a shortcut home.  we'll catch up with you guys tomorrow.  think they fell for it.  like a box of suckers at kelso's.  freeze, you bums.  you took a shortcut, eh.  where do you live, the treasure hole.  you were going to take all the gold.  we were going to cut you guys in.  i can't believe you two would do this to us.  have you no honor.  vince: i guess i never thought of it like that.  you guys are right.  let's get that treasure before the others show up.  gus: let's go.  hey, wait a minute.  i really don't think this is a good idea.  yeah, yeah, just hurry up before anybody hey.   what are you guys doing here.  we ashleys can have meetings whenever we want.  since when is randall an ashley.  he's an honorary member.  yeah, scandalous.  sam: now we only have to split it seven ways.  both: uhoh.  you lousy bums were going to cheat us.  what are you doing, planning to cheatus.  the treasure was ours in the first place.  now it's ours.  both: ours.  all: ours.  ours.  ours.   can't you see what the treasure's doing to us.  we're acting like jerks.  when i first found those clues, i thought it would be a fun adventure with friends.  now i wish i never even found the stupid thing.  gee, we're sorry you feel that way about it, teej.  i get his share.  all: the treasure.  it's just a bunch of old toys and junk.  no gold, no silver, no nothing.  this is, like, the worst treasure ever.  look, there's a note in the lid.  "no grownups have ever .." "we, too, were just kids, third streeters like you.  "we found the treasure, then buried it anew, "but not before we dropped in some toys "that brought to us all an assortment of joys.  "so play with this stuff, then dump it back in for future third streeters " you mean those kids put in their favorite toys just to share them with us.  and i wanted to hoard all the treasure for myself.  man, i feel like such a jerk.  some of these toys are quite old.  john, a model dirigible, ..  why don't we put some of our best stuff in here for kids in the future.  first let's do what that oldentimes kid said in the poem let's play.  man, these toys are great.  no kidding.  hey, what's this.  gretchen: " kid had excellent taste.  i wonder whatever happened to him.  i'd like to speak to chief justice brenda j. throckmorton, please.  it's very urgent.  hello, binky. it's petie.  they found it.  40 years, 6 months, 7 hours, 12 minutes, and 26 seconds.  i'd say we hid that treasure real good.  captions by vitaccaptions paid for by abc cable networks group he's coming home.  who, daddy.  apollo, hero of the sargasso wars.  sebastian, we must do something special for the great apollo.  well, we most certainly will, your majesty.  ..  a welcome home apollo speech.  ..  a parade.  we learned about apollo in history class.  apollo is our greatest hero.  he was my most trusted sea warrior back before you or any of your sisters were born.  the octopins who lived beyond the sargasso sea wanted to drive the merpeople from atlantica.  you're not from the sea.  the octopins wanted our space, our crops, our culture.  watch out.  swim for your lives.  they had somehow acquired a trident as powerful as mine.  apollo was wise.  he hid among the sargasso weeds overhead, awaiting his chance.  the battle was won, and apollo became a hero.  i can't wait to hail him.  hail apollo. hail apollo.  why did apollo go away, daddy.  to explore the seven seas.  an explorer.  ah. and i thought he was only a hero.   hail apollo. hail apollo.  hail apollo. hail apollo.  hail apollo.  hail apollo.  hail apollo, hail apollo.  hail apollo.  well, well, well.  apollo's back.  boy, do i ever owehimone. ) )