the wonder years|season 2 episod 2|borys12@2com. pl nineteen sixtyeight was a strange and passionate time. things that had seemed impossible were happening all around us. the events of those days brought every emotion to the surface. mlk : with this faith, we will be able to work together, to pray together mlk : to struggle together|mlk : to go to jail together, to stand up for freedom together mlk: knowing that we will be free one day we felt things strongly then. and we felt them together. i guess we all got caught up in it. even me. and miss white. miss white: well, people. we certainly lost a great man last april, didn't we. what was it about her that affected me so profoundly. her sensitivity. her warmth. her intelligence. maybe all of those. maybe more. maybe much more. |miss white : kevin. kevin: uh, yes. miss white: do you agree with leslie that this speech helped change people's feelings about civil rights. kevin: yeah.  uhhuh.  yep, i do.  miss white : how do you think it might have changed miss white: people's opinions. anyone. miss white: kevin. kevin: i think that it showed a lot of people that america couldn't be as great a country as they wanted until everybody had equal rights. ahhhh the look. i'll never forget that look. the way that she cocked her cute little head to the side as her eyes met mine. miss white: very good, kevin. |miss white: what other effects do you think that this speech had on people. miss white: kevin.  kevin: um, ii think that, maybe before the speech, people thought of negroes as a group  that maybe they didn't like. but the speech made 'em realize that the negroes are just people and they have the same feelings that all other people do. another look. oh. i it was too good to be true. i was tempted to try for a third|but i didn't want her to pull a muscle in her neck or anything. miss white: people miss white: i haven't dismissed you, have i. miss white: now, today is the last day to sign up for the fall play, and there are still several key roles open. now, as you know, the play is about the civil rights movement miss white: and i hope that today's film will inspire some of you to participate. ok. miss white: class dismissed. miss white: kevin, can i speak with you a minute. kevin: sure. miss white: i was wondering if you'd thought about trying out for the play. kevin: oh, the play. |i loved miss white. but i hated plays. miss white: it's really an exciting new play. it's never been performed before. miss white: in fact  well, the truth is, iiit's actually, well  i wrote it. god, she was cute, but i hated plays. miss white: you'd be perfect for the part of robert kennedy.  i really think that that you have the right presence. well, i guess i did have kind of a kennedyesque thing about me but i hated plays. miss white: so what do you think. kevin: um|i hated the thought of acting i hated the thought of rehearsing i hated the thought of standing up in front of 300 people and making a complete and total fool of myself. kevin: sure.|miss white: great. three looks. the hattrick. it wasn't just my imagination. she felt it. she knew it. she wanted me, too. miss white: well, guess i'll see you tomorrow. kevin: yeah. |kevin: seeya tomorrow. jack: i thought you hated plays. |jack: why do you want to be in a play all of a sudden. kevin: i don't know. no reason. |norma : kevin.|norma: what play is it.  kevin: it's called "the times, they are achangin'". kevin : it's about the civil rights movement and stuff like that. jack: what the hell ever happened to "my fair lady". karen: theater's supposed to be a form of political expression. |karen : dad. jack: not when you're twelve. karen: don't you understand. i mean a play like this can raise people's consciousness about racial oppression. sheesh. norma: watch your tone with your father. |wayne: yeah, and give me that potato if you're not gonna eat it. norma: i think it sounds wonderful. |norma : kevin kevin: um we have to rehearse until fivethirty everyday. um, can you pick me up. norma: oh, gee, i don't know. i'm right in the middle of fixing dinner at fivethirty. norma : jack, do you think, maybe, you could swing by school and pick him up on your way home. jack: i don't get it.  why do you want to be in a play. what was the matter with the man. couldn't he see that i was pursuing a mature love relationship with a beautiful twentyeight yearold woman and all i needed was a ride.|kevin: dad. jack: ok, ok. i'll pick you up. |kevin: yes. kevin: i mean, thanks. kevin : i'm attorneygeneral robert kennedy, and i'm here to see mr. hoover of the fbi. carla : go right in, mr. kennedy. kevin : mr. hoover, i need kevin : more support from you. the negroes are fighting for their rights and we must help them. paul : are you trying to tell me how to run my agency.  kevin : all i am saying is that we should give all the support we can to dr. king. paul : that man is a threat to the american way of life. two students : yeah.|kevin : no, he is not. he's fighting for the cause of freedom. miss white: very good, very good. |miss white : kevin, that was wonderful. miss white : good anger. |kevin: thanks.  miss white : much better, paul. and everyone else, good work. now tomorrow, we'll rehearse the town meeting scene. so, start learning your lines. paul: do you think i came off as unlikable. kevin: paul, you're playing j. edgar hoover. you're supposed to be unlikable. paul: i know. but miss white said i should try to find the complexity in the man. paul: that man is a threat to the american way of life. that man is  a threat to the american way of life. paul : that man is a threat to the american way of life. kevin: miss white.|miss white: yes, kevin. kevin: i just wanted to say that i think a play like this can really raise people's consciousness about racial oppression. miss white: do you really. because that was my hope when i wrote it.  kevin: yeah. i'vei've always felt that theater was supposed to be a form of political expression. miss white: well, that's remarkable. miss white: because so few 12yearolds do. kevin: yeah, i know. most 12yearolds are  so superficial. miss white: yeah. i guess they are. well, it was pretty clear. she didn't see me as any ordinary seventhgrader. she saw me|as a man. a man who understood things like democracy and social injustice. a man who understood her deepest thoughts and feelings. a man. a man jack : kevin.|jack : ready to go. a man who was getting picked up by his father. miss white: well, kevin, is that your father.|kevin: yeah. jack: jack arnold. nice to meet you. |miss white: hi. diane white. it's a pleasure. diane white.|didn't seem to fit. to me, she was more of a miss white. miss white: now, i must tell you, mr. arnold, that kevin is an extraordinary young man. it's a pleasure to have him in my class and, of course, in the play. jack: yeah. he's a good kid. |let's face it i was wellliked. |yeah. nownow, let's go. miss white: he's really a natural actor. jack: yeah. that's funny cause i always thought he hated acting. let's go, let's go. |miss white: really. jack: yeah. you see, in fourth grade kevin you remember this. jack : in fourth grade, he had to play winniethepooh in his class play. jack: and right in the middle of his big scene with piglet in front of the whole school with all the parents his little bear suit splits wide open. kevin: so, jack ready to go. kevin: i mean dad. mister dad. sir. there are two kinds of logic. there's "logic" logic and then there's "12yearoldinlove" logic. whiff.|jack: high and inside. the way i figured it, everything had been going great with miss white until dad came along. |jack: ball two. kevin: what..|jack: too high kevin: that was not. i hated him for it. jack: ow. what are you tryin' to do. jack: break my hand. kevin: that was a strike. and so was the last one.|kevin: nothing. jack: what's the matter with you. kevin : the, uh, the negroes are fighting for their rights and we must help them. paul : are you trying to tell me how to run my agency. paul : i said "are you trying to tell me how to run my agency. " paul : or are you saying that we should just try to help dr. king as much as we can. paul: cause if you are, i disagree. |miss white : ok, let's stop for a moment. miss white: kevin, do you need to go over your lines.|kevin: no. miss white: is something wrong.|"is something wrong. " "is something wrong. " our entire relationship is fizzling like an alkaseltzer and you ask if something's wrong. kevin: can i make a phone call.|miss white: well, sure. miss white : of course. |miss white: take five everybody. paul: five what.|kevin: is jack arnold there. it's kevin arnold. hi, dad. it's me. i'm not going to need a ride home today. yeah, i got one yeah, sure. ok. i'll see you at home bye. paul: seeya. miss white: kevin, isn't your father picking you up. miss white: how are you getting home. kevin: i'll walk, i guess. miss white : can i give you a lift. hello. "each day through my window i watch her as she passes by" "i say to myself, 'you're such a lucky guy'" "to have a girl like her" "is truly a dream come true" "out of all the fellas in the world" "she belongs to you" "but it was just my imagination" "runnin' away with me" "it was just my imagination runnin' away with me" miss white: well, here we are. |kevin: yeah. kevin: here we are. i wanted something to happen. |i didn't know what. i just knew that i couldn't leave that car until something happened. miss white: when do you have to be home. kevin: thanksgiving. miss white: kevin are you all right.  kevin: yeah, fine. |liar, liar, pants on fire. miss white: well, you better get a good night's sleep  miss white: because tomorrow is the big day. kevin: yeah. kevin: guess we won't be seeing each other that much anymore. at least, not professionally. miss white: oh no, i guess we won't. miss white: there's still english class, though you can't get out of that so easily. i had to make a move some kind of move. my moment was slipping away. |kevin: yeah. kevin: miss white.|miss white: hmmm. kevin: you're pretty. miss white: thank you, kevin.  miss white : is there something you want to talk about. no, i didn't want to talk. |i wanted to take her in my arms and kiss her on the lips. i wanted it so bad i thought i would explode. she was right there. |she was two feet away. why couldn't i do it. why wouldn't my muscles move. after all, she was a woman and i was a and that's when i saw it. |as though i was looking down from heaven at that vw bug. i saw an image of myself with miss white. and it was ridiculous. she was a woman|and i was a 12yearold boy. norma : kevin, is that you.. norma: honey, dinner's almost ready. kevin: well i gotta go. kevin: bye, miss white. kevin: thanks for the ride. |miss white: bye, kevin. student : i have a dream that one day student : this nation will rise up and live out the true meaning of its creed. we hold student  : these truths to be selfevident student  : that all men are created equal. student : i have a dream today, that one day, every valley shall be exalted. every hill and mountain shall be made low. waiting backstage that night, i started thinking of that first day i fell in love with miss white|back in the classroom. i thought of the way she had cried at dr. king's speech. and i thought of the way that made me feel. student : this is our hope. this is the faith with which i return to the south. and you know something. in my heart, i really believed that|miss white loved me, too. it wasn't something that could be a part of real life|but that didn't mean it wasn't there. student : my country, 'tis of thee, sweet land of liberty. of thee i sing. and that's when i knew what was going to happen. that's when i knew what i was going to do. paul : hey, kevin.|paul: you ready. you're almost on. i was going to cry. paul: heyhey, kevin what's the matter. i was about to go out to deliver a speech in front of threehundred people and i was gonna cry. student : free at last, free at last. thank god almighty, we are free at last. paul: ok, kevin, this is you. |paul: you're on. paul: come on, kev. kevin : i see a more compassionate america. a nation in which all people black, white and brown have the opportunity to build a better life for their children. kevin : a nation in which all people can live free of oppression and violence. kevin : our answer kevin : is the world's hope. kevin : it is to rely on youth. i don't even remember how i got through that speech. i just remember all the hurt, all the anger all the disappointment, and all the love that fused together and surged through my 12yearold body as i delivered it. kevin : some men see things as they are and ask "why. " i see things as they might be and ask "why not. " miss white: stephen "come gather round people" "wherever you roam" "and admit that the waters around you have grown" "and accept it that soon"|"you'll be drenched to the bone" it was a strange and passionate time. some of our dreams dissolved into thin air. they almost seem comical now. but some of our dreams were lasting and real. the wonder years|season 2 episod 2 borys12@2com. pl )