the wonder years|season 2 episod 9|borys12@2com. pl it's hard to imagine being twelve years old and going without certain things. like three months off in the summertime. or a good bicycle to cruise the neighborhood on. more than anything though, it's hard to imagine being twelve years old and not having a bestfriend like paul pfeiffer. paul was the nicest kid i ever knew. he would have done anything for me i know it. and i would have done anything for him. at least, i always thought i would. kevin : how many homeruns did the yaz hit in 'sixtyfour. paul: oh, ummmmmm fifteen. kevin: career batting average.|paul: that would be threeoh no, wait twoninetyeight. kevin: hobbies.|paul: kayaking paul : and|paul: troutfishing.  what could ya say. the kid loved to talk sports. paul: : ok one more game. |paul: check. the kid loved to play sports. paul: there's nothing stopping this kid.|paul: he's like a machine out there. more than anything, though the kid loved to talk while playing sports. paul : he dribbles right|paul: he dribbles left he's looking for his sweetspot he stops paul: he pops. |paul : ooh, just off the rim. paul: but he gets his own rebound unbelievable. the fact that paul sank maybe two buckets per season really didn't matter that much. paul: and pfeiffer's deliberately working with the ball now. ever the faking player. the titlewinning shot was always right around the corner. paul: and the pressure's on he looks for his sweetspot here comes his supersupreme fadeaway hookshot.|kevin: no, paul. kevin: don't. walter cronkite : soviet tanks and bombers walter cronkite : swept thought the czech capital of prague last night under the dubious guise of restoring order walter cronkite : to the apparently peaceful citizens. |kevin: you aren't palming, paul. paul: i am so. look.|jack: pipe down we're watchin' the news.  walter cronkite : citizens of prague who were shocked and stunned by the assault walter cronkite : offered no military resistance|walter cronkite : to the overwhelming forces. walter cronkite : by dawn, the city was under soviet control. walter cronkite : more, after this tv announcer: irregularity|jack: so  jack: you want to defend your communists, now.|karen: i happen to be a socialist. jack : oh, socialist. i see|norma: honey, did you say you wanted icedtea with dinner. karen: and for your information, that same oppression exists in your own backyard. jack: do you see a tank in my backyard.  i don't see a tank in my backyard. norma : does anyone|norma: not want brussel sprouts with dinner. it was funny how those things would go. |dad would argue karen would argue|and mom would get the ulcer. norma: oh, kevin  please refill that icetray|norma : when you're finished with it. jack: the news is on, folks|karen: talk about fascism walter cronkite : once again, our top story|walter cronkite : there is no joy on the streets walter cronkite : of prague, tonight. soviet forces patrol the city walter cronkite : with one purpose in mind to crush the spirit of the people. mr. cutlip : people|of course, we in the free world need not worry about a totalitarian military because all our totalitarians are busy teaching junior high school. mr. cutlip: when you look back on your lives mr. cutlip: i want you to remember today as the day that we turned you little boys mr. cutlip : into young men. kevin: he's got a dufflebag. i think it's basketball.  unfortunately for mr. cutlip, our spirits were not yet completely crushed. mr. cutlip : if you boys mr. cutlip: want to keep talking, we can spend the rest of the morning running laps. mr. cutlip: would anyone like to tell me cutlip's lapdog, joey harris. the kid had no selfrespect. joey: a basketball, sir.|mr. cutlip : it's much more than a basketball mr. cutlip: harris. people mr. cutlip: i've got the whole world in my hands. mr. cutlip : i don't care if you're black, white mr. cutlip: red, or yellow. mr. cutlip : i'm only interested in seeing one player mr. cutlip: on the basketball court. and that player's name is charlie hustle. capiche. capiche. at that stage we would have agreed to nuclear war to get on the court and play. mr. cutlip: but i can talk and talk strategy. there's only one way to learn basketball. mr. cutlip: diagrams. |once again mr. cutlip had fulfilled the sacred oath of the public educator to take an inherently fun activity, and sap it of every ounce of pleasure. mr. cutlip: so i want to see heads up offense  and i want to see hands up defense.  ok. questions mr. cutlip: good. mr. cutlip: ok let's see, four captains mr. cutlip : norklen, simeonee, rygot, o'hara. mr. cutlip: the rest of you boys stand up on the line.  but just in case there was a little fun left in basketball mr. cutlip : ok.|mr. cutlip: let's pick teams. we would now be turned loose on each other. o'hara: i got jenkins. |rygot: i got schneider. picking teams. it had to be one of the most grueling rituals of childhood. norklen: chiapa. |simeonee: i'll take vogel. |but i figured it wouldn't be long now. i had myself pegged for a second, maybe a thirdround draftchoice. o'hara: evans. |rygot: wheeler. norklen: platt. i guess. alright anytime now. yep i'm ready to play. simeonee: gimme uh, coburn, i guess. that's right over here, o'hara. keep comin'. o'hara: gimme arn|that's it. o'hara: nah, gimme wilson. |ugh. alright now, rygot. come on, man. don't forget those biology notes|rygot: i'll take arnold, i guess ok.|alright. |not too bad top half of the class|there were more than a few poor losers who were worse off than old kevin ar uhhhh did i say losers.|that's harsh. uhoh. this was not good. it was down to paul, and joey harris. to be picked late was bad. |rygot: uh but to be picked last.|rygot: i guess i'll take harris. rygot: ok, fine  i'll take pfeiffer. as soon as we started to play, i knew something was wrong. paul was like a man possessed. unfortunately|he was not like a man possessed of a great deal of athletic ability. kevin : hey, paul. kevin: sure beats crosscountry, huh. paul: you didn't even pass it to me. kevin: well, you weren't open. |paul: oh, yeah, right. i wasn't even being covered.  paul: i'm not that bad, am i.|ouch. the question you hoped they'd never ask. kevin: no, you're not  that bad. paul: you think i stink, don't you. kevin: paul, i didn't say that. i think you're kevin: good. paul: shut up|kevin: look, paul i think you're good how many times do you want me to say it.. you're good, you're good, you're good. paul: just forget it, alright.. direct and to the point. |just take the bull by the horns. kevin: i'm here to talk about gym class, sir. |mr. cutlip: physical education, son.  kevin: oh. yeah, right. physical education. i mean, you're a really great teacher and all, and kevin : but, anyways|kevin: about basketball and everything. i mean, it's really great, and the diagrams are really great, and i'm really gonna try hard, and mr. cutlip: that's the important thing. never be satisfied. mr. cutlip: jellybean. kevin: but  it's the way we pick teams, sir. mr. cutlip: what about it.|kevin: well, uh come on just spit it out. you're right in here. |just say it. simply plainly, honestly kevin: i just don't think it's fair, sir. mr. cutlip: "fair. " it was an amazing thing to watch mr. cutlip's reaction to that word. "fair". it was if that simple utterance was cutting through layers of dead wood. then again, maybe not. mr. cutlip: let me get this straight. mr. cutlip: you're gonna sit there and tell me that i'm being unfair. kevin: no, i i mean|mr. cutlip: life is not fair, arnold. the world  isn't fair. ok|he's getting dangerous|mr. cutlip: i have a steel plate mr. cutlip: in my head.  mr. cutlip: do you think that's fair.. |kevin: no no, i don't. mr. cutlip: i've been teaching this class since before you were toilettrained. but if you don't think it's fair  i'll tell ya what i'm gonna do. i'm gonna make some changes. and mister mr. cutlip : you better like 'em. oh, god. |that was it. "the look". you remember that look. |the one that made it perfectly clear, without a word being exchanged that your teacher|had it in for you. mr. cutlip: it has been brought to my attention mr. cutlip: that certain inequities exist in my modus operandi. mr. cutlip: so today, just to be mr. cutlip: fair  mr. cutlip: i thought we might make a few adjustments. mr. cutlip: we're going to have four new captains. stetson, patkus, grimly, and mr. cutlip: arnold. |mr. cutlip : ok, captains mr. cutlip : front and center. well, i had to hand it to the guy. he'd figured out how to take a situation that had reached rockbottom and make it far worse. he'd made me a captain the perfect torture. stetson: i got rygot. |patkus: i like simeonee. grimly : uh, i got norklen. |as if it wasn't bad enough watching the other kids pick paul last|now i was gonna have to do it, myself. kevin: i'll take kevin: pfeiffer.|like a flash, it hit me. stand up for the little guy. |i'd buck the system. win back the best friend i ever had. or, say|paul: thanks, kevin thanks a lot. completely humiliate the best friend i'd ever had. mr. cutlip : alright, stetson mr. cutlip: come on we don't have all day stetson: uh  i'll take jenkins. |patkus: uh i'll take snyder. grimly: chiapa. mr. cutlip : come on, arnold.|mr. cutlip: time's wasting.  suddenly, the scope of what i was about to do came into focus. kevin: i'll take harris.  and so, onebyone|i picked all the worst kids in the class. yeah, it was crazy. |but sometimes, a guy just knows what a guy's gotta do. and this was one of those times. and when i was done, i looked at them. i looked at my team and i thought|"good god. what have i done. " kevin: just aim for the basket. kevin: time. kevin: what's the matter with you guys.. |kevin : you're not even getting back on defense. kevin: we gotta have teamwork. it was like watching seamonkeys come to life. not as impressive as you'd hoped but at least they were wiggling. kevin: alright, gather 'round here. |maybe, just maybe this could work. |sure, we were outmanned. but we had the brains. |if we worked together as a team if we used our heads and our hearts|and our souls we could beat these guys. |kevin: ok we can do this. unfortunately, we were not only very unathletic, we were also very stupid. and we had a very bad attitude. kevin: what are you doing..|paul: i'm playing basketball. maybe you've heard of it. kevin: you're not even trying.|paul: so what. just leave me alone.  kevin: no, i won't. that play was pathetic.|paul: who cares  kevin: look i know you're not this bad. paul: well, maybe i am. |kevin: well maybe if you got off your butt a little bit, you might be doin' better. paul: gimme the ball. |kevin: nope. forget it. kevin: not if you're not gonna try. |paul: i said give me the ball. and then it happened. it was the miracle. it was the impossible. it was the dream come true. in that instant|that brief ping of rubber against steel basketball became fun again. well, we still got slaughtered. |but for the first time in a long time, it just didn't seem to matter. male : yes, it was that shot, alright. and paul and i got back to the way things used to be. the way they would stay for many years to come. the wonder years|season 2 episod 9|borys12@2com. pl )