in all the years i spent growing up at my parents' house, i don't think i ever heard them use the word "relationship". not once. jack: damn taxes are givin' me indigestion. "indigestion" "taxes" "damn" these were words you heard a lot. i guess my mom just expected my dad to be a good man honest, loyal, a good provider hopefully possessed of good table manners. jack: excuse me. and my dad expected my mom to be a good woman honest, loyal, a good mother jack: what is this. norma: tuna tetrazzini. |and hopefully a good cook. and that was about it. |but if my parents didn't know much about relationships, they knew a lot about marriage. like how to make a jointdecision. |mom would choose what she liked dad would choose what he liked then they'd settle on something|no one of our species could like. they could completely disagree about something, without directly contradicting each other. norma: that was twentynine. |jack: i told you i'm stayin' on seventeen till abbotsville. jack: you think i should have taken twentynine. |norma: i didn't say that. you can stay on seventeen. jack: thank you. norma: but that was twentynine. |one thing my parents would never, ever do is yell at each other in front of the kids. jack: kevin. wayne. i told you to knock it off.|norma: boys. that's enough. course, they had no problem yelling at the kids in front of each other. i guess i never really thought of my parents as being in love. but maybe that's the best thing for a kid to never have to think about it. it's just always there. like the ground you walk on. mr. cantwell : the surface of the earth may look stable mr. cantwell: but it's in constant motion, shifted by molten forces below. mr. cantwell : the shapes of our continents mr. cantwell: so familiar to us today, will shift and reform like so much pond scum. mr. cantwell had such a rosy view of the miracles of science. mr. cantwell : for example mr. cantwell: scientists estimate that in a mere two million years, the united states mr. cantwell: which now looks like this mr. cantwell : will look like this. our onceproud nation shaped like a wienerdog. mr. cantwell : lights up. mr. cantwell: tomorrow, section 6, of "our changing planet", "earthquake and cataclysm. " mr. cantwell : "man's dalliance with death". have a nice day kevin: paul, are you coming.|paul: why does our planet have to change. kevin: what.|paul: why does our planet have to change. paul: i like it the way it is. |paul had a way of taking things a little too much to heart. paul: did you feel something.. i think i just felt something. |kevin: paul. paul: i swear i felt something.|kevin: paul. it's not gonna happen for billions of years it's not like the world's gonna turn upside down overnight or something. norma: oh, kevin.|norma: will you look at this bowl. kevin: yeah.|norma: you think it's big enough for the swedish meatballs. kevin: sure. norma: oh, wayne. you see that bowl.|wayne : yeah. norma : will you take it over to the table.|wayne: sure. norma : oh, not there. |norma: karen that bowl there. karen: this one.|norma: yeah. will you put that in the middle of the table. norma : well i guess that's everything. norma: oh, uh, jack could you lift up that bowl. something about a bowl, here. jack: what.|norma: notice anything different. jack: you changed your hair. |norma: i changed my hair three weeks ago jack: that's what i meant. three weeks ago|norma: no the bowl. norma : didn't anybody notice the new bowl. norma: i made it.|wayne: hmmm kevin: wow.|karen: how'd you make it.. norma: well, i signed up for this ceramics course at the community college. norma : i never would have thought of doing that norma : but joyce lynn sedakis was signing up for it norma : and she said it sounded really neat|norma : and i thought norma: why not..|norma : so, i didn't tell anyone norma : cuz i didn't know if i'd be really good at it. |norma: i mean, i know it's not really good norma : but it's just my first one. |wayne: it's supposed to be lopsided. norma : well, no|norma : i tried to karen: i think it's cool that it's lopsided. |karen: i mean, it's like more naturallooking. norma: it really is kind of neat, you know. |norma : you put this piece of clay on the potter's wheel norma : you flip the switch, poke your fingers into it, and it just turns into a bowl like magic. norma : it's amazing to think of all the things you could do with this wayne : mom. that's fascinating. |wayne: maybe we could talk about it over dinner. i could tell my mother was waiting for something. although she wasn't gonna come right out and ask it. she wanted my father to say he liked the bowl. and he knew she wanted him to say he liked the bowl. and she knew he knew she wanted to to say he liked the bowl but for some reason|that i don't think any of us understood he wasn't saying it. norma: so what do you think, honey.|a direct question. this was a bold and unexpected move. jack: smells great. jack: let's eat. paul: the entire subcontinent of india was once an island. paul: in the early tertiary period, it began moving toward asia, and eventually the two collided, forcing the himalayas violently upward. kevin: paul all we have to do is find four major faultlines, and then we'll be done. paul: where is india going.|paul: asia's not gonna budge. it's crazy. kevin: come on, paul. faultlines. |paul: oh, you want faultlines. there's millions of 'em. paul: they're everywhere.|kevin: i don't care about millions of 'em. we only need four. paul: there could be one right under this house it could blow any time. kevin: paul.|paul: ok, um paul : where's the map. but paul was startin' to get to me. i kept thinkin' of the time we cut open the golf ball. all nice and smooth on the outside, and on the inside all that wound up, wormy rubber. it was creepy. and, then i started to think, what if paul : kevin.|kevin: huh. paul: wwhat's this.|kevin : i don't know kevin: i think it's a candleholder, or something. paul: it's weird.|kevin: no, it's not weird. my mom made it. she's taking a pottery class. paul: how come.|kevin: i don't know. maybe she figured we need pots. jack : where's my cup.. wayne: uh, i think kevin used it. |kevin: i did not. wayne: i'm sorry|wayne: but in a situation like this|wayne : we must explore all avenues. jack: norma.. where's my cup.. i guess i should mention, here that my dad had this cup. it had a picture of fish playing poker on it. and it said "greetings from independence, missouri". he loved that cup. jack: what is it doin' way back there. norma: i made you a new one. |jack: oh norma: see. i made the handle bigger so it's easier to use. jack: oh|norma : i just thought this was all stained and chipped norma : and i just wanted you to have a nice, new cup for a change. jack: but i don't wanna change. i like my old cup. norma: honey, if you don't like the cup i made|norma : you don't have to use it. jack: oh, ok. alright, i'll use it. |norma: no, you don't have to. norma : i don't want you to use it if you don't like it, jack |jack: i want to use it. ya notice he didn't say he liked it. kevin: well, maybe you could use both cups, dad kevin : see, that way, you wouldn't have to kevin: get up and pour yourself a second cup. karen: this is nice, mom. |norma: yeah. you really think so. karen : yeah. yeah i do. |karen : i i think it's really interesting. norma: richard said it has a real feeling of texturality or textuality, or something. jack : nhhhnn. dad's grunt meant "who is this richard " "and why is he talking to my wife about textuality. ". norma : richard had to teach a blind man, once norma: how to throw pots so he taught himself how to do it with his eyes closed. karen : that's really beautiful. and that meant "i wonder how far i could throw this guy with my eyes closed. " norma: now, richard's teaching himself to pot with his feet. norma : because there's this man with no hands that night at dinner, things were quiet. too quiet. i didn't know what my parents were so mad about. i just wished they'd say something. i didn't even mind if they yelled at me, at least it would be something they could do together. that was it.|if i just did something really, really bad then dad would yell at me|then mom would yell at me, and then both would yell at me and before ya knew it they'd be thinking and feeling as one. jack: kevin, what the hell are you doin'..|ok. that's great. now, mom wayne: tonight.  why you sleep, pal. woops. mr. cantwell: who can tell me where the mostdevastating earthquake mr. cantwell : in the last 200 years took place. hmmm. mr. cantwell: 1811, missouri. one minute mr. cantwell : a peaceful plain of small towns mr. cantwell : and rolling farmland. the next minute mr. cantwell : bingo, a hellish nightmare of death and devastation. kevin : i glued it together. kevin: so it works, now. kevin: so, if anyone wants to use it it'll be right here. kevin: unless it gets up and walks away. i thought i'd close with a joke. jack : don't we have any pepsi.|norma: oh, no we're out. jack: oh jack: you goin' to the store.|norma : i hadn't planned to jack : where are ya goin'.|norma: class. jack: i thought you had class on wednesday|norma: i have to take my vase out of the kiln. jack : well, you gonna stop at the store on the way home.|norma : if you want me to jack : i didn't say i wanted you to|jack: but if you're going to, you can get me some pepsi. norma: ok norma : you want pepsi. i'll get you pepsi. jack: nah, forget it. i'll drink the fresca. norma : you want pepsi, i'll get pepsi. |norma: i said i'll get it, ok.. jack : nah, forget it. |jack: ok. norma: fine.|jack: fine. this was gettin' weird. i'd never seen my parents like this. the tension was becoming unbearable. we all felt it. each in our own way. tv announcer: through the sceondary and it looks like he'll go all the way however, he's tripped up at the forty yard line|kevin : fourth down. |kevin: think they'll go for it. kevin: they were in the same situation last week. and they went for it. remember. kevin: yeah, it was really stupid. it almost cost them the game. so, what do you think they'll go with. kevin: the draw play. think that'll be their best shot, huh. jack: what is this.|kevin: it's an ashtray. jack: doesn't look like an ashtray kevin: well, uh, i think, um|kevin: these are where the cigarettes go, and the ashes fall down here. kevin: see.|jack: what does she think. we're gonna have twohundred people smokin' here at once. kevin: i don't know jack: why can't she make an ashtray that looks like an ashtray. kevin: i don't know|i didn't know. i didn't really know why it mattered what her ashtray looked like. but something here obviously mattered. kevin: so, dad. |jack: hmmm. kevin: did you know that india used to be an island. jack: hnnn kevin: hi, mom.|kevin: you made that..|norma: uh huh kevin: that's really nice. i like that. karen: hey, mom that is beautiful. look at this norma: yeah that one didn't turn out too bad, did it.|kevin: no it's really good. norma: you know, i didn't follow instructions on this one. richard told us to keep our eyes closed, and when he shut his i peeked. karen: you are turning into such a rebel. i mean tomorrow, we're gonna come home and find you burning your bras. |norma: karen. karen: you know, mom, you should make more like this one. i mean, i bet you could sell 'em at the little craft store down by the movie theater. norma : you really think so.|karen : yeah. jack: did you get the pepsi. norma: oh i forgot. |jack : great. norma : well, i'm sorry. |norma : i just forgot. jack: i know|norma : i'm sorry norma: don't get upset. i'll just go get it now. |jack : i'm not upset. jack : it's just you said you were going to get the pepsi. jack : if you knew you were going to forget i could have gotten it myself. jack: i mean, you shouldn't say you're gonna get pepsi for someone if you're just gonna forget to get it. norma: oh, i see.  i'm just supposed to know when i'm gonna forget something. jack: sure.  i knew you were going to forget. time to check the score on the old ballgame. |there really wasn't much i could add to the conversation. karen: you know, dad. sometimes you can be such a male chauvinist pig. karen, on the other hand|somehow knew just the right thing to say. jack: where're you goin'.|norma: i better get your pepsi while it's still fresh on my mind. jack: don't bother i'll get it. |norma: no, that's ok, jack i'll get it. jack: no, i said i'll get it|norma : don't break it.|jack: i'm not gonna break it, norma. norma : just because you hate my pottery is no reason to smash it to pieces. jack : i don't hate your pottery.|notice he didn't say he liked it. norma: well, you certainly act like you hate it.|jack: now, what's that supposed to mean.. norma: it means that from the moment i started doing this you haven't had one nice thing to say. jack: well, maybe i'm not big on pottery.|jack : so sue me. norma : well, you certainly seem fond of your stupid little fish cup. i've never seen anyone so attached to anything since kevin had to give up his blankie. jack : i don't want to talk about this. norma: well maybe i do, jack. it's not fair you're making me feel like i'm doing something wrong. jack: you're crazy. i'm not makin' you feel anything. norma : oh, sure you've been a regular "mr. sunshine". norma : you know, jack, the kids all say "that's nice, mom". my friends say "that's nice, norma". norma : my teacher says "very good, mrs. arnold". and you say "where's the pepsi.. " jack: i really don't have time for this. |norma: i spend my time trying to make something nice for the family and you don't even have the common courtesy to say you like it. jack: don't gimme that, norma. this family does't need an ashtray for twohundred people. this family needs pepsi. norma : that is the stupidest thing i've ever heard in my life, jack. you should listen to yourself "i want my pepsi. i want my cup. " norma: you sound like an infant.|jack : don't you ever ever. jack : speak to me in that tone of voice. norma : i'll speak the way i want to|jack: fine don't expect me to listen to it. the silence that filled our house that night was like ice. my dad didn't come home till after midnight. norma: ow. damn. i know it sounds strange but that was the first time i'd ever seen my parents alone together. jack: did you burn yourself. norma: uhhuh jack: it's ok. norma: yeah jack: that's good i guess sometimes the ground can shift beneath your feet. sometimes your footing slips you stumble. and sometimes, you grab what's closest to you, and hold on as tight as you can. |the wonder years season 2 episod 6 borys12@2com. pl )