you never forget your first job. i know i remember mine. harris' hardware store. down the hill from where i lived. the year i started tenth grade. it was the kind of place you don't see much of anymore. filled to the rafters with brackets, and bolts, and old screens. ya know, stuff on the cuttingedge of obsolescence. it started as a summer job but once school began, mr. harris cut back my hours so i could keep working. with the allowance dad was paying me, i had no choice. mr. harris : what do you meanmr. harris: you can't ship on orders of less than a gross. since when. old man harris. "mr. hardware" himself. let me tell you something. i've been ordering what i need from you people since before you were born. mr. harris : you heard my offer i stand by it. are we looking, or working. working. then what stopped you. nothing. then get to work. yessir. as far as i could tell, his system of organizing the merchandise was based on the maximum number of times i could climb from the bottom shelf to the top shelf and back again. not so fast what are these. they're bolts you sure. uhyeah toggle bolts. mr. harris: used for what. kevin: used forfastening things. kevin: in plasterboard. mr. harris: good. it wasn't enough he knew everything about the business he seemed to think i should, too. mr. harris: soshould they go with the sheetmetal bolts, or over therecloser to the plaster supplies. kevin: well, i with the plaster supplies. do it then. not that i wasn't grateful for the education. i wasn't. kevin : gimme a break what was that. nothing. kevin: mr. harris, shouldn't we knock off. it's almost six o'clock. so. so. mr. harris: almost six o'clock is not six o'clock. besides, there might be customers. sam. mrs. harris: why don't you let him go a little early. mr. harris : wellpfff alright. mr. harris : alright. kevin: thanks, mrs. harris. and there ya had it. two days a week after school saturday's till six i hauled, packed and loaded my life away for a grand total of eighteen bucks and change. not that money was my only reason for being there. i had a bigger reason. a more compelling reason. jack: sohow was work today. my father had gotten me the job. work's work. old man's runnin' your tail off, huh. kevin: kinda. for some reason dad's in seeing his youngest child doing time at hard labor. come to think of it so did my entire family. wayne: so how was your day, honey. kevin: shut up, butthead. norma: i think it sounds like fun working in a storemeeting people norma : talking to customers kevin: wellsee, mom, that's part of the problem. no one jack : old man harris. jack: he's oneofakind. nobody knows hardware like he does. jack: do you know, he sold me my first full set of tools i ever owned. kevin: yes. i do, dad. but jack: that was before either of you were even born. kevin: look. kevin: it's boringit's hard work kevin: and it's no fun, ok. ok.. just to set the record straight, here. jack: no fun. oh, no who the hell ever said a job is supposed to be fun. well, i didn't mean let me just give you a piece of advice. listen to the old guy pay attention. he just might teach you something. that was that. i was stymied by timeless values and and ironclad work ethic. which left only one place to turn. "takin' care of business " bachman turner overdrive the mall. hillcrest plaza "onestop shopping". a browser's bonanza. a teenagers "field of dreams". whois that. gretchen tyler. eleventh grade. kevin : she goes to our school. the place to ponder the burning issues of life. come on, guys. i think i need some fries. yeah. yeah this was the ticket. girls to the left of us. girls to the right. girls nine deep around some kid in a stupid hat and a plastic nametag. paul : i don't believe it. paul: look at that guy lewis: robby cashion. he's in my biology class. made ya wonder where his dad bought his first set of tools. lewis: sure beats working in a hardware store. huh, kev. speaking tools. what's that supposed to mean. yeah. there's nothing wrong with his job. thanks paul. i mean, it's one thing for me to grouse about my job except for the long hours and old man harris. and that stupid tie. lewis : tell me about it. ah, what did they know, anyway. some guys got all the glamour so what. there were certain benefits to working where i worked. flange pipestop shelf. mr. harris : now, be sure you check the inventory thoroughly. okthe benefits stunk. that didn't mean there weren't opportunities here. excuse memy husband says we need a washer. oh, your husband is a plumber. oh, no he's an accountant. ohso is my oldest. he does my taxes. i never let him near my sink. yep the chance to watch a master salesman at work. now let me see this. ohrubber one crack and you lose the seal. now brass, copper are very goodthey last. mr. harris : absolutely indestructible. mr. harris: unless you have hard water then you get rust. do you have hard water, or soft. woman: i'm not sure. umlook i have to meet the fivefifteen my husband will be waiting woman: why don't i just come back another time. well thanks anyway let's face itthe old man's idea of salemanshipwas a little outmoded. so, seemed it was up to me to bring him into the twentieth century. mr. harris. what.. one the otherhand kevin: welli was just thinking. do i really have to wear this tie. i mean, 'cause if it's ok with you, i'd just as soon let me tell you something. when you're outside playing, you can wear what you want. but when you're in here working you'll wear the tie. am i understood. kevin: yessir. needless to say, the whole thing hadn't gone as well as i'd hoped. hey, robby. wait up. so i decided to explore the alternatives. kevin: i saw you the other day at the mall kevin: and i was just wonderingdo you like your job. robby: oh, wellyeah it's ok. you knowit's a job. kevin: andwhat do you have to do there. robby: i don't knowyou serve stuff you hang out. and that's it. well, all the fries you can eat. seemed like a job for a special kind of guy. like sayme. why. ya interested. nah how much do they pay. uh, a buck sixty an hour. buck sixty an hour. even dadcouldn't argue with economic reality. dad. i've been thinkin'. hnnhnh you work hardfor your money, right. hnh. sosay you workin' somewhere, and you thought you deserved more. you'd do somethin' about it, right. jack: you betcha. kevin: even if it meantmakin' your boss mad. jack: buck's a buck. there. sounded like a clear mandate to me. jack: thinkin' about asking old man harris for a raise. kinda hnnhnh. and, with that ringing endorsement in hand, i made up my mind. mr. harris. yes. there was only one way to do this. honestlydirectly. kevin: i don't think i'm gonna be able to make it on saturday. oh. yeah. actually, i don't think i'll be able to come in at all anymore. mr. harris: i see. kevin: yeah kevin: see there's this other job i might be taking. mr. harris: and where is this new place of employment. in the mall. the mall. that's where you want to go to work. selling crap that doesn't work to people that don't need it in the first place. mr. harris: what would you be doing. kevin: working. in a restaurant. kevin: "food service management". ah, what the hell. it's a burgerjoint. mr. harris: and this is how you want to spend your time flipping hamburgers and watching the girls walk by. bingo. he finally understood. kevin: no mr. harris: then why would you do a thing like this. kevin: because they pay fifteen cents more an hour. mr. harris: ohso that's it. i see. mr. harris: fifteen cents an hour sure it was a bitter pill but what else could the guy do. i'll pay you twenty. what. mr. harris: just prove to me that you're worth it sweep. rats. uhcertainly. great. mr. harris: of course, anytime you have a social engagement, and work interferesyou just let me know. we'll close the store. hey, look all i'm asking for here is a just we have an agreement. mr. harris: you work here tuesdays, thursdays, and saturdays. and i pay you what now. one dollar and sixty five centsan hour. maybe now you would like me to pay you doubletime for the days you don't work. and that's when it hit me. the guys had been right. i wasn't an employee, here. i was in bondage. i was. a slave. i had to act. put this in perspective. jobstress was getting me down. jack: huh. yeah, sureyour mother and i were up half the night. this damn drip. what's up. kevin: it's about mr. harris. jack: yeahi heard you got a raise. that's terrific. kevin: yeahwell kevin: what's the matter. jack: well, it came apart okput in a new washer, and now i can't seem to get itto hold together. kevin: where's your bib screw. jack: huh. kevin: you know your bib screw. probably fell down the drain. kevin : it happens all the time. they're easy to replace. and the way he looked at me, for one secondi almost felt good abouthardware. kevin: you know, we sell bib screws down at harris'. jack: ah, that's ok. i'll probably shoot over to the mall. the mall. well, it's closereasier to park jack: besides, you know the old man jack: if i stop inhe'll talk to me for hours, chewin' my ear off. jack : i don't have that kind of time. you know what i mean. i couldn't believe it. this man"mr. listenandlearn" was telling mehe didn't have time. kevin: sure, dad. i know what you mean. but i didn't. i just didn't. i meant to go right to work that afternoon. but when i got to the storefor some reason i didn't go in. i didn't want to be there, anymore. hell, i knew nobody else did either. i went to the mall. hung out with friends. it was busyand alive. i hardly thought about old mr. harris at all. well, not much, anyway. by the time i got back, i guess i pretty much figured he was gonna fire me. maybe i was just hoping he would. you're late. i know kevin: mr. harris, can i talk to you. mr. harris : very well. mr. harris: you were late today. i understandyou needed to prove something. it's alright, it's forgotten. i'll see you on tuesday. kevin: well, i'm not going to be coming in anymore. you see i took the job at the mall i start monday. don't be foolish. you work here. kevin: but i don't want to work here anymore. don't you understand that. mr. harris: you're a bright boy. you could make something better of yourself. kevin: i wouldn't call stocking hardware something better. mr. harris: oh, i see. kevin: mr. harris, all i do here is move cartons from one shelf to the other, and listen to you talk about hardware. kevin: no one even comes in here anymore no one wants to. mr. harris : is that so. mr. harris: let me tell you something sam. the hardware business mrs. harris : samthe boy wants to go. kevin: you don't even need me here most of the time. mr. harris: i know that. mr. harris: i would like you to keep working here, but i won't try to make you stay. mr. harris: i've made my offer. i stand by it. woman : excuse me woman: about that washeri asked my husband, and he said we have hard water. kevin: yesthen you'll need plasticbecausemetal rusts in hard water. what you gets want. kevin: no, it's ok. it's only a nickel. thank you. come again. i felt him watching me. and somehow, i knew what he was thinking. how much i learned, how much he taught me. but i was fifteen. i lived in a world that was new and alive, and exciting. and everything here was old. maybe it was stupid. that's also part of being fifteen. i traded in my tie for a stupid hat and a plastic nametag at the mall. when i left a month later no one cared. but every time i pick up a flathead screw, i think of old man harris, and how those cowbells clanged as i walked out that door. and even though i can't say exactly what i gained i know i can't measurewhat i lost. every time it rains it rains "pennies from heaven" billie holiday pennies from heaven don't you know each cloud contains pennies from heaven you'll find your fortune falling all over town be sure that your umbrella is upside down trade them for a package of sunshine and flowers if you want the things you love you must have showers so when you hear it thunder don't run under a tree there'll be pennies from heaven for you and me .  : iamy1004  )