genetics. the heartbeat of heredity the lynchpin of the family. parents supply their children with the same basic building blocks. the same blood types. the same involuntary responses. the same essential genepool. yet, despite all this potential for similarity sometimes things get confused. sometimes, mother nature, in all her wry sense of humor goes off and creates move, butthead. total and complete opposites. try to get some toothpaste in your mouth it might help, buttbreath. like me and my brother, wayne. it was hard to believe we ever occupied the same womb. that's disgusting. where's the deodorant. you haven't even showered yet. well, i'mdrycleaning. the only thing we had in common was our complete and utter contempt for one another. you're really gross. you know that. so. wayne.. how many times i have to tell ya to leave my things alone. i'm sorry, dad. uh, it'll never happen again. all in all my brother and i were just two different branches on the family tree. me, the good branch wayne the deadend. you got the wedding invitation, norma. it's in my beautycase, honey. we should take route 93 through hutsonville and avoid the traffic. i can't believe that iris is finally getting married. april, 1972. history was being made. for the first time in our lives, our parents were leaving us alone for the weekend. to us it meant freedom, independence. boys. the white casserole dish is for tonight, and the coldcuts are for saturday. and, of course, instructions. right, mom. there's a list of chores on the fridge. i want them done when we get back. right, dad. and wayne don't leave your towels by the heater while we're gone i won't. you did last week, and look what happened. wi put it out. wayne. honey we better go. yeah. and you have the number where we'll be right, mom. right, mom. and don't forget those chores. and don't tie up the line in case we want to call you. and i don't want a lot of kids over here while we're gone this weekend ya got that.. dad. we're not babies, anymore we can take care of ourselves. well, in a manner of speaking, anyway. don't worry, dad i'll look after him not that as loyal loving children we weren't going to miss our parents dad. yeah. you gonna give us any money. here's a twenty. it's the smallest i got. split it. thanks. are you sure you two boys are gonna be alright. yeah, mom. have a good time. yeah. don't do anything i wouldn't do. bye. and with that don't be late for school. my parents were gone. leaving us to defend the arnold family fortress. well i'm outta here. wait a minute. you're going to school early. no. there's no school today it's a holiday. it's national "parents go away day. " so much for defending the old fortress hey. hey, what about my money. wayne, ya owe me ten bucks. oh. fresh out of change. wayne. i'm sorry it'll never happen again don't wait up for me, honey. and suddenly, for the first time in my life i found myself completely alone. with one empty house two days to myself and nothing to do but i know. let's have a party. head directly for trouble. come on, guys my parents said they didn't want a lot of people there. what people. it's just us guys. we just thought since you have a whole house to yourself, you might want to take advantage of it. what are we gonna do at my house. everything. hang out. stuff our faces order pizza. stupid question. maybe we could get some beer. yeah. we can drink till our heads hurt. come on, kevin it'll be great. i don't know after all, certain rules had been set and nothing could be said to make me break them. look, guys if kevin's parents said not to have anyone in the house, then he shouldn't have anyone in the house. period. nothingexcept that. i didn't say that, paul. great. so are we havin' a party or not.. yeah, well maybe we could do something. play poker but just us guys. yeah, alright. like i said i could handle this. i was the responsible son. nice of you to get out of bed, butthead. shut up, troll. besides, what's the hurry. well, for one thing, it's eleven o'clock what. what do you have a plane to catch. no but dad did leave some chores for us to do. oh. wax wayne's car. hehheh. that's not on the list, nimrod. it is now. there ya go. wayne we have to get this stuff done. sorry i made other plans. well, i made other plans, too, ya know. wayne: like what. kevin: welli'm having a party here, tonight. wayne: you're having a party. what are you gonna do rent a pony. kevin: no. just some of the guys are comin' over to play poker. wayne: that's not a party. wayne: that's a butthead convention. hold on, here. kevin: hey. what are you doing tonight that's so great.. wayne: well, it just so happens wayne: there's a guy from north central, who's having a beerblast, sodon't leave the light on for me. kevin: fine. i won't. hey, what did i care. after all, i was gonna have a pretty wild time of my own. kevin : who's bet is it. chuck : i don't know randy : is there anymore pizza. assuming your idea of a wild time was an evening of neverending boredom. kevin: ricky, come on, will ya. ricky: don't rush mei'm thinking. ricky: i fold. randy : i don't believe this paul: i'll raise. randy: i'll see ya. kevin: randy. kevin: watch it will ya. this is my dad's good cardtable. chuck: yes, mrs. arnold. randy: you'll never be able to see it once it dries ricky: man, this is the worst party i've ever been to paul: you said it. the thing wasthey were right. we had hit rockbottom. kevin: look this was your idea in the first place. kevin : if you guys know so much about havin' a great time kevin : well, what are ya gonna do about it. randy: we could invite some girls ok possibly a mistake, here. paul: are you kidding. paul: it's seventhirty on a saturday night.  how are we gonna get girls. chuck: well, i know it's late, but. . well, it's gonna be a lot of fun. chuck: um, his parents are out of town. the first rule of sophomore boys. if it's female call it. if it answers invite it. chuck: chuckchuck. chuck : i'm in your bio class. chuck: no. not chuck thorson. chuck coleman. chuck: but, um. chuck thorson'll be there chuck: great. uh, seeya. guys: what'd she say.. chuck: she's coming. randy : great. ricky : cool. chuck: and. she's bringing her sister. hold the phone. kevin: what.. a party was one thing. a fullscale orgy was something else. kevin: chuck, wait a minute. i thought i said one girl each. chuck: what was i supposed to do. chuck: tell her she couldn't come. randy: yeahgive him a break. kevin: ok. but kevin: from now on, just one per guy, ok. and, from such tiny concessions ricky: my turn. do fullscale catastrophies grow. alice: hi, kevin. ricky: oh, hi, alice. not that it started out so badly. guy1: hey, this is it. are we here. guy2: alright. kevin: who are they. alice: this is my brother, charlie, his friend, eddy, eddy's cousin deborah and her best friend carolyni needed a ride. alice: is that ok with you. kevin: well ricky: hey, yeah. the more the merrier. come on in. girl: it's really neat. kevin: yeah, sure. kevin: just make yourselves at home randy: what's the matter, kev. kevin: randy i said a couple of people. kevin: now i got. brothers and cousins and friends randy: come on, kev you gonna relax and have a good time or not. kevin: well kevin: ok. after all, how much worse could things get. guy : hey, man. guy: isis there a party here. inside guy : yeah come on in. a lot worse. guy4: hi. kevin: hi. guy4: nice house. by around nine o'clock my modest gettogether was turning intoa happening. there were people i was glad to see girl: hi. those i was surprised to see and those i'd never seen before in my life. still, i kept telling myself, things were under control. even though they weren't. paul: kev great party. kevin: what are you talking about.. this is a disaster. chuck: i'll say it's a disaster. and there, finally the voice of reason in the crowd. chuck: we're out of food. kevin: what.. guy: hey. look what i found. guy: a casserole. but not only were matters getting out of hand guy: will you look at this. kevin: can you get your head outta there.. they were getting into the wrong hands. guy: who are you. kevin: uh, i'm, uhkkevin arnold. kevin: who are you. guy: i'm a friend of betsy wagner. kevin: who's she. and just when i thought things had reached rockbottom they went into negative numbers. kevin: shut up, everyone. kevin: i think it's my parents. guy: shhh. kevin: hello. kevin: chuckwhere are you. kevin : chuck how could you leave your wallet on my dresser. chuck: shhh. keep your voice down. i took it out when the girls came over. kevin: why.. chuck: cuz it made my rearend look lumpy. alright. kevin: look just hurry up, ok.. all i wanted to do was get back to my unprotected house as soon as possible. chuck: ok. chuck: got candy chuck: potato chips chuck: some pretzles chuck : crackers cashier: that'll be twosixtyfour. chuck: and uhwe'll, uh chuck: we'll also take, uh, we'll take this. kevin : chuck. chuck: don't worry, kev. chuck: i'll pay for it. cashier: you got an i. d. for that. chuck: sure. sure cashier: "richard piedmont". chuck: well, it it's chuckfor short. cashier: twentyseven. chuck: my mother smoked.  cashier: what year were you born. chuck: april twentysecond, 1945 chuck : i live at threeohthree grant street, i weigh a hundredandsixtysix pounds, i have blue eyes chuck: and i'mnearsighted. chuck: how did he know. kevin: maybe you don't look nearsighted, chuck. chuck: you know, next timei'm gonna squint. kevin: look, chuck let's just get out of here, ok.. chuck: jeez, kev. you're a little testy, tonight. you know that.. "testy". i was fed up. kevin: look. chuck i've had it. kevin: this whole thing has gotten completely out of control. kevin: as a matter of fact, the minute i get home everyone's out of there. ok.. and, that was that. case closed. chuck: look. beer. a whole keg. guy: yeahwe're goin' to a great party. guy: you guys need a lift. kevin: no. chuck: where is it. guy : uh, it's guy : about ten blocks from here. guy: some kid named, uh guy: arnold. a lot of things raced through my head, driving home that night. things like arrest. imprisonment. death. radio: and this one goes out to all the guys and gals partying tonight at kevin arnold's house. but nothing and i mean nothingcould have prepared me for what i saw. i, kevin arnold, had thrown the mother of all parties. it was six a. m. when the last guest left. after three hours of cleaning, i'd barely scratched the surface. it was like trying to straighten up after woodstock. still it wasn't the cigaretteburns or carpetstains that worried me most. wayne : hey, butthead are you home. wayne : ohmygod. wayne: what happened.. kevin: shut up, wayne. wayne: this is unbelievable. wayne: man, are you in trouble. kevin: you think so. wayne: there's no doubt about it. kevin: what am i gonna do. wayne: well, uh, if it were up to me wayne: i'd probably kill myself. kevin: wayne you gotta help me. wayne: hey relax. wayne: the folks don't get home till four wayne: and that gives you about three hours wayne: to get the place in shape what a comfort. kevin: wayne, where are you going. aren't you gonna give me a hand. wayne: oh, i'm sorry. wayne: i'm all booked up this afternoon. clearly it was time for a lastminute desperate plea. kevin: wayne. wayne, come on you gotta help me. wayne: you knowi actually think this is gonna be good for you. and i guess that's when i realized wayne arnold my brother my own fleshandblood had the heartof a toadstool. kevin: fine. kevin: if you don't want to help me, then i'll do it myself. hey, i didn't need him. i didn't need anyone. except maybe a priest. or a registered nurse. wayne: boy wayne: this really isn't your day. wayne: hi. kevin: thanks. wayne : hi, mom. hi, dad. wayne: you guys are home a bit early. norma: well, you know your father wayne : yeah, good old dad. jack: everything ok. wayne: yeah. everything's fine. wayne: how about you, kev. but somehow there were just no words to express it. jack: well, i'm goin' in. you boys bring in the luggage. jack : it's good to be home. and so, it came down to this. a tragic end to the age of innocence. a farewell to the era of parental trust. wayne: maybe they won't notice. the thing isi was prepared for the yelling, screaming, the gnashing of teeth. but what i wasn't prepared for was the complete and utter silence. norma: what happened.. well, maybe this was justice. a payback for all the times i'd laughed at wayne when he got in trouble. jack: i don't believe this. in any case there was no way out. kevin: lookdad. kevin: i know you're angryand kevin : you have every right to be, because jack: kevin. jack: you stay out of this. kevin: what. jack: wayne jack: how could you do somethin' like this.. wayne: what.. kevin: no dad jack: wayne. i want an answer i want an answer now. course, he should have told. it was the moment he had been waiting for his whole life. wayne: i'm sorry. wayne: it'll never happen again. but he didn't. i'm not sure why he didn't. maybe he saw it was futile to try to explain. maybe he knew how much harder my parents would be on me than on him. or maybe he forgot, and thought he really did it. jack: we'll talk about this later, wayne. right nowstart cleaning this mess up. or just maybe for that one afternoon kevin: wayne my brother saw in me, a little bit of himself. wayne: you knowyou really are a butthead. growing up brothers is kind of a mixed bag. strangers. warriors. enemies. idiots. friends. one day you fight to the death. the nextyou'd lay down your lives for each other. i never did say "thanks" to wayne for what he did. but i washed his corvair. and waxed it, too. i figured, hey any guy who did that deserved a shiny car. )