i love you like i'll never love another" "with the wild heart of" "the young" "but it took until now to uncover" "oh, if i'd only known it then" "oh, if i'd only known it then" "i loved you like i'll never love another" "with the wild heart of the young" "but it took until now to uncover" "oh, if i'd only known it then"   by the time you've made it to age sixteen you pretty much know all there is to know. couple burgers, fries, and two shakes. there you go. / thanks. about history, philosophy the world. hey, kev. / hey. about life. there's virtually no situation you can't handle. here ya go. / thanks. can i get you anything else. no. it looks great. i put the relish on the side. that's just the way i like it. yeah, you're on top of your game the pinnacle of poise, the essence of cool. no doubt about it from the right thing to wearto the right place to sit to the right person to sit with. at sixteen, you pretty much learned it all. well, almost all. are you sure you got enough relish, kevin. huh. okso there's one subjectyou're just as dumb about as you ever were. winnie. it's not what you think. i, uh, just, i, uh yeah. love. what's the matter.stomach feeling a little queasy is it.. feels like the least little thing might set it off.. winnie, please maybe i should get you something to eat. how about somecole slaw.. liver.. fried squid.. winnieugh oh, you poor thing, you're not comfy. let me fix your pillows. oh, you have fever, you're burning up. that's ok, i'll help you. poor baby, now you're cold.well here's your blankie.. you're rude, insensitive, thoughtless, and smug. that's the most insensitive thing i've ever heard in my life. you don't understand anything, kevin. you don't understand anything at all. well, i, uh, i just, uh i hope you're hungry. like i said, at sixteen you've learned nothing. nothing at all. adolescence. the age of maturity, confidence, boundless selfassurance. and let's not forgetunutterable misery. fortunatelyin times of crisis every teenager has a secret weapon. his friends. so, uhwhat happened. what. winnie. what did you do. that's just it. i didn't really do anything. i just ordered some food. right. man, you blew it. / thanks, paul. hey, come on. take it easy on the guy. i mean, his best girl just walked out on him. yeah, that's right. yeah, that's the thing about friends. they're always there. with sympathysupport. soshe's probably not going to eat that hamburger, right. yeah, can i have her fries. don't let that shake go to waste. but most of all, growing up they're the guys that never fail you. who never lose faith in you. you can't do that. / yes, i can. kevin, we're talking about winnie cooper here. i mean, get real. well, what's your point. look, i just know that if carla dumped me, i could never go and talk to her about liking the guy she dumped me for. she didn't dump me, paul. especially if it's somebody like kirk mccray. it doesn't bother me, ok. somebody older who's, like, twice my size. what difference does that make. who's got muscles out to here and a dark tan in the middle of the winter. well, maybe i'm not like you, paul. maybe i'm just a little more secure than that, ok. yeah, sure. there's no way that i can't talk to winnie. we're still friends. all i have to do is go up to her and say somehow. someday. somewhere. somewhere. kev you gotta do something about this. like what. like. talk to her. yeah, it always worked for me. when did it work for you. well, hypothetically. yeah, you're right. after allthere are some quandaries in a young man's life that even his friends can't solve for him. go on, kev. give it a shot. yeah. times when a teenager has to stand up and act from his heart. draw on his vast experience. and let poetry do the rest. is there something i can do for you, kevin. i need to talk to winnie. i'm sorry, but that won't be possible. i just have to explain. gwendolyn doesn't wish to speak to you right now. i hope i made myself clear. kevin. winnie. i just want you to know thati know you don't have to say anything. justknow that i know. ok. know what. winnie. paul told me. and i'm glad he did paul told you. well, yeah. isn't that great.. paul told you.. / he says you're crazy about me. i got this for you. it's not much, but i mean, they had this great one for 48 bucks but, uhanywayit's stainless and rustproof, andi'd like you to wear it. i can't take it. okso vast experience doesn't always apply. when you're sixteen, you have other tools at your disposal things like yes. can we help you. logic. winniecome onyou're being ridiculous. you're blowing this whole thing out of proportion. you're completely overreacting. i mean, haven't you ever looked at another girl. and there you have it logicreason experience. when you're sixteennone of it means a thing. and nothing counts but the way you feel and the way you felt, the first day you ever really knew hi. / hi. about love. whatcha doing. nothing. oh. when are you coming back to school. monday. butmaybe we could do something, tomorrow. i mean, if you want. yeah. i mean, sure. if you want. well, i'm going to my uncle's in the morning. but i'll be back around three. come on, kev. let's go. ok, wellbye. see you tomorrow. ok, bye. / bye. "hey, where did we go" "days when the rains came" "down in the hollow" "playin' a new game" "laughin' and a runnin', hey, hey" "skippin' and a jumpin'" "in the misty morning fog "our hearts athumpin and you'" "my browneyed girl" "my browneyed girl" "now whatever happened" "to tuesday is so slow" "going down to the old man" "with a transistor radio" "standing in the sunlight laughin'" "hiding behind a rainbow's wall with you" "my browneyed girl" "you my browneyed girl" "friends". i'll give you "friends. when you're twelve years old, and a guy, the whole subject of women tends to be pretty much a mystery. communications with the opposite sex arestill kinda rudimentary. um, lisa. oh, kevin. yeah. um, did you just sayyou'd go to the dance with brad. well, yeah. butyou just said you'd go with me. that was before brad asked me. so. well, i mean you're not gonnabe weird about this or anything, are you. i mean, i really like you, kevin. as a friend. still, little by little, you begin to catch on. you master the language of love. j'ai attendu toute ma vie pour toi. voulezvous de beurre. a l'instant je t'ai vu, je n'ai su qu'il etait personne d'autre.  voulezvous de beurre. mon coeur est remplit de toi. t'a pens.m'obsede. voulezvous de beurre. until, by the time you leave junior high school kevin. madeline. kevin. you're right back where you started. "friends". i'll give you "friends. yeah, you're on top of your game the pinnacle of poise, the essence of cool. hey, butthead. watcha doin'. / none of your business. yeah, i heard the coopster dumped ya. hey, she didn't dump me. winnie. we're not talking to you yeah, you're right, kev, the girl's all over you. bug off, wayne. hey, man, i'm sorry. really. / yeah, right. no, no, i am i've been there. yeah. / sure. lotsa times. hey, i got an idea maybe i shouldgo over and talk to her for you. no, no, really, wayne. come on, i'm your brother. who else you gonna turn to. well and of course the guy did have a point. i mean, he was family or so my parents told me. ha working on your sex education i see. not sure you boys are old enough for this. give it back, wayne. let's see. oh, pretty hot stuff. ya know i bet the guys who wrote this stuff have never even been to second base. well, what's that supposed to mean. you don't know what second base is. course we know what second base is. sort of. awright come to think of it maybe that was the problem much of my early formal education in the subtleties of malefemale relationships came from a guy who was even more ignorantthan i was. and i'm tellin' ya everybody gets to at least second base,by the. . seventh grade. which is not to say the wayner didn't mean well enough. hey steve it looks like my baby brotherand his girlfriend have found each other. she's not my girlfriend. he thinks you are socute. i don't think she's cute. he wants to give you a bigwetkiss. he told me. you liar. still, the truth was, when it came to winnie cooper i'd always been a desperate man. come on, i won't say anythinglemme just do this. well and sometimes desperate timesrequire desperate measures. ok. winnie. hi. here's the deal. . /besidesthink of it this way when the whole worldhangs in the balance, help often comes from the least likely places. i think you oughta creep. she's all yours. and there you have it. the awful truth the bottom line. when it comes to lovethere's no simple fix. you're out there, on you're own and maybe all you can do is hang on and hope for the best. and lead with your heart. you're such a jerk. huh. why did you have to embarrass me in front of everyone like that. i didn't mean to. you're such a jerk. what is with you, huh.. one minute you like me and then the next minute you don't. you kissed me and thenyou act like you don't even know me. you've been doing this all year. i mean, if you like me, then say so. but if you don'tthendon't act like you do, ok. ok.. kevin, i have to go away this summer. what.. "i loved you like i'll never love another" i don't want to talk to you. look, winnie. i'm sorry everything got messed up, but we can straighten it out. just leave me alone. winnie. winnie. i know you like me. kevin i lied to paul. i did tell him i liked somebody else. he asked me whoand i said you. but i really didn't mean it. i just wanted to let him down easy. ok. kevin look, winnie, let's just do both ourselves a favor and keep away from each other. you really mean that. / of course i really mean that. it was the biggest lie i ever told. i'll tell you another thing, winnie. this whole thing's stupid. it's really not that big a deal. and to tell you the truth our relationship didn't mean that much to me, alright.. when you're sixteen, passions run high. a simple misunderstandingbecomes a matter of life or death. winnie. you live from moment to moment. winnie. can't we at least talk about this. there's nothing to talk about. winnie, stop. leave me alone, kevin. and sometimes, when you're sixteen the only way to get your love backis to take it. fine. you want to go home. then go. but i'll tell you this if you don't know how i feel about ya how much i care about ya, then you don't know anything, ok. you're the only girl i ever think about. in fact you're the only girl i've ever cared about. the only girl i ever / oh, shut up. i love you like i'll never love another" "with the wild heart of" "the young" "but it took until now to uncover" "oh, if i'd only known it then" "oh, if i'd only known it then" "i loved you like i'll never love another" "with the wild heart of the young" "but it took until now to uncover" "oh, if i'd only known it then"   )