"only you" the platters poets say love comes and goes in a heartbeat. unfortunately, in high school, it goes more than it comes. still, in my high school, there was one couple whose love soared above all otherslike a winged chariot. the guy guys feared. the girl girls talked about. denise lovell and francis stanavucovich. those things'll kill ya. so will you. better known as "frank the stank", and "denise the grease". frank and denise weren't the cutest couple in school, or the most popular, and they definitely weren't the most likely to succeed. but they lived in a special world, where vows were made, and hearts were never broken. they had a bond between them that you could almost see. a bond that seemed to strengthen them in everything they did. they were a constant in a changing universe. something rocksolid. a living monument to love. love. hah. love, my little untutored charges is a joke a sham. and never what it appears to be. weird mr. lemkur. couture by salvation army postureby quasimodo. words were his only passion. boring us with them his only joy. and now let's see what keats had to say on the subject, shall we. with all respect to the great poets thirdperiod english left one or two things to be desired. denise "the grease" was both of them. light feet, dark violet eyes and parted hair soft dimpled hands, ripe neck and creamy breast are things on which the dazzled senses rest. and what was keats saying, here, hmm. kevin. me. you. well, he's ssaying that, uhcreamy boh, boy that, you knowit's, it's all kindadazzling. right. nowabout the poems i assigned for your report uh, miss lovellwould, uh, you recite what swift has to say about amour. why not. i trust you intend to finish our class, this term. third time's a charm. last year it was monowhat was it the year before. female problems. ahright hey, ya had to admit she had a certain way about her. modern love is no such thing, and what those ancient poets sing. a fire celestial chaste refined. and even if none of us knew what she was saying who cared. which having found an equal flame, unites and both become the same. in different breasts together burn together both, to ashes turn. but women now feel no such fire, and only know the gross desire. i couldn't believe my eyes. denise "the grease" was crying. thereyou see you see you see. swift knew what he was talkin' about. and the strange thing was, even though i didn't know much more about her than the color of her brastrap, i suddenly wanted to reach out and comfort her. but who was i to talk to her. calvin. unlessshe talked to you first. i have to do a report on that poem you really understood it, didn't ya. now, of course, i didn't even understand the title. but uhwell, most of it. can you help me out with something. sure. you know where he says "laid on the fall to other sex" do you think that's the crux of what he's saying. that men and women blame each other for everything. lemme see here what did "crux" mean again. yeah. heck, i'd have said "yes" to anything. denise "the grease" was talking to me. calvin arnold. so if you had to sum up what swift is saying, how would you do it. uhwell he's just talkin' about the whole manwomanwomanman thing. right, right. even in swift's time, love has always been. . love has always been what. uh a hassle. well, ya got that right. look, we gotta talk. we do. not you, dirt clod. i know we gotta talk i've been tellin' you we gotta talk all day. so let's talk. which, as i saw it, was my cue to exitstage left. right now, i'm talking with my friend. 'bout what. about things you obviously don't understand. really. try me. okwe were just discussing cadenus and vanessa right it's a poem. right. by jonathon swift. yeah, i know him. you do. yeah. swift he's the guy who was the guy before he became "the flash". an honest mistake. he's the guy who said "the judge discovered in her face, resentment for her late disgrace". alright what is this crap.. i'm not gonna listen to that kind of language. thanks for your help, calvin. and that was that a fruitful exchange. denise wait up. all things considered. unbelievable. what was i supposed to do. ignore her. yes. frank put a guy in the hospital just for lookin' at her at ocean city last year. unbelievable. so this isn't america. i can't talk to who i want. it's hard to talk without your teeth. unbelievable. ah, what did these guys know. so i'd spoken to denise so what. after all, we had a history now. we were practicallysoul mates. and if i wanted to talk to her i would. and if i didn't, then i hey, calvin. how's it goin'. not badthe more i read it, the more i understand *the thing* that love is on trial. uhhuh. andand swift says "and mortals here to stay into love". it's like he's saying the whole thing's a sham like there is no true love. right. uh hey when in doubt, say sure. of course. i liked talkin' to you. you heard it she likedtalkingto me. what'd she say.. what'd she say.. of course, a gentleman didn't discuss these things. she said she liked talking to me. . unbelievable. still, the fact remained i, calvin, had talked to denise "the grease" and the sky hadn't fallen. no hand had reached out from the heavens and you talked to denise. wellkinda shhshh. this is the my favorite part. "if i were a carpenter" tim hardin save my love for loneliness, save my love for sorrow, i'm giving you my onliness, give me your tomorrow love that song. where was i. oh, yeah denise. look. denise is out of her gourd. she won't talk to me. for some dumbcluck reason she talks to you. i'll never talk to her again i swear. yes, you will. ii will. yeah. i want you to talk to her for me. oh my god. i was gonna live. just what are you trying to pull. i want to know what's goin' on, denise. why won't you talk to me. there's nothing more to talk about. uh, maybe i should shut up. right. look, what the hell is what is the matter with you. you gonna throw away everything we got. frank like the poet said "she knew in our degenerate days, bare virtue could not live on praise, that meat must be with money bought". ok. heh. huh. calvin understands, don't you. oh. . wellwellthemeat look. get out of here and let us talk. fine with me. after all, i'd done my part gotten them together. so whatever the problem was, it was time for them to work it out. i never want to talk to you again. guhhhhhhh. ornot. it's like talking to a brick wall. that's when i realized a horrible truth. you'll patch things up. there's a lot you don't know about me and frank. phhh you're gonna need a ride home. like it or not i was along for this ride. "only you" the platters pretty, isn't it. uh, uh frank gave it to me on our first date, when i was fourteen. i never take it off not even in the shower. no kidding and especially if there's a game. he says i bring him luck. hasn't brung me much lately. course, i knew i had to do something to ease her pain. look. frankyou know, he's agood guy. really. he's agoodgoodguy. and then from somewhere, i don't know it just came to me. love is a river, flowing where we know not. course, i felt completely idiotic. that's beautiful. on the other hand the wound is deep, yet the river is wide. yes, it is thanks. you're sweet. and in that moment, i knew beyond a doubtthat things were gonna be ok. for all of us. anywayi'll seeya in school tomorrow, right. take care. maybe it was a dream. or maybe i was crazy. maybe denise "the grease" only knew one way to kiss. or maybethe most voluptuous girl at mckinley highhad just fallen for calvin arnold. when halfgods go, the gods arrive. uhhuh, eh, which means. when you lose something that means a lot, something better comes along. it was horrible. one little, unsolicited kiss. and suddenly my life was on the line. so i determined then and there, never to tell another human being what had happened between denise and me. you kissed denise "the grease". unbelievable. you don't expect us to swallow this, do you. ok i told two people. her gum was in my mouth. unbelievable. get off it. no way a chick like denise is gonna go for a dingleberry like him. calvin. i have a huge favor to ask. i have to go to work. i can't face him, anyway. not after that fight we had yesterday. just give him this. he'll know what it means. i gotta gothanks. you broke up "the stank" and "the grease". jeez, kevin bad karma. but it wasn't my karma i was worried about. it was my skin. there was only one thing to do have this out, mantoman. then, run like crazy. frank. what. about denise what about denise. but there was really no way to say it. the pain i felt. for themnot to mention me. i think you should talk to her. you knowput things right. talk to her. talk to her.. i told her she was kickin' my heart's butt. well, you couldn't put it more eloquently than that. except, then frank did. there are dark bitter places, on a dark cold floor. i beg your pardon. it's from one of her stupid books. she really likes that stuff, doesn't she. and of course, that's when it hit me. welcome to fatso's can i take your order. uh, just read it, right. hello. hello. uhgive all to love. if this didn't grab her, then i didn't know denise "the grease". who is this. i'm not amused, jerk. state your order or move on. hmmm. this ain't me frank. look, denise i got nothin' to say to you. well, i got somethin' to say to you. poetry had failed. frank was on his own now. well, what. uhjust this. "if i were a carpenter" tim hardin if i were a carpenter and you were a lady would you marry me anyway would you have my baby we have a special today. burger, friesand a drink, for ninetynine cents. denise, would ya. jeez, frank. denise you know i would. ok so it wasn't shelley or keats. but it got the point across. as for me, i was gonna miss "the grease". and i was pretty sure she was gonna miss me a little, too. but we both knew she was back where she belonged. and i finally understood. you had to really know two people and their problems before you could solve them. by the way, frank false alarmi'm not pregnant. pregnant.. pregnant.. frank and denise got back together that day. and our world fell back into orbit. he loved her she loved him and i lived to tell the tale. "the stank" and denise got married that summer after graduation, and had a kid. denise went to college, and frank went to cosmetology school. and even though i heard they divorced a couple of years later, i hoped like frank running over his shop teacher that it was just a rumor. .  : iamy1004   : min  )