it seemed like my high school teachers came in every conceivable shape size and style. there is your answer. there were the hopelessly confused hablo, hablas, habla again the terminally repetitious hablo, hablas, habla again the insufferably boring. the hundred year's war year four. i saw on that ivory face, the expression of somber pride of ruthless power but of all the teachers i ever had i only ever had onewho wasa natural. did he live his life again in every detail of desire and temptation miss shaw taught english 2a. she was a year out of graduate school and there was something about her that wascool. she didn't take attendance she didn't need to. she let us sit anywhere we wanted. and she never, ever, used the word "literature". he cried out, at some image, at a vision. he cried out twice, in a whisper that was no morethan a breath. " 'the horror, the horror' but maybe the most remarkable thing about her wasshe actually liked what she did. ok, everyone, open your eyes. any questions. comments. complaints. kevin what do you think conrad meantby "the horror". well, i think kurtz wasseeing his life. and. and, he sawhowhorrible it was. and. andhe saw thetruth. the horror, everyone, is truth. ya scare me sometimes you know that kevin. yeah. we all felt lucky we got miss shaw. even if some of us didn't "get" her. yes, felicia. are we gonna need to know this for our midterm. no, feliciayou need to know thatfor life. and the best part wasthe woman never failed to surprise you. everybodyyou know what i have in my hand here. "ivanhoe". sevenhundredandthirtythree pages that the board of education requires you read. but i do not. i mean, let's be honest. it's longit's boringand it's old. but do me a favor, huh. take one, and keep it around for appearances, ya know what i mean. / wait. are we reading it or not. not. we're reading this. "the catcher in the rye". does the administration know we're doing this. not unless they find out. but what if they do. well thenwe'll just have to take our chances, won't we. and that was what was different about miss shaw. hey, take one of each before you go. she took chances. and enjoy it. and rememberthey're your parents. they can't help it. in a word she opened doors. i can't get my locker open. new combinations. they changed 'em over the weekend. security problems well, i have to get my books. maybe you should talk to linzer. / excuse me. unfortunately, in high school, opening doors is no easy task. i can't get in my locker. do you have the key. uh, yeah. great. ya need a twentynine "c", though. a twentynine "c". security authorization form. of coursea twentynine "c". you can get onefrom the administration office. between twelve and two. yeah, but i have to get in my locker now. the horror, the horror. /alright but if school was the heart of darkness, then english 2a was a ray of sunshine. so. why do you think holden ended up in a mental hospital. obviously, holden caulfield has a problem perceiving reality as it is. well, cuz he's nuts. he's not nuts. he just couldn't put up with the system. the system stinks. yeah. kinda like school. well, that's certainly one way to look at it. that was the great thing about miss shaw. you never had to worry about anything you said in her class. everything was up for grabs. any other questions. comments. and i mean everything. yes, felicia. are you gonna tell us our midterm gradesbefore you record them. i wouldn't worry about grades, if i were you, felicia. i only give two. "pass" and "no pass". again, please. i said "pass", and "no pass". 'pass' and "no pass". it wasamazing. a groundbreaking concept. and we reacted as any tenthgrade class would. but my dad gives me a buck for every "a". but what will happen to my gradepoint average. you mean i'm not gonna get an "f". with total confusion. this isn't a math class. there are no right or wrong answers here. only thought. and you can't grade thought. besides, it doesn't matter what i think about you it matters what you think about you. so, with those words, we set out to make history. withone reservation. can you really do this. i'm doing it. "p". what the hell's a "p". oh, i think it means "pass", honey. i can see it means "pass what i mean iswhere is his grade. well, see dadmiss shaw doesn't you know, they're starting to do this in a lot of the courses at the university. great. when he goes to a university on his own money he can get a "p". but as long as i'm payin' taxesi want to see a grade. hmmm. seemed this plan wasn't playing so well in the hinterlands. dad, i don't think you really understand. oh, i don't. well, i meanthis isn't a math class. there are noright or wrong answers. i mean you can't grade people's thoughts. or society'd turn into uh an abyss of mediocrity. well, besides it doesn't even matter what you think of me. it only matters what i think of me. there. philosophically speakingyou couldn't argue with that. as long as you're living under my roof, you damn well better care what i think of you. right. i think you're swell. so much for philosophy. miss shaw. what i needed was a little clarification. hi, kevin give me a hand with these, won't ya. what are they. attendance reports. a drag, isn't it. yeah. so, what's up. well, i was just wondering if i could talk to you about your report card. yeah. you see it didn't go over too well on the home front right. right. and, your not exactly sure why we're doing this. you're not the first person who's come to me. so why'd you do it. why not. excuse me, miss shaw. may i speak with you for a moment. yes, dr. valenti. i think we have to talk about your grading system yes. well we don't do this here. you mean we haven't done this here. miss shaw, students don't respond without grades. but my students are responding just fine. why don't we discuss this in my office. why not. and there ya had it. attend class, kevin so much for the great leap forward of 1972. seemed pretty clear to me we'd been stopped in our tracks. shut down. busted. and there was nothing more to do than settle in for the bad news. before we dig in i'd like to tell you about a very interesting conversation i had with dr. valenti, this morning. or rather, one he had with me. i was informed that i had broken several important regulations. now, according to policy it is required each of you receive a traditional grade. so, therefore, i have decided all of you will be gettingtraditional grades. bummer. there goes my "p". i couldn't believe it. withone little wrinkle. for your next report cards, each of youwill decideyour owngrade. any comments. and of course we had only one. over the next few weeks, miss shaw's class took on a life of its own. the word was out. things were different here. rulesjust didn't apply. instead of lectures, we actually had discussions. and not just about books aboutideas. i think we should stop worrying about other people's expectations. aboutlife. it was sorta like riding shotgun with che gueverra. so where were we. / it was pretty cool. what a crock. not that all the discourse was positive. i can't believe she's letting you bozos choose your own grades. why not. we're responsible students. oh, is that so. what are you gonna give yourselves. gee lemme seei, uh, think i'll give myself an "a". i knew it. it's madness. ok "a plus". apparently, opinion on this question was divided into two camps. the revolutionariesand the slugs. come on, paul. admit it you're jealous. no, i am not. i just don't think it's fair, that's all. to who. to "whom". sorry. i mean, what if every teacher did something like this. wellhe's right. it would affect the curve. you get a "b". still, it was clear this was one issue that wasn't just gonna disappear. they're not gonna let her get away with this, ya know. who's not. the school. the administration. come on, paul, get off it she knows what she's doing. oh, which is. miss shaw. obviously, i needed more clarification. you got a minute. my time is your time what's on your mind. well, it's about. . you know the grades. yeah. ya see, people are talking about it, and, uh they just can't believe i'd let a bunch of bozos like you handle something like that. what was this woman clairvoyant. yeah. wellit is kinda different, ya know. and what's wrong with that. well, nothing. except, we can't all get "a"'s, right. i see. and is that what you were going to give yourself. really. noi guess not. big decision right. but it makes you think and that's good. my guess is, when the time comes, i'm gonna have to beg you guys to breakeven with "c"'s. and that's when i realized she had more than a lesson plan she had a whole concept. tell ya what let's go get a cup of coffee. talk it over. /sure. that afternoon a couple of things happened. thanks. i had my firstcappucino how is it. they make 'em good here. and, i got to know miss shaw. so, what do you think. huh. about the class. what do you think. oh. i like it. / yeah, i do, too. we talked for hours. about football, and dating and of course about books. my dad gave me a copy of "the red mask" once i thought i'd never read a book like it. i was likefalling into another world. and i read it over, and over, until i broke the spine. my dad had to just keep taping it up and the amazing part wasit was never boring. anything else. /you want another. ohi'm good. the thing is, i'd never met anyonewho was so right for what she did. it was incredible. i mean, it's its's really /a woman with a gift. it's a a kid's story, really /a natural. maybe it was the talk we had or maybe it was the buzz i got off the three cups of cappucinos whatever i found myself doing something i'd never thought i'd do. i picked up that copy of "ivanhoe" all sevenhundredandthirtythree pages i mean, hey you never knew. maybe there would be a surprise or two. miss shaw may i speak with you. but then, life is full of surprises. well, i am in the middle of a class. this'll just take a minute. you heard the man i'll be back. in the mean time, why don't you guys write me a descriptive paragraph on anything that's on your mind. what should it be about. anything you want, felicia. and have fun. yeah. fun. i'd like to say i wrote something profound that day, but the fact isi didn't. i don't think anyone else did, either. ok, everybodyturn in your papers. i can see genius has been burning. i'll really enjoy reading these. welli guess there's no sense in keeping you in the dark. so, here goes. dr. valenti and i had a talk. seems he got a call from the school board so he set me down and explained that from now on, i mustfollow state guidelines as they pertain to curriculum, grading the whole thing. his arguments were well thought out, and reasonable. and he left it up to me to decide what i wanted to do. and the way she said it, we all knew what it meant. a fight to the finish between miss shaw, and the system. a battle of right versus might. so i've decided. thisis my last day. thanks. miss shaw. miss shaw wait up. i couldn't believe it. one minute she was teaching a class, the next minute where're you going. i'm sorry, kevin. i have to do this. you can't just leave, can ya. dr. valenti didn't really give me a choice look if it's about the grades, that doesn't matter. give us grades it's ok. it's not just the grades. well, thenif it's "ivanhoe" hey. i already read it. kevin, it's really very simple. i'm a teacher but they don't want me to teach. not the way i can. soi won't. and then she said something i'll never forget. it's just not worth it. not worth it. and even though i'd heard it i just couldn't believe my ears. it's not worth it.. i know you understand don't you. course, maybe i should have. about the hassles. about the frustrations. but all i could think wasshe was walking out on us. what's she doin'. she's sticking it to valenti that's what she's doing. right on that afternoon there was kind of acelebration. they were celebrating youth. enthusiasm. idealism. they were cheering for the best, and the brightest. only they didn't know what i knew then. but they found out. the heroas defined in aristotle's poetics is a man not preeminentlyvirtuous or just but through some i guess in the end, miss shaw did what was best for her. after all, no compromises, no regrets. the only thing is she didn't do what was best for us. whom, however succumbs to great misfortune even today i don't know who to be angry at. her or the system that drove her away.    :  )