you told me those parts were supposed to be here today. today is today. tomorrow is not today. my father worked at norcom over half his life. ahhuh. ahhuh. well, ferguson's goin' to blow his top over this. and eventuallyhe rose to the ranks of middle management. where every day, was filled with crisis challengesand rolaids. yepthrough the years my father had given a lot to norcom and nowhe had given them that's it you guys are doin' great. wayne. that goes over to "c", right. my brother had been employed in the mailroom for about six months. don't ask me how. nice shades, man. and if his workethic didn't exactly match dad's at least he was trying to find a niche for himself. make new acquaintances. you knowyou look really hot, today. if you don't stop bugging me, i'm gonna have to report you. i'm sorryii'm really sorry. is there anything i can do to make it up to you. just don't be late tonight. i'll pick you up at seven. seven's good. bonnie douglas. she was twentythree, funny, smart, and, oh yeah divorced. it was no wonder wayne felt the way he did. whatever dad felt about all of this he was keeping it to himself. after all like all the arnold men he had a lot of things on his mind. winnie. i guess she didn't see me. i think she saw you. and that was the problem. winnie cooper was treating me like i didn't exist. i don't get it. i mean, what did i do, anyway. well, let's see. offhand, i'd say you embarrassed her, ruined her reputation, and lied about your relationship. but other than thati'd say you were a perfect gentleman. never mind the details. it was true. winnie and iwere on the outs. winnie. winnie. what i had to do now was figure out a way to get her back. hi. how you doing. ok. so, uhlooks like you're playing fieldhockey. winnie. i gotta go. sure. and there you had it. after sixteen years of sharing everything together, overnight we'd become likestrangers. so how'd it go. just perfect. yeah, it looked like wedding bells to me. would you like some more meatloaf. oh, thank you. this is really great. i'm so glad we finally got a chance to meet you. well, me too. i'm sorry i was latei just moved into an apartmentand i haven't really unpacked everything yet. aw, you should see it it's a mess. i'll help you unpack, tonight. 'kay something told usthis was a deeper relationship than wayne had ever been involved in. you know, dadi was thinkin'we can lend bonnie that portable dishwasher in the garagehmm. sure. no problem. still, chitchat aside so. how long have you been divorced. seemed there were greater issues at stake, here. since last christmas. youprobably don't want to talk about it. oh, nononoi don't mind. we were naive, right outta high school, and we didn't realize how serious and important a commitment marriage is. i'm not sure if bonnie realized the significance of her statement but she came through with flying colors. d'you know. i forgot to put out the salad. it was norma arnold's carrotandraisinsalad seal of approval. i also don't think he was ready to handle david. david. who's david. he's mymy son. ii didn't mention him. no uhuh. well. howold is he. six months. what about that salad, mom. what salad. gilson's gift barn. where the brokenhearted went to shop. hey, what about this electronic football game. why would winnie want that. i don't know, maybe you guys could play it together. may i help you. uh, yeah. we're looking for something for my girlfriend. yeah, they had a fight. oh a little lovers' quarrel, hmm. no, it was nothing like that. yeah, it was much more despicable. we're justlooking around, ok. but something told me, this wasn't gonna be easy. after all, i was on a mission, here.  you better shop around  sung by the miracles a quest to recapture love.  you better shop around  sung by the miracles and nothing but the perfect gift was gonna do. i needed something that made a statement. something that said it all. something with bulk. something with fur. sowhat do you think. i can't speak for winnie, but i know that i would love a gift like this. maybe so, maybe not. all i really knew was that night, it was my only hope. kevin. will you slow down. sorry, mom. by dinner timethe arnold household was practically buzzing with plans. hi. bye. where're you going. well, bonnie couldn't find a sitter, so, we're gonna hang out at her place and take care of david. just don't forget the diaper goes on the bottom. shut up scrote. i'llseeya guys later. but if wayne thought he was getting away that easily you know, wayne he hadn't counted on mom. we'd love to see the baby someday. huh. jackisn't the norcom picnic coming up this sunday. huh. we could all go together. that would be fun, wouldn't it. i'll talk to bonnie. stillwhatever norma arnold was cooking up she was obviously on her own. as for me, well i had a datewith destiny. oh. hi. hey. how's it goin'. call it "triumphant return, with bear". i'm fine. i could tell by the look in her eyes that she was impressed. hi. ohkevinyou know phil, don't you. uh, yeah. hi. we're studying for the sat's. we're on the vocabulary section now. yeah, welluhvocabulary's hard. yeah, it is. it was funny. all of us knew that i was holding a stuffed bear. but none of us even mentioned it. well, uhi better get going. bye, kevin. bye. bye. what do you mean, the parts are in pittsburgh. pittsburgh is there, and here's here. over the next few days things remained about the same. dad drank maalox well, ferguson's gonna kill me. and yelled oh, yeah. then i'm gonna kill you. while my brother continued his crazy courtship. ok. thanks a lot. um, is there anything else i haveok. ohhh. right away alright. hello. /what. it's me again. you love me, don't you. wayne. stop. he was charming and dopey and crazy in loveall at once as opposed to, saysome of the rest of us. you look terrible. what are you talking about. well, you're slumped overyou got crumbs all over you you know, there's a dresscode here. yeah, well maybe you need a bowtie or something people always look happywearing a bowtie. winnie. but what i neededi couldn't have. ahi'm gonna get another drink. you want a rootbeer, or something. yeah, sure, thanks. the thing wasseeing winnie over there didn't make me angry or mad. i just feltvery, very, lonely. excuse me. can i borrow your ketchup. uh, sure oh, and do you have any napkins i can borrow. sure. want my fries, too. just a couple i can't believe i said that. no. no it's fine, really. want some. here thanks, uh my name's kevin. hi, i'm cindy. i haven't seen you around school. oh, we just moved into town. well, how do you like it, so far. well, it's kinda lonely. "lonely". that was certainly something i could understand. wellmaybe it'll get better. really. thanks for saying that. funny thing was, this was the first pleasant conversationi'd had with a a girl in weeks. and somehow, sitting there this whole situation became unbearable. i just knew i needed someone to talk to. excuse me. would you like to . great. go outon sunday afternoon. great. the annual norcom family picnic. one sunday every yearpolyester suits were traded in for bermudashorts and poloshirts. beer and conversation were flowing everywhere. almost everywhere. nice, david. hello. how are you. you just have to rock him a little bit, wayne. aw, come on ok, david here you go ithink he likes me. oh, maybe your mom would like to try. good luck. come here, angel oh, look at this beautiful babyoooh remember when kevin and wayne were this small, honey. it was a long time ago, norma. wayne had the cutest little behind mom. he still does. kevin, if you were an animal, what animal would you like to be.you can be any animal you want. what animal. i bet you'd make a good bird i can see you flying aroundand looking at everything yeah, ii guess, uha birdsounds ok. look there's some swings over there you want to try 'em out. lets go try 'em out.. uh, uh, why don't you go ahead. i'll be right over. ok, neat. see you soon, "mr. bird"bye. somehow in the cold light of sunday cindy's chirpiness was becoming too chirpy. worst of all i missed winnie more than ever. i needed some grownup conversation well, as close as i could get. hey. hi. you know, you're doing really well. well, i'll get the hang of it. but i couldn't help getting the feeling wayne was a little overwhelmed you sure this is ok. you know, you taking care of the baby, and everything. what's that supposed to mean. nothing it doesn't mean anything. of course, i was just trying to say that i hoped david wouldn't spit up on him or something, but i'll do a lot better once bonnie and i move in together. what. you're gonna live together. yeah. it'll be great, huh. i wanta take david to football games, to baseball gamesi'm gonna have to buy him a glove it was unbelievable. i was standing there, watching my brother make a decision that would affect his entire life. well, did you tell mom and dad. nonot yet. don't you think you should. no, why what. are they my parents or something. come on, you little peanut. you want to go see mommy. yeah, you do here we go i think he did something kevin. i have an idea let's see who can eat our hotdogs the fastest. i think i like the hamburgers a little bit more than the hotdogs but i'm not sure. i could have liked the hotdogs more. by the end of the picnic, i couldn't wait to get homemake my escape. face it this whole thing had been a disaster. wayne. you can't do this. i guess it was a disaster for everybody. momwe already decided. but you're only eighteen years old. don't you understand. we're in love. how can you be so sure. what are you talking about. look i know that bonnie needs youand that makes you feel very good. but need isn't love. i don't believe this. you don't know anything. i just don't want you to get hurt. youjust don't want to see me grow up. i want you to stay out of this, and i want you to butt out of my life. you got it. oh, look. a stuffed bear. it's adorable. he's so cute and cuddley cindy, it's just a bear. will you forget about it. don't have to be such a grouch. you sound just like my brother. he's in high school, too. wait a minute wait a minute. where do you go to school. kennedy whatgrade are you in. seventh. does it matter. well, yeah, it does. i was afraid you'd say that. why don't you take the bear. i don't want it. thanks. i'm gonna name him kevin. and there you had it. the perfect end to a perfect day. hi. how you doin'. lousy. join the club. so where's mom. she, uhwent to bed. i'm gettin' outta here. wayne. can we talk for a minute. dad, there's nothing to talk about. ii'm doing this, and that's it. fine. if that's what you have to do. guess it wasn't exactly the answer wayne had expected. look, ijust got one thing to say, so bear with me, ok. you know i, uhstarted working at norcom right after the marines. i was twentyfour, and i thought i was gonna be out of there in no time. i was gonna try some different things. take some chances. i figuredi had my whole life ahead of me. but before i knew it there was a familya homea mortgage. and in a wayi knew it was the hardest thing dad had ever done. he was speaking from the heart. he was speaking out of love. all i'm saying is dad. that's your life. not mine. i gotta get goin'. seeya. and thenhe was gone. and we were left. and that house seemed a little emptier. hi. you got a sec. that night i went back to winnie's. i'm not sure why. all i knew waswhat i said had to be perfect. nice night, huh. kevin, we've been through this. i know. and i know thati shouldn't even be here. and i know you don't even want to talk to me. winniei know i did somethin' terrible. somethin' horrible, and if i could take it backi would. you know i just wish you'd do something aweful to me, and then we could be even. but, uhyou'd never do that. anyway never mind. it's just all this stuff is happening. my brother he left home, he's gone. and, and ijust need someone to talk about it with. you're the only one i could think of. you've always been the only one, winnie and i justwanted you to know that. what happened to the bear. it'skind of a long story. maybe you'd like to tell me about it. you want to come in for awhile. yeah. i would. it was that simple. and it was that complex. love can kill you. it can tear you apart. but if you're very lucky it can bring you back together. sometimes love is unexpectedand unpredictable. and sometimesyou just have to go with your heart. and hope for the best. )