they say you can live a lifetime and never find love. so i guess i was lucky. because true love crossed my path the first time i met the girl next door. winnie cooper. kevin, wait. what's wrong. isn't it kinda hot in here. feels fine to me. winnie and i'd been together longer than any couple i knew. still, history only goes so far. kevin. kinda like winnie. what's the problem. it's just thatif we don't stop now i'm afraid i may not be able to later. well that's ok, isn't it. i mean we love each other. of course we do. and we've been going together, for what, six years now. sixandahalf. unfortunately, the mathematics of the situation were open to interpretation. to me, they led forward, to that great unknown. but to winnie, they led do you remember when we used to ride our bikes up here when we were kids. back. we did. yeahbefore they built it all up. now they have all the lights down there, but it used to be all dark. ohyeah. see, the great thing about us was that we had this past together. and we went down the hill we didn't even pedal we would just glide. the bad thing about us was that we had this past together. you know, winnie, you just changed the subject. from what. never mind. not that i minded being part of winnie's past. it's just, when it came to who i was she seemed to regard me as a known quantity. eleventhgradewhere yesterday's boys battled to become tomorrow's men. it's a game played for nothing less than image, status, and manhood. not to mention reputation. i think i'm going to give carol masuchi another chance this weekend. oh, you mean she finally returned your calls. hey. shecalled me. face it. every day was a trial, by a jury of your peers. chuck, how'd your date go with marilyn last night. well, you know. was fun. fun. yeah. wellwe did stuff. well, what kind of stuff. you know stuff. and those who left themselves exposed bore the full wrath of the adolescent mob. he didn't. did too. nah, you didn't. it could be brutal. hey, come on. lay off him. but never so brutal as when the mob turned on you. you're right, arnold. maybe we should be talking about you and the coopster. what.. i mean you guys have been together for a long time. uh, you want to give us some pointers. well at times like thisthe only thing to do was hope for a last minute reprieve. oh, wow, look at the time. gotta run. uh, yeah. sorry, guys, i gotta go. yeah, yeah but still, if proving yourself in the locker room was tough norma, which one of these ties should i take with me. oh, don't worry, honey. i'll pack for you. the homefront was no picnic, either. you're gonna be alright, aren't you, honey. mom, please. well, with wayne gone until saturday mom. you're only going to be gone one night. my parents were taking a trip out of town. which for me, meant one thing there's meals in the freezer for ya, honey. and they're all labelled. mom, please. . give me a little credit. i can take care of myselfi'm sixteen years old. congratulations. thanks. just don't forget to take out the trash. all in all, a resounding vote of confidence. come on. i mean, who did these people think i was. so i had an empty house to myself. what were my parents worried about. suddenlyi understood their concern. winnie, hi. oh, hi. listen. i was wondering if you wanted to study for the sat's tonight. tonight. uh, yeah. ii figuredit was about timewe started getting ready. for the test. ok. where do you want to meet. uh, wi don't know, anywhere how about my house. ok. bingo. ok, as long as it's alright with your parents. sure. definitely. just one little detail. i mean, it would be if they weren't out of town. but, you know, it's not gonna be like the neighbors won't be around, or anything. but who was i kidding. no way she was gonna fall for this pathetic ruse. that's fine. really. sure. we're just gonna study, right. absolutely. great. then i'll see you tonight. and with that the date was made. the trap was set. okwhat's the opposite of parsimonious "a" fastidious, "b" considerate"c" generous, or "d" none of the above. kevin want some pretzels, or something. kevin, you know you're never going to know all this when it's time to take the test. winnie, what's to know. i mean it's a stupid test. all you have to do is show up on time, and bring some sharpened number two pencils. kevin, it's a little more difficult than that. right. you have to fill in those little circles. ok, so much for the small talk. it was time to getdangerous. winnie. let'sdo something else. like what. well, likego in the living room. for starters. kevin. you really didn't invite me over here to study, did you. noit's just that we have this whole house to ourselves and i thought that oh look, winniewe've been together a long time, and and the guys are starting to talk. kevin, it isn't a secret girls talk too, ya know. all the time. well, likewhat do you say when youtalk. well, i say that we've been together along time, and that we care about each other, and that things between us are great. oh. why, what do you say. i, uhsay the same. yeah. more or less. and so after all my attempts at intrigue, and danger, and seduction winnie and i ended up like we always did. reminiscing. do you remember the first time we saw this movie. i guess i was sick with the flu, and you came over to keep me company. yeah still, in a way, it wasn't all bad. we must have watched five movies that week. seven. you visited me every day. fact was, it felt pretty good, sitting there, holding her, away from school, and the guys, and the locker room. i should really call my parents. they don't know where i am. no, let's watch a little more. you can call them later. after all, there was no need to hurrywe had plenty of time. we didn't see the end of the movie. we didn't even hear the phone. because that night, winnie and i had done something we had never done together before. we fell asleep. comingcoming hello. oh. hi, mom. yeah, yeah, of course i'm upi've been up for hours uh, yeah, yeah, i'm fine. i'm just getting ready for school ok, i'll see you tonight. bye. and that's when it hit me. oh, my god. somehow winnie and i had slept through the whole night. oh, my god. i had to be calm the voice of reason. i had to wake her gently, so she wouldn't winnie. wake up. it's seven o'clock. we slept in. panic. "wake up, little suzie" the everly brothers fear is a great motivatorterror is even better. kevin, slow down. but i couldn't. all i could imagine what awaited usangry parents, outraged neighbors, maybe even the national guard. ormaybe nothing at all. there's no one here. who would be here at seven o'clock in the morning. wellyou know, the mailman, the paperboy kevin, relax. well, should i come in with you. no, that's ok. it'd probably just make things worse. i'll take care of this. see you at school. and at that moment looking into those eyesi knew things would be ok. i mean, hey, what was the absolute worst that could happen. you told them.. of course i told them. you mean you told them the truth. i told them what happened. that we fell asleep on your couch. course, i should have been relieved, but i can't believe you told them that. why. /well jeez, we we're redblooded teenagers. hadn't they considered the possibilities. what did they say. not much. they trust us. what's that supposed to mean. kevin, they knew nothing happened. oh. and the funny thing was, just when i was supposed to feel off the hooki felt insulted. the truth was, they were really relieved to hear i was with you. great. so i guess everything turned out ok. yeah. i'll seeya at lunch. yeah. yeah. they say for every action there is an equal an opposite reaction. when your sixteen, and your manly pride has been shrivelled there's only one thing to do kevin. playing a little bit rough out there, eh, arnold. hey. if you can't handle it, why don't you go play badminton with the girls.. ok, maybe i was a little out of control. i had my reasons. you ok. yeah. why. oh, i don't know, just looked like you were going to take a life out there. ah, i don't know. i'm just feelingfrustrated. uhoh i mean, i'm just having a bad day. but it was too late. i'd broken the first rule of the locker room. what's the matter, arnold. troublein paradise. yes, iswinnie shutting you out. well, uh, no, no. it's just, weshe and i, uh, just you know. come on, kev. tell us something interesting. we're waiting, arnold. woops. or is there really just nothing to tell. now everything within me told me to keep my mouth shut. but somehow, the way those guys were looking at meit just slipped out. hey, for your information, winnie was over at my house last night. whoa. all night and. hey, use your imagination. which of course, they did what little they had. is this true. yeah of course it's true. and with that, i became a god. butjust don't tell anyone, ok. our lips are sealed. and the most amazing part is i actually believed them. by lunchtime i had pretty much forgotten about the whole thing. i'll get some napkins. i'll meet you at the table. everything felt right. with me, with winnie hey, arnold. until my fan club arrived. you want to tell us about you and cooper. what. what are you talking about. come on, arnold. fill us in on the details. get lost, steuben. suddenly i was getting this queasy feeling and it wasn't the goulash. hey, steuben. i thought i told you not to tell anyone. well, hey. if your gonna walk the walk, you got to talk the talk. get outta my way. but i was too late. mrs. cooper. hi, this is kevin. is winnie there. by that night, nothing had changed. yeahi understandsorry. face it i needed help. kevin. i thought i told you to throw out the trash. oh. sorry. still, i guess help is where you find it. dad. yeah. i have to talk to you about something that happened here last night. what is it. winnie came over last night, and and so i recounted the whole sorry tale. hoping for some advice. and maybe a little sympathy. after allmy dad had been sixteen once. he'd been in lockerrooms. he knew what the guys were like. women, huh. i mean, what am i supposed to do. but if i was looking for someone to back me up get in your car, go over and apologize right away. i came up short. you think she'll listen. i wouldn't. hi. i knew what i had to doapologize. winnie, listen. i've given this a lot of thought, andwhat i did was wrong. it's just thatthe guys were really getting on meand i know it's no excuse but i guess ikinda let them get the wrong idea about us. ok, i definitely let them get the wrong idea about us. but ya gotta understand something, winnie. you know when guysget together, sometimes things get a little out of control i meannot necessarily in this case, butsometimes you know what i mean. anyway, i'll take care of it. i promise. how. what. how can you fix something like this. look, can we talk about this inside. sure. great. because my parents aren't home. so if you want me you got me. come on, kevin. this is what you were in such a hurry about, wasn't it. now's your chance. winnie. winnie. can't we just go back to the way things used to be, and just forget about all this. and after all the times i wanted to hear her to say "yes" no. we can't. they say hindsight is twentytwenty, and i guess it's true. because as i stood outside winnie's house that night, i suddenly saw it all so clearly. i'd sold both of us shortby taking something most people never have, and throwing it away for something less. i'd been in such a rush to impress people who really didn't matter, i'd torn apart the only ones who did. us. : )