2x22 vengeance is mine    well, if it isn't the sushi i ordered.  ugh, and whatever that is. can't you lay some masago for me. this is a dungeon, not a bed and breakfast. you will eat whatever i bring. you mean whatever tiger claw tells you to bring.  if master shredder didn't need you, i would teach you some manners. oh, really. and what does he need me for. just watch your tongue, girl.      where do you think you're going, little one.   stop. you will not harm her. as you wish, master shredder.   karai, i wish you could understand. everything i have done is for our clan's honor. why do you insist on hurting me. have you nothing to say to me, daughter. i am not your daughter.  teenage mutant ninja turtles teenage mutant ninja turtles teenage mutant ninja turtles heroes in a half shell, turtle power. here we go, it's the lean green ninja team on the scene, cool teens doing ninja things so extreme, out the sewer like laser beams get rocked with the shell shock pizza kings can't stop these radical dudes the secret of the ooze made the chosen few emerge from the shadows to make their move the good guys win and the bad guys lose. leonardo's the leader in blue does anything it takes to get his ninjas through donatello is the fellow has a way with machines raphael's got the most attitude on the team michelangelo, he's one of a kind and you know just where to find him when it's party time. master splinter taught them every single skill they need to be one lean mean green incredible team. teenage mutant ninja turtles teenage mutant ninja turtles teenage mutant ninja turtles heroes in a half shell, turtle power. this is the only way it can work, raph. yeah, look, i'm on board for the whole "rescue karai" thing, but if we're going through the trouble of invading shredder's lair, we gotta take him down once and for all. it's too risky. hold up, dudes. why do i have to be the bait while donnie sits in the shellraiser. someone's gotta be the getaway driver. look, everyone is important here. disagreement about a mission is never a good way to begin. leonardo, may i speak with you. i know you are anxious to free karai, but a plan that leads to confrontation with the shredder is doomed to failure. even if we have to face shredder, isn't it worth it to rescue your own daughter. i am not willing to risk your lives or my daughter's.  hai, sensei. so is that a "no go " on operation: rescue karai. no, splinter's wrong. we can't wait. let's do this.  donnie, you monitor from the shellraiser and give us some cover. mikey will distract them with his mad skills. while shredder's henchmen are distracted, raph and i sneak in through the sewers.  karai, it's us. leo. took you long enough. well, we got tired of waiting for you to escape on your own. is this a rescue or a romantic comedy. come on. just keep an eye out for foot and shredder.      eh.   it's a trick. got it. let's go. how did you get past tiger claw. they didn't.   you are looking good, rahzar. lost some weight.       let's see how well you fight with one arm. donnie, we could use the cavalry.  on it. i hope this dog whistle works on cats.    this isn't over, tiger claw.   aah.   ah.  mikey. i'm good. it's not my waterballoonthrowing arm. ow.  surrender, reptiles.  you're outnumbered.    better count again.  sweet timing, d.  karai.     okay, who forgot to load the manhole covers.  that's all you've got. balls of trash. this baby's still got a few tricks in her.  huh.     not a bad bit of rescuing, huh.  karai.  i have you now.     huh. eat that, kitty cat. yeah. whoohoo. guys leo i know, you're not good at saying thank you.  i hope this means you'll stay. after all, you are family. with shredder after me, what choice do i have. it's actually not bad. it's awesome, right. this calls for a family hug. bring it in. ow. michelangelo, what happened. it's just a scratch, sensei. you should see the other guy. what have you boys done. i thought i told you miwa. father. you see, sensei, i told you my plan would work. perhaps some things are worth the risk.  i have scoured the city, but i've been unable to sniff out the turtles or karai. footbots are still on the search. they will report back to me with every detail. karai's escape was inevitable. in fact, i was counting on it. why. she knows everything. before long, karai will return with hamato yoshi and his wretched turtles to finish what they started, but i will have my vengeance. get me baxter stockman.     come on, mikey. focus. ow, dude. sorry, i didn't  oh, yeah, son. never underestimate the water balloon arm.    no, no, no, no, dude, wait. ow, my arm.  get off. whoa. eh.  is this how training always goes. ya me. my sons and daughter, that is enough for today. karai, you coming. in a minute. not what you expected. i admit, it's a little weird being with people i was told were my enemies. what really happened between you and shredder and my mother.  i'm afraid it goes much deeper than our rivalry over your mother. the bitter feud between the hamato and foot clans lasted centuries.  oroku saki was the son of the enemy, but he was just a child, so my father gave him shelter.  we were raised as brothers and rivals in all things, as brothers are. but that rivalry soon turned bitter when we met tang shen, your mother. jealousy became hatred when saki learned of his true heritage. he swore vengeance and rebuilt the foot clan. one night, oroku saki struck.  the blow that was meant for me struck your mother instead. shredder blamed me, and in his rage, he burned our home to the ground, leaving me to my fate.  he took you away from me. after all this time, haven't you wanted revenge. after all this time, i have learned revenge only leads to more pain. but i've seen you fight, father. you could take him out. we are safe here, and we are finally together again, my daughter. that is all that matters, not revenge.    karai, are you awake.  going after shredder alone is a bad idea. don't try to stop me, leo. i want to go with you. what. you're right. shredder will never stop hunting us. the only way for us to be safe is to take him down. so much of my life has been about revenge. i can't ask you to risk your life too. let me help. sorry, leo.   this ends tonight.  guys. sensei. leonardo, what happened. where is karai. she's gonna take out shredder on her own. i was a fool. i fear i told her too much too quickly. we have to stop her. we can catch up to her in the shellraiser.   karai. shredder.  you returned even sooner than i expected.  the time has come for me to say goodbye, shredder.  foolish child. i taught you everything you know. you hold no surprises for me.    this has gone far enough. still no sign of the turtles. they can't be far behind.  take her to stockman. it is time to begin the experiment. let me go.  they got karai. we're too late. raph, fire up the weapons. no, it's too dangerous. follow close, but don't let them spot us.  whatever you require, i can create it. more mutagen, a few chemicals, and some stockman. aah. oops. um, that should be okay. master shredder. is the mutagen ready. prepared to your specifications. the serpent dna is ready. no, you wouldn't.  make sure she is secure. you are more ruthless than i thought, mutating your own cub. i have no intention of mutating her. she is bait. when the turtles attempt to rescue her, i will drop them into the mutagen. this will mutate them into mindless serpents. i want splinter to witness his own pupils become one of the rat's deadliest predators. then when his spirit is broken, i will shatter his body.  i smell the rat.  welcome, my old friend. let my daughter go.  you are welcome to rescue her if you can.    yes, fight me, rat.  huh. gah.    hang on, karai. thanks.  leonardo.  miwa. karai, nooo.  karai.  miwa. my child. yah. no, my lab.  you, hamato yoshi you did this.  no. master shredder, we must go. leave me. splinter will suffer for what has happened today. you have won. won.  i shall avenge you, my daughter. we gotta get out of here. not without karai. karai, you must listen to me. we must go.  daughter, please.  father.  aah. wait. easy, raph. ah. enough. i can see fine now.  this is all my fault. i should've stopped her when i had the chance. i'm sorry, sensei. sensei. we should go home, my sons. you can make a retromutagen for karai, right. i don't know, mikey. i hope so.   )