turtle power. you got this, leo. let's see if these upgrades are as good as fugitoid promised. fight. yah. shoryuken. substitution: michelangelo. totally wrong game for "shoryukens," bro. fight. finish him. hoo. hah. balloonality. michelangelo wins. aww, yeah. that's how i do it. heh, that was a mediocre battle at best. watch the new ateam in action. aww. apologies, turtles. you are needed on the bridge immediately. what's up, professor. we are closing on the triceraton mothership. teenage mutant ninja the evil triceratons have invaded earth. they brought with them the invincible black hole generator that swallowed the entire planet. my brothers and i escaped, saved by a mysterious robot called the fugitoid. now we're trying to stop the triceratons any way we can. teenage mutant ninja turtles teenage mutant ninja turtles teenage mutant ninja turtles heroes in a half shell, turtle power leonardo's the leader in blue does anything it takes to get his ninjas through donatello is the fellow who has a way with machines raphael's got the most attitude on the team michelangelo, he's one of a kind and you know just where to find him when it's party time master splinter taught 'em every single skill they need to be one lean, mean, green, incredible team teenage mutant ninja turtles teenage mutant ninja turtles teenage mutant ninja turtles heroes in a half shell, turtle power our best entry point is the auxiliary air lock. we'll take the stealth shuttle to sneak aboard. i am certain with 99. 98% certainty that the first piece of the black hole generator is being stored in their main armory. april and casey will remain on the ship with me and monitor your progress. are you kidding. i'm not getting left behind like a chump. he has a point, casey. we're just not as stealthy as the turtles. but i'm getting close. all right, guys, operation infiltrate mothership is a go. are you sure we're invisible in this thing, donnie. absolutely. almost completely positive, sort ofish. uh, not, no, uhuh. phew. we're at the air lock, professor. it appears unguarded but remain cautious. relax, fugitoid. we're ninjas, bro. okay, we're in. lead the way, professor. head down that corridor and you'll find the passage that leads directly to the armory. aww, yeah, this will be easier than stealing pepperoni from a ah. what. these creatures. again. oh, no. aw, space apples. capture them. might i suggest a tactical retreat. what. i'm not running. do what fugitoid says, back to the air lock. easier said than done, dude. bring it on, hornheads. hiyah. you want the air lock. you shall have it. ah, not my superrad helmet. i need that to breathe. open the air lock, slowly. i want to watch them suffer. stay calm, guys. concentrate. remember your training. look, it's sendou jutsu, a meditative breathing technique splinter taught them. they're slowing their body functions to go without oxygen. we should formulate a rescue plan quickly. observe how enemies of the empire suffer. um, admiral. grr, enough of this. open the air lock the rest of the way. and suck them out into space. hail emperor zanramon. admiral mozar, i want you to halt this execution. but, sire, these creatures these alien terrapins intrigue me. perhaps they will make good sport. ah, yes. sweet, sweet air. take these four to the triarena. all the empire will watch you fight and be destroyed. i think we were better off in the vacuum of space. let us out of here. save it, raph. those walls are solid rock. there's got to be a way out. ooh. give me a boost, d. what. oh, mikey, ow. little higher. a little little left. don't waste your strength, little ones. there is no escape from the triarena. who are you. another prisoner. we are all prisoners here. maybe april and casey are working on a rescue plan. what do you mean you can't find them. what if they're being deshelled, or deepfried. or boiled into a triceratonsized ugh, we get it, casey. found them. oh, dear, it seems the turtles are scheduled to fight in the triceraton arena. you mean like gladiators. wicked. yes, wicked and cruel. there is no telling what monsters they'll be forced to fight. well, we can't just sit here. i could remotepilot the shuttle. if we sneak aboard while everyone is watching the games, we should have little trouble finding their prison cell. assuming they survive their first battle. mmm. it's kind of like fried calamari. heads up, neighbor. extracrispy for ya. thank you. i wonder what they're gonna have us fight. fresh meat always fights a spasmosaur. you will meet a quick and painful end. heh, i don't suppose there's a way of stopping it. it's invulnerable, except for one white spot on its flank. but even that is hopeless to reach. prisoners, prepare for battle. good luck, warriors. you'll need it. wait, what's your name, dude. they call me zeno. whoa. fellow saurians, subjects of the empire. we have strange new contestants for today's games. for the first time ever in the triarena, i give you the adolescent alien warrior terrapins. warriors, you will perish for your treachery. but i grant you the chance to win your freedom through the glory of battle. but first you must prove your worth against the mighty spasmosaur. whatever comes out of that gate, we stick together and go for its vulnerable spot, like zeno said. vulnerable spot. move. finding its vulnerable spot might be harder than we thought. ah. do you see that white spot, dudes. all i see are tentacles trying to rip my face off. those aliens have spirit, but the spasmosaur is looking hungry today. there's the white spot. hiyah. yeah, highthree. ow. they fight better than expected. hmm, pure luck, sire. admiral mozar, sir. the fugitoid and two primates. i don't know how they got past security. they must be here to rescue their mutant comrades. a mistake. well, we're completely lost. way to go, fugi nuts. blast them. capture the fugitoid alive. disintegrate the others. april, casey, run. go to the black hole device. i'll find the turtles. but, professor you heard the robot, run. the fugitoid is finally mine. i will take my prize to the emperor personally. congratulations. you are lucky to be alive. that's not luck. it's ninja training, bro. hey, zeno, how'd you end up in here. i am a traitor to the empire. i was once a respected triceraton warrior, but i disagreed with the emperor's plan to find the heart of darkness. the black hole generator. there is no honor in a weapon that destroys worlds from afar. for saying such things, i was thrown into this pit. mmm, oh. you're up again, aliens. already. i fear i know who you are fighting next, turtles. fight with honor and you will find glory. zeno, if we don't see you again, good luck getting your freedom. thank you, my friend. i might need it. on your knees. hmm professor honeycutt, welcome. witness the destruction of your turtle friends. uhoh, look. great, now we got to get out of here and rescue fugitoid. and now, the vile mutant terrapins face your triceraton champion. the great the merciless, zeno the undefeatable. dudes, did he just say zeno. zeno. zeno. zeno. zeno. zeno. zeno, is that really you, dude. i did not mean to deceive you, my friend, but now we meet, as was intended, in glorious battle. but, bro, we can't fight you. ya think. you are honorable beings and deserve a warrior's end. perhaps i will only chop off a limb or two. what. how is that better. why let your friends suffer. i might consider sparing them if you complete the heart of darkness. i will never build such a weapon for you, zanramon. come on, we deserve a three nexton break. we're missing the alien turtle fight. when did you learn to do that. the professor's training. the crystal shard i got from the aeons helps me focus my powers. well, there it is, the first piece of the black hole generator. but how are we going to carry that big thing. ow, ow, ow. this wasn't such a chore, was it. huh. you had to say something, jones. you, intruder, halt. hiyah. those aliens are no match for zeno. leo. leo. wait, dude. zeno, we're friends. we want the same things like fried calamari and getting rid of that black hole thingy. please, the fate of our planet is at stake. do it, zeno. finish the aliens and you will have earned your freedom. zeno. zeno. zeno. you dare. these are honorable beings. we are here because we wish the heart of darkness destroyed. but you would use it like some cowardly kraang. grr, destroy him. escape. find the black hole generator. destroy it. donnie, can you hotwire that thing. hmm. like a turtle do. haha. surprise. what. oh. ow, ow. one move, and king dinobreath gets it. let the fugitoid go, and we walk out of here. my friends. i was just formulating a most excellent rescue plan. what about zeno. looks like he can take care of himself. fools. you have made a grave enemy of the triceraton empire. even if you get off this ship, there is nowhere in the ten dimensions we will not find you. watch out. triceratons behind us. triceratons behind us. emperor zanramon. hold your fire. no. they have the heart of darkness. wipe them out. this way, my friends. beep. i hope you parked close. hold your breath, guys. oh, you got to be kidding. don't let them escape. launch raptors. hit it, professor. phew, now, that was a close one. i can't believe we fought our way through the triceraton mothership and back out again. i can't believe i missed your awesome gladiator battles. we wouldn't have made it without zeno, mmm. one piece down, two more to go. where do you think we'll find the next one, professor. i have an idea where to start. that calls for, booya mmm booya booyakasha. )