thinking that things cannot remain the way they are now, and that he must act alone if he wished to become stronger, yamato left his friends and wandered into the forests with gabumon. it was jureimon who appeared before them. jureimon told him that in order to clear the doubt within his heart, he must fight taichi. is what jureimon said the truth. or is it a trap. there is only one way to find out. and that is clash of the ultimate levels. wargreymon vs metalgarurumon clash of the ultimate levels. wargreymon vs metalgarurumon. oniichan qquit kidding around, yamato. we're all friends here, aren't we. friends. that's right, friends. we're all chosen children, so that makes us friends. then here's a question. who chose us. well if you don't even know that, what makes you think we're friends. you have a point there jyou. there's no use arguing with him. yamato is always like this. always like this. what the hell do you know about me anyway.. i know you. this is your way of throwing a tantrum, isn't it. just because things aren't going the way you want them to. well, aren't you amazing. i don't even have any idea what kind of person i am, but you do. hey, let's stop this, you two. you don't need to tell me that. yamato's the one picking a fight with me. i don't need to listen to this guy. you've grown really mature, taichi. that's not happening. you're being a real pain, yamato. fight me. i told you, no. man, you just don't get it, do you. you're the ones who don't understand. aare you serious. taichi, stay back. agumon, warpevolve. wargreymon. stop this. i have no reason to fight you. you may not have one, but i do. now are you ready to settle the score. do you know why i just hit you. yeah. you want us to fight, too, right. you moron. well, excuse me for being a moron. stop it, you two. please stop. taichi. cool your head off. none of you get it, do you. this punch isn't coming from me. this is from piccolomon. this one's from chuumon. and this is whamon's. yamato. do you really think the digimon who died for us would want us to fight this senseless battle. now do you understand. no, i don't. i don't get it at all. damn it. damn it. what should we do. we have to stop them but we're not strong enough to do that against their ultimate level forms let them fight until they've tired themselves out. hey. don't you care about what happens to our friends. would it be enough to stop them if i did. well then there's no other choice but to sit back and watch them. damn it, you're just a newcomer so you know nothing. stop. we don't need you guys to start fighting, too. man, they're such kids, fighting over a whole lot of nothing brave tornado. do it. do it. keep it up. then die, the both of you. stop it, oniichan. fighting is bad. oniichan i've had enough. mimichan. there's always fighting and more fighting what do we get out of it in the end.. i don't want to deal with this anymore. mimichan cocytus breath. gaia force. are you people our friends. or our enemies. who is hikarisan talking to. i don't know. okay. so you're not bad guys. hikari. koushirohan. whwhat's that. where are we. what's going on. wherever there is light, naturally there will also be darkness. darkness and light are like two sides of the same coin. but if the power of darkness grows larger it's turned into night. what is this place. did we get sucked into another dimension. wait, guys. this is hikarigaoka. that bird is the one we saw four years ago. parrotmon perfect vaccine giant bird digimon special attack sonic destroyer parrotmon. a mysterious digimon who appeared before the children long ago in hikarigaoka. his special attack is sonic destroyer. he was a perfect level. four years ago in your world, a digiegg passed through a tear in the dimension by mistake. what are you talking about, hikari. it's not hikari who's talking. someone is using hikarisan's body to speak to us. i am a being who wishes for balance in the digimon world. could you be the god of the digimon world. no, i am not. i am identical to the digimon in that i am made up of internet data. but unlike the digimon, we are unable to take form. in other words, we don't have a physical body. that is why i am borrowing this person's body to speak to you. why hikari. she was the only one who could hear me. the truth is, i had wanted to talk to you ever since you first arrived on file island. that's hikari and me from four years ago. that one on the phone is me. that's me. and me. there's me and oniichan. i'm there, too. but these lights they are scanning everyone's data. but what for. allow me to explain everything from the very beginning. where are we. this place looks vaguely familiar i see something there. they're digieggs. the crests and digivices are here, too. you're right. um, excuse us for the intrusion. hey, what gives. you could at least answer us. these people are holograms. we are transmitting images of what had occurred in the past into your minds. this is the stone slate in the basement of vamdemon's castle. it's the same room. but what are those people doing. they are preparing for the moment when this world will be overrun by darkness. first, we created the crests and digivices out of the data that we scanned from you. you made them. so that means you guys are the ones who chose us. yes. but why were we chosen. both you and hikarisan made the digiegg that wandered into the real world evolve into greymon, remember. no, he evolved on his own. there is no such thing as a spontaneous evolution. in other words, that evolution was not a mere coincidence. it was because of your presence there that allowed him to evolve into greymon. but we didn't do anything. we didn't even have a digivice. if you think of the digivice as merely a tool for evolution, then you are mistaken. the digivice matches your special qualities with your digimon, and enables them to evolve correctly. the same goes for your crests. is everyone aware of what their crests mean. mine's courage. mine is love. purity. knowledge. sincerity. mine is the crest of hope. friendship, wasn't it. those are the most strongest qualities that each of you had four years ago. but what happens if you lose those qualities. you may end up misusing your digimon for the wrong purposes. also, if you used those wonderful qualities of yours for the wrong reasons could it be. back then, i jumped in front of the enemy so i could force greymon to superevolve. but agumon became skullgreymon instead. that was the wrong kind of courage yes. you've finally realized it. so this means you've put all of this work into bringing the best out of qualities that we'd already had in the first place. yamato. i can understand why taichisan and hikarisan were chosen, but the rest of us didn't make a digimon evolve after examining everyone's data, we found that you share something in common with taichisan and hikarisan. the meaning behind it is is still a mystery to us what are these digieggs. you can't tell. could it be us. yes. which one is me. we can tell by looking at the mark on the crests. there's me. this one's mine. however the dark masters soon found out our plan and they immediately stepped in to bring it down. air shot. these are also holographic images. damn it. are you telling me that we can only stand here and watch, just because they're holograms.. that one is guardromon. guardromon adult data machine digimon special attack destruction grenade guardromon. a machine type digimon with an impenetrable defense. its special attack is destruction grenade. here comes another one. mechanorimon adult virus machine digimon special attack twinkle beam mechanorimon. a powered suits digimon that can be maneuvered as a vehicle. its special attack, twinkle beam, is shot from its linear lens. it's piemon. ddon't come any closer. go away.. don't worry. she just told us that it's all a hologram. he's going to steal the crests. can't we do something. piemon. keep your hands off them. gennai. that's gennaisan. out of my way. don't let him get away with those crests. let's follow them. so that's why i grew up all alone. but we're together now. you're right. it's file island. and then many, many years passed until i hatched. i remember we were waiting all that time for taichi. for yamato. for sora. for jyou. for takeru. for koushirohan. day after day, we'd sit patiently for their arrival until one day taichi. whwhwhat the heck.. so that's what happened. we don't know what the dark masters' final objective is or what must be done to save this world. all we can do for now is watch over the peace of the digimon world and prepare a system that will repair damages before they take effect. what do you think we should do from here. i don't know. but i believe that, through using your own abilities, you will find the answer. hikari. are you okay, hikari. oniichan tailmon. you're okay. thank goodness. are you hurting anywhere. no what's wrong, everyone. iit's nothing. hikari, about what happened to you earlier earlier. uh, if you don't remember, then, never mind. yamato. now we know why we're the chosen children. yeah. just as i'd thought it looks like we're the only ones who can straighten out this world's distortions. yamato. let's fight side by side again. i'm sorry. oniichan. could i have been wrong this whole time. this was all my fault. that's not what i meant. i was talking about how i've been acting up until now it's not my place to say this after how i've behaved, but i don't think there is ever a right or wrong way of doing things. it's simply that you have your path and i have mine. i don't have a clue what sort of path is waiting for me. i thought that if i fought you, i'd be able to find out what it was. apologizing probably won't be enough for you to forgive me, but i'm sorry. but i want to find my own path. no, i have to. that's why i've decided to leave you guys and go on alone from here. just me and tsunomon. please reconsider. after all, yamatosan, your crest i mean, your best quality is. friendship, i know. but friendship is such a flakey word, don't you think. no maybe it just sounds that way to me because i don't know what true friendship really is. hhey how about this. we break into two groups and go on from there. sorry, but i need to do this alone. oh but i know you'll be fine, yamato. i believe in you. what should i do without you. you can take care of yourself now. but you're with us, takerukun. yamato has something he wants to think about on his own. let him go. thanks. well, we should get going too. let's win those battles and fix the distortions in the digimon world. mimichan. i'm sorry, sorasan. i'm not going. not going. you want to stay here. yeah. others may get hurt and die again i don't want to see that anymore. then i'll stay too. jyousan. it's dangerous for mimichan to be here on her own. i'll do my best to convince her to come back, and after i've done that, we'll join up with you guys again. yeah. we're counting on you, jyou. okay. jyou, wait for me. everyone is being separated again and just when all eight of us got together, too you guys don't get it, do you. the roads we take are different but the place we'll end up in is the same. we'll get there, no matter how thorny our paths get. original concept hongou akiyoshi  script masaki hiro  chief animation director itou tomoko  episode director imazawa tetsuo  voice talent yagami taichi  takenouchi sora  ishida yamato  izumi koushiro  tachikawa mimi  takaishi takeru  kido jyou  hikari  fujita toshiko  mizutani yuko  kazama yuuto  tenjin umi  maeda ai  konishi hiroko  kikuchi masami  araki kae  voice talent agumon  piyomon  gabumon  tentomon  palmon  patamon  gomamon  tailmon  sakamoto chika  shigematsu katori  yamaguchi mayumi  sakurai takahiro  mizowaki shihomi  matsumoto miwa  takeuchi junko  tokumitsu yuka  voice talent piemon  pinocchimon  narration  ohtsuka chikao  kozakura etsuko  hirata hiroaki  translation onkeikun editing splash timing splash typesetting splash raws onkeikun karaoke timing mirrim splash karaoke styling j0hnny kaiserdragon encoding nitephire opening theme butterfly artist wada kouji  songwriter chiwata hidenori  composer chiwata hidenori  arranger watanabe cheru  ending theme keep on artist maeda ai  songwriter nk composer kine naoto  arrangers kine naoto & yuasa kouichi  jyou and mimi help the injured and unconscious ogremon. but before them appears etemon, who they'd thought had died no, it's his ultimate form, metaletemon. he's risen from the darkness just to get his revenge on the children. what's more, pinocchimon's fierce attacks continue. next time on digimon adventure: metaletemon's counterattack. metaletemon's counterattack now the adventure evolves. )