to find his true self, yamato challenged taichi to a duel. in the midst of their battle, an entity took possession of hikari's body and explained the secrets behind the chosen children. all of the mysteries were revealed. but in the end, yamato chose to leave them and find his own path, while mimi, who felt troubled with fighting, also left the group with jyou. what is the fate of the children, now that they have split apart. metaletemon's counterattack. metaletemon's counterattack. woodmon adult virus plant digimon special attack branch drain woodmon. a plant digimon. normally it impersonates an ordinary tree and lives on the energy of digimon that it snares as they pass by. don't you underestimate my power. still, even a swarm like this is too many for me to fight at once i'll just have to fend them off and keep running. haouken. this is delicious. um, jyousenpai. what. i'm sorry for making you indulge my selfishness. selfishness. i don't think you're being selfish at all. what you say is absolutely right, mimikun. fighting only gives way to more fighting, and that never solves anything. but no, never mind. jyou. what. you should share with us if you have something to say. that's not how it goes, gomamon. even if there is something you want to say, there are times when it's better off that you don't say it. yeah, that might be true. no, it's gotta be. oh, you think so too, gomamon. what is that. that's a meteor. it's heading towards us. crap. i can't afford to die here. not until i've beaten leomon huh. whwhat the hell is that.. something exploded. whwhat happened. was that an earthquake. a meteor. and a huge meteor at that. it came crashing down here. a meteor. enough with the meteor. let's go back to what we were talking about. yeah. i say we go to pinocchimon's mansion. we can take you there. instead of waiting, we should make the first move and challenge him to a battle. i agree. besides, we don't have time to waste in the first place. if we don't hurry, it'll end up being too late for both our world and yours. oniichan, let's go. wwait a minute, guys. pinocchimon is an ultimate level, remember. we can't win that easily against him. but we have to fight him one day, don't we. that's right. why don't we take a vote. all who think we should go to pinocchimon's mansion. me. me. taichisan. taichi. what would yamato do at a time like this. what would he say. taichisan. if something were to happen to takeru, how would i be able to face yamato. oniichan. are we going. or are we not. you won't go, right, taichi. all right, i got it. why don't we take a look at the place first before we figure things out. okay. okay. follow me, everyone. sora. i guess there's no other choice, if that's what you've decided. that's not what i meant. if we find any danger there, koromon and i will stop the enemy's attacks. i want you to lead the others to safety while we distract him. taichi. i'm counting on you. okay. note: the kanji on his chest say "strongest. " over there. the meteor fell on top of that cliff. but where did it come from. maybe from earth. huh. what's wrong. i smell something over there. be careful. it could be a trap. there's someone lying injured on the ground. i wonder how that happened. are you okay. hang in there. it's ogremon. he's not moving maybe he's dead. hey, what should we do. we'll be in big trouble if he attacked us again like he did on file island it's best if we ignored him. mimikun. what are you doing. those wounds look terrible. yyou. a chosen child. don't move. you'll open your wounds. palmon, look for medicinal herbs. gomamon, find some water. okay. okay. jyousenpai, could you. ookay, i got it. allow me to treat his wounds. i am a doctor's son, after all. yyou guys stay still. that hurts. these herbs must sting a lot. your arm might be broken, so i'll put it in a sling. um i guess this will work. why toilet paper. i'm substituting them for bandages. before we returned to this world, i thought i should bring stuff that would be useful to us. this was all i could think of, though. but when you need to use it like this look, it's a big help, isn't it. ouch. jyousenpai, you're so smart. why. why are you helping me. i tried to kill you guys on file island. it won't surprise anyone if you killed me right now. again with killing and not killing don't you know any other words that are more tasteful than that. more tasteful. uum. er no need to strain yourself. well, take care. nno wwait. th th thank you. not at all. you're welcome. ogremon is crying. this must be what people call "crocodile tears. " note: "oni no me ni mo namida"  literally means "tears even in a demons eyes. " i just have some dirt in my eyes. let's play. let's play. let's play "riddle me this." pinocchimon. what do you mean, "riddle me this." what am i missing. you want to know what you're missing. hurry up and tell me. hey, wait. if you don't answer the riddle, i'll kill you. mimi, let me evolve. if togemon got killed gomamon. evolve. gomamon, evolve. ikkakumon. anyone can run and give up nigetari akirameru koto wa daremo harpoon vulcan. when given a second, so let's keep on walking instead isshun areba dekiru kara arukitsuzukeyou there's something only you can do kimi ni shika dekinai koto ga aru aoi hoshi ni so that this blue planet doesn't lose its light hikari ga nakusenu you ni ikkakumon, superevolve. seize the dreams you painted. tsukame. egaita yume wo protect your beloved friends. mamore. daiji na tomo wo then you can become stronger takumashii jibun ni nareru sa zudomon. unknown power dwells in your heart shiranai pawaa ga yadoru when its fire is lit haato ni hi ga tsuitara bullet hammer. hammer spark. even your wishes, it's true, donna negai mo uso ja nai will surely be granted, so kitto kanau kara show me your brave heart show me your brave heart i'm not hearing an answer. then i guess i'll have to kill you. who are you. don't you know a superstar when you see one. now applause, applause. it's been a long time, chosen children. you're etemon. etemon is old news. now i've been reborn into the new and improved metaletemon. metaletemon ultimate virus cyborg digimon special attack banana slip metaletemon. the ultimate level digimon that evolves from the perfect level etemon. his special attack is banana slip. i thought you died. how did you come back. thank you for asking. it's a tale that makes both its listeners and storyteller weep with emotion. after my battle with metalgreymon, you are all aware that i was sucked into a black hole, yes. within the dark realms of hell, my body was broken down and regenerated over and over again in an endless cycle. but i survived without dying completely. know why. because the only thought that ran through my mind was that i would get my revenge on the chosen children for making me suffer like this. after i was finally reborn into metaletemon, i have returned, on this very day, to this world. so i can get my revenge on you~ my deep and utter hate allowed me to return from the underworld~ thank god it's over. there's still more where that came from, little boy. who are you calling a little boy.. banana slip. what's wrong, little boy. stop calling me that. how dare you. drill nose. hekoki attack.  number one punch. now you've done it. little children should behave like little children. run now while they're distracted. good idea. so that's pinocchimon's mansion. he has two guards. look them up. floramon child data plant digimon special attack allergy shower floramon. a plant digimon who has evolved into the shape of a reptile. her special attack is allergy shower. the other one is deramon perfect data bird digimon special attack royal nuts he looks like a bird at first glance, but he is a strange digimon with vegetation growing out of his back. his special attack is royal nuts. he's a perfect level. but i doubt we'll have a problem beating these two. let's go on ahead, everyone. wait. there may be more of them inside. i'll take a look around first, so i want the rest of you to wait here. then i'll come with you. patamon and i are the only ones who know how things look inside. i see your point, but are you still going to treat me like a little kid. let's all go together, oniichan. i agree with hikarisan. it won't be scary if we all went together. what do you say, taichi. all right. let's all go, guys. what the heck is this. ouch. ow ow ow. take that. stop. it tickles. now while i have him occupied, i'll get the children they're gone. what.. this is your fault. no, it's yours. i quit. what happened to you. i'm going home. what a disgusting little brat. but thankfully he's not around to interfere with me anymore. just wait, children. you'll regret having made light of me. koromon, evolve. agumon. petit thunder. baby flame. what do you guys think you're doing de aru.. i think that's obvious. you're pinocchimon's minions, aren't you. absolutely not de aru. we don't work for him at all. then what are you. i don't know he thinks of us as his playmates de aru, but we don't share the same feelings de aru. don't tell him i said this de aru but the truth is, we really hate pinocchimon de aru. oh yeah. i remember now de aru. pinocchimon doesn't have any friends de aru. that makes pinocchimon a really sad guy de aru then. you don't have to copy him. well. is pinocchimon inside. no de aru. he's out de aru. what should we do, taichi. i say we sneak inside pinocchimon's mansion. deramon, could you take us there de aru. very well de aru. follow me de aru. let me ask you one favor first de aru. please keep this a secret from pinocchimon de aru. we got it de aru. we got it de aru. damn it where did you run off to, children. do your wounds still hurt. i'm fine, miss. but i promise you, i'll return the favor for this one day. you don't have to do that. no, i will. otherwise, i won't be at peace with myself. that's the code of honor that every lone wolf upholds. by "code of honor," do you mean that policy about never leaving their benefactor until they've returned the favor in full. that is so last century. so i'm an old school digimon, so what look, ogremon is sulking. whwhat the hell was that.. i think it was a jackinthebox de aru. you're not trying to lead us into a trap, are you. nnot at all de aru. we're too transparent to be as mean and underhanded as pinocchimon de aru. please believe me de aru. oniichan, let's believe him. huh. it's a fire truck. don't. if you touch that. a siren in that case get it away everyone, get down. it was a time bomb. that's why i told you not to touch anything. i'm sorry i'm sorry you want to know why i fight with leomon. yes. i want to know the reason behind why you two fight. having a reason and all, that just complicates things. my destiny is twisted together with leomon's. we're like eternal rivals. then what will happen when one of you wins. what'll happen when someone wins. i guess we'll cheer and feel happy to know who's stronger. and after that. what d'ya mean after that. what will you do if your rival was gone. if leomon was gone. don't go there. i don't even wanna think about that. defeating leomon is the only thing that has meaning in my life. if leomon was gone, then i'd i'd what you're saying is a logical contradiction. think about it more carefully. shut up. even if i am contradicting myself, i'm still going to beat leomon. what happens afterwards doesn't matter. i'll just think about that after i've beaten him. so in the end we've just come back full circle what was that. found you~ run. who should i play with next. pinocchimon's coming back. are you ready. but none of us know how to fire this thing. hey, you two you want me to fire it de aru. very well. but you must definitely keep this a secret from pinocchimon de aru. we know. de aru~ well, here we go de aru. alignment set. fire de aru. whwhat.. what the heck.. great, a hiding spot. i get it. it must be the chosen children. just you watch i'll get rid of you guys once and for all. where did you go, children~. whwho is that. friend. or foe.. original concept hongou akiyoshi  script masaki hiro  chief animation director yamaguchi toshio  episode director kawada takenori  voice talent yagami taichi  takenouchi sora  izumi koushiro  tachikawa mimi  takaishi takeru  kido jyou  hikari  fujita toshiko  mizutani yuko  tenjin umi  maeda ai  konishi hiroko  kikuchi masami  araki kae  voice talent agumon  piyomon  tentomon  palmon  patamon  gomamon  tailmon  sakamoto chika  shigematsu katori  sakurai takahiro  mizowaki shihomi  matsumoto miwa  takeuchi junko  tokumitsu yuka  voice talent pinocchimon  ogremon  metaletemon  narration  kozakura etsuko  egawa hisao  masutani yasunori  hirata hiroaki  translation onkeikun editing splash timing splash typesetting splash raws onkeikun karaoke timing mirrim splash karaoke styling j0hnny kaiserdragon encoding nitephire opening theme butterfly artist wada kouji  songwriter chiwata hidenori  composer chiwata hidenori  arranger watanabe cheru  insert song brave heart artist miyazaki ayumi  songwriter oomori sachiko  composer/arranger oota michihiko  ending theme keep on artist maeda ai  songwriter nk composer kine naoto  arrangers kine naoto & yuasa kouichi  pinocchimon's ultimate weapon finally reveals itself. wargreymon is overwhelmed by its enormous power. meanwhile, as mimi and her group rejoice upon meeting geckomon and the others again, metaletemon closes in on them. children you are our last hope. look upon the ultimate level evolution of a proud warrior. next time on digimon adventure: o wind. o light. saberleomon. now the adventure evolves. o wind. o light. saberleomon )