the seven children were attacked by a crazed meramon but sora's partner evolved to birdramon and was able to extinguish meramon's fire. the children caught a glimpse of the secret behind evolution, realizing that it is achieved whenever they are in danger. however, the terror of the black gears, which cause the digimon to run wild, has only just begun. electric shock. kabuterimon electric shock. kabuterimon no more i can't take another step they're at their limit. we have been walking constantly. all right. let's take a break here. it still doesn't work at times like these, you have to hit it like this. then it'll work. work, work work. please, stop that. i was just trying to help. we understand that, but you wouldn't want other people touching your valued possessions, would you. taichi, wait up. what's up with taichi. must be the bathroom. huh. on running yes. it works. but it's running even though the batteries are dead why. hey, you guys. it's a factory. what are they making. dunno. we'll have to check this place out to see. if we're going to explore, we should also see if anyone's here. in a factory this large, someone has to be here. hello. hello, is anyone here. anyone. maybe no one's here that can't be. there must be people somewhere working these machines. what's up, piyomon. i can hear something. could it be a person. this is the power supply room. let's take a look inside. a giant battery and a motor. this is what's making all of the machines run. what can it be. looks like it got caught between the gears of the machine. aa robot. that's not a robot, that's andromon. this is a digimon too. yeah, a really good digimon. he's also really highly evolved. who's evolved more, him or greymon. definitely andromon. either way, it's not a human let's help him out. yeah. are you still examining it. yes. if you want to look at more of the factory, please go ahead without me. i'll stay here a little longer. heave. heave. heave. heave. heave. heave. did it. he's not waking up, andromon. in times like this, we should hit it. don't do that. machines aren't something you should hit. that's right. you might have broken something inside. wwait. what's going on.. intruder secured. andromon perfect cyborg digimon type data special attack spiral sword gattling missiles andromon. a cyborg digimon whose entire body is made out of machinery. he is said to be the strongest among digimon and has even evolved to the perfect level. what are you doing. sora. magical fire. isn't he supposed to be a good digimon.. he should be then why.. agumon, aim at the ceiling. baby flame. great. now let's get outta here. just what are they making. it must be something really amazing. like a machine that reverses time, or something that'll make adults and children switch bodies. huh. what's this door doing here. what is this. it's a computer program. huh. whwhat now. did the breaker go out. what do we do. it's dark, so maybe he can't see us. you think so. let's hold our breaths and move quietly. intruders sighted. spiral sword. huh, all of the machines in the factory have stopped. maybe i erased the wrong part of the program maybe. oh, what if you repair the part you erased. i can try that. it's moving again. okay, let's go farther ahead. this is really mysterious. what is. batteries create electricity through a chemical reaction between a metal and a solution. but it's different here. the program written on this wall itself is what's giving power. this is kind of complicated. what are you doing now. i'm going to analyze this program. it's finally my laptop's turn to shine. we shouldn't have helped him.. this entire mess began because you two hit his head. hey, as you can see, we're extremely busy right now, so stuff it for later.. intruders locked. spiral sword. koushirohan, you look more excited than you've ever been before. really. yes. is this fun. i'm enjoying deciphering these codes and ancient characters. you enjoy deciphering, huh. do you gain anything out of it. i might be able to solve the secrets that have been surrounding us. like, what kind of world this is, and who you guys are. but i have no interest in learning about where or who i am. oh. do you have interest in who you are, koushirohan. i dear, when are we going to tell him the truth. just a little longer. let's wait a little longer. it'll be too much of a shock to koushiro right now. koushirohan. koushirohan. whwhat. it's acting strange there. take a look. it's moving on its own. and this is lighting up. what is this.. hot, hot, hot. my body is burning up. what's wrong.. i have no clue. hot hot. i can't stand much more of this. any more and it'll be dangerous. watch this. up you go. run. we're in trouble now. we have to let everyone know. so from what i can tell, this factory has an assembly and disassembly line that move in one long process. things that are built are taken apart, and things that are taken apart are built back together in one unending cycle. so, what are they making. nothing. this factory is actually making nothing at all. guys. i've made an amazing discovery. what is it. yes, this factory is run by a program that is providing it energy. in other words, things like data and programs in this world, which are normally nothing but information, have become real hey. did you find something. run. andromon is. andromon. intruders locked. gatling missiles. no. leave it to me. gabumon, evolve. garurumon. agumon, evolve. greymon. greymon. garurumon. spiral sword. mega flame. fox fire. i see. he really is at a higher level. his power and speed everything is a level up from our digimon. how can we win. you can do it, greymon. hang in there, garurumon. koushirohan. that program. are you sure. yes. let's go. whwhat's this. power is surging through me. are you all right. tentomon, evolve. kabuterimon. anyone can run and give up nigetari akirameru koto wa daremo all right. when given a second, so let's keep on walking instead isshun areba dekiru kara arukitsuzukeyou there's something only you can do kimi ni shika dekinai koto ga aru aoi hoshi ni so that this blue planet doesn't lose its light hikari ga nakusenu you ni gatling missiles. seize the dreams you painted. tsukame. egaita yume wo damn. doesn't that andromon have a weakness. protect your beloved friends. mamore. daiji na tomo wo a weakness then you can become stronger takumashii jibun ni nareru sa unknown power dwells in your heart shiranai pawaa ga yadoru kabuterimon. the right leg. aim for andromon's right leg. when its fire is lit haato ni hi ga tsuitara even your wishes, it's true, donna negai mo uso ja nai mega blaster. will surely be granted, so kitto kanau kara show me your brave heart show me your brave heart that's it disappeared the evil has subsided this all started because i was trying to get a black gear stuck within the machines. a black gear. again. i'm grateful that you've saved me, but i've done an unspeakable thing. don't worry about it. it was a minor malfunction. i'd like to answer your questions, but even i don't know the answers. the least i can do is give advice on how to leave this place. take the sewers. thank you, andromon. i wish you the best of luck in returning to your world. everyone's here, right. this place is so clammy and disgusting. yeah. hey, koushirosan. you made tentomon evolve with your laptop, right. can it make my patamon evolve. it just might work. really. that's odd what's wrong. is it broken. i don't think so, but you just need to give it a good whack. that's right. whack it. oww too bad we can't fix your carefree attitudes just by hitting you. the moment they had left, koushiro's laptop became useless. no one knew then that it would be the key to solving the secrets of this world. voices yagami taichi takenouchi sora ishida yamato izumi koushiro tachikawa mimi takaishi takeru kido jyou fujita toshiko mizutani yuko kazama yuuto tenjin umi maeda ai konishi hiroko kikuchi masami voices agumon piyomon gabumon tentomon palmon patamon gomamon sakamoto chika shigematsu katori yamaguchi mayumi sakurai takahiro mizowaki shihomi matsumoto miwa takeuchi junko voices andromon narration yanada kiyoyuki hirata hiroaki mimi and palmon must save their friends, who are captured by monzaemon and toyed by toys. however, they are both powerless. the numemon follow the cowering duo, prepared to fight to the death to protect them. seeing them sparks the fighting spirit within palmon. next time on digimon adventure: palmon's angry evolution. palmon's angry evolution. now the adventure evolves. )