preview seven children, attending a children's camp, were guided by mysterious devices to file island, a place where digital monsters digimon lived. but soon after their arrival, they were attacked by a ferocious digimon, kuwagamon. just as they were driven into a corner, the tiny digimon that were following them evolved. but, even though they thought they had defeated kuwagamon, it came back, putting the children in more grave danger explosive evolution. greymon sora. koushiro. takeru. marching fishes. wwe're saved hey, over there. faster. now we're finally out of danger. what was the deal with those fishes. those were my marching fishes. i'm able to control fish at will. i see, so it was all thanks to you. thank you, pukamon i mean that is it's gomamon. gomamon. what happened to you, tokomon. i'm patamon now. we've evolved. "evolved." what's that mean. normally, it's when organisms in a species change to adapt better to their environment that's right. from that evolution, i changed from motimon into tentomon. i evolved from pyocomon to piyomon. i evolved from tsunomon to gabumon. i evolved from tanemon to palmon. and i evolved from koromon to agumon. in any case, you seem stronger than before. are you still a digital monster, even after you've evolved. yup. i'm so glad to have met you, taichi. huh. why. i haven't been able to evolve on my own. i'm sure i was able to now because i met you. then, is it the same for you, piyomon. yes. could it be the same for everyone. yes it is. it's all thanks to you, mimi. but i don't even know what i did are you able to turn back. maybe not. this still doesn't make much sense to me. it doesn't make much sense to us either. more importantly, what are we going to do now. let's go back to where we came from. we should wait for the adults to come find us. that's easier said than done we've been swept pretty far away it doesn't look easy going back up that cliff either. then what should we do. how about we look for a road somewhere more to the point, where are we. it doesn't look like the camp site, no matter where i look. he's right. the vegetation looks like they're from the subtropics. it sure does. eh, you know what i'm talking about. no. there should be a road that leads back up there. perhaps so. if we go back, we might be able to find clues on why we're here. but aren't there more monsters like the one from before. yes, there are. see. i don't want to put anyone in danger are there any other humans here. humans. like you. yeah. i've never seen any. there's nothing but digimon here. only digimon. but you all sure look different. you said that this is file island, right. is it really an island. i've never heard of it. this place probably isn't in japan anyway, let's go. there's no point standing around here. hey, where do you think you're going. i saw the ocean awhile ago. the ocean. yeah. so let's go see it. should we go. yeah. in times like these, it's best to stay put and wait for the adults to save us. that's also the reason why we should go back to jyou. hurry up. hey. i've never seen trees like these i thought they were subtropical at first, but it appears i was wrong. maybe this really isn't japan they look really strange. these digital monsters should have been a big tipoff that this place is strange. digital monster. . like, electronic monsters. you can refer to us as digimon. you don't appear as electronical as your name suggests. what's that, electricity. how's this. hey, stop that. patamon, you were flying before, right. yeah, i can fly now. look. cool. but i think it's faster if you walked. i'm much faster. look. there's no difference. palmon, you look kind of like a plant. i am. i can even perform photosynthesis. that's neat. do it, do it. mimi, do you know what photosynthesis is. um, not really. what is it. well, i don't really know either you said there was nothing but digimon here, right. yeah. so that means kuwagamon was a digimon. yeah. if there was a big one like him around, there might be others we've already said there are only digimon here. i smell the ocean. and i see it. it's the ocean. why is there a phone ringing in a place like this. what's wrong, taichi. it stopped. i can't believe there are phone booths here it's irrational. but they do look like the phone booths we normally see they're the same as the one next to my house. which means we must still be in japan. japan. jyou, what's that. or maybe not. koushiro, lend me 10 cents. what are you going to do. isn't it obvious. i'm calling home. oh, then you can use my phone card for that. ah, i'm calling mom. me too. me too. hey, takeru. i'll try too. even sorakun is joining in hello. it's me. the time is now  am. beep. beep. beep. beep. whawhat the heck. tomorrow's weather will be sunny, with occasional ice cream. huh. did i dial the wrong number. the number you dialed is no longer in service. calling again is pointless. this is weird, oniichan. i'll try calling my own house. what's wrong with this phone. how are things over here. doesn't look like it worked. currently, this phone is outside of all service areas. well. nothing. thought so. what is with these phones. how about this. the time is now  am. beep. beep. beep. beep. next. he's pretty persistent. that's jyou for ya. no matter where we call, the only thing we get is random information. let's give up and get a move on. wait a second. even if we can't call, there might be someone who'll call us. like the one earlier it's a waste of time staying here. it won't hurt to keep an eye out here. besides, everyone's tired. we're all kind of hungry as well. i guess. we haven't had lunch yet. all right, let's take a break. does anyone have anything to eat. all i have is this huh. this is the thing that came falling from the sky oh yeah. i've got one too. mine's on my bag. i have one too. looks like everyone is holding one. i wonder what these things are anyway, we were talking about food, weren't we. all i have is a travelsize firstaid kit. it has adhesive tape, disinfectant, and some thread and needles. i have this laptop, digital camera, and a cell phone but since i've come here, none of them work. i thought i still had some battery left you sure brought a lot of junk to summer camp. what about you, taichisan. oh, me. just this. a minitelescope. i didn't bring any food either. i did. see. candy. it looks so tasty. but wait, you're not from our school, are you. nope. since it's summer vacation, i came to visit my oniichan. right, oniichan. yyeah he calls yamato "oniichan. " maybe they're cousins mimichan, what did you bring. your bag looks pretty big. oh this. well i have this solid fuel, a swiss army knife, a compass, a flashlight, and then you're pretty prepared for survival it's been a long time since i've gone to camp, so i borrowed my dad's gear. secretly. you don't normally bring this stuff though. but they may turn out to be useful to us now. that's true we don't know what to expect from now on yeah you're right. anyway looks like jyou's still making phone calls, but there's no way he could have brought food or what the. he has the emergency food supply. he does. hey, jyou. you're carrying the emergency rations. why do i have to carry that.. but that bag bag. oh yeah, i've been trying to hand this over to mimikun. he's talking about you. me. mimikun, it was your turn to take charge of the emergency rations. you need to keep a better eye on it. but it's so heavy. don't be so selfish. now, now. it's great just knowing that we have something to eat. now let's have some lunch. right. each group is given three days worth of food. since our group had six people, 6x3x3 is right. so if we divide that up evenly between 7 people two and a half days. rright but since we're sharing with the digimon, it'll be half that. the food won't last for more than a day. oh yeah we're fine. we'll find food for ourselves. you don't need to count us in. is that really okay. yeah, it is. it's what we've always been doing. that really helps us. okay then, this food will be for the humans how is it. taste good, agumon. yeah. aid it's only for the humans. oh relax. don't be stingy. no. what's wrong, piyomon. something's coming. whwhat is it. it's shellmon. shellmon. this area must be his territory. shell. shellmon. he is an aggressive adult level digimon. everyone, this way. jyou.. let's go, guys. i'm counting on you, agumon. baby flame. petit fiyaaa huh. magical fihuh. petit thunder ugh what's wrong. their attacks aren't working. agumon. damn it. air sho poison ivy. huh. baby flame. looking good, agumon. how come only agumon can fight. i'm sorry i'm so hungry gabumon i have no strength i get it. it's because agumon ate earlier. i see so does that mean the other digimon have no power to fight. agumon, we'll have to make do on our own. gotcha, taichi. hey. over here, shellmon. taichi. baby flame. take this. you piece of damn it. taichi. damn it. at this rate, everyone will isn't there anything we can do.. taichi. agumon. taichi.. whwhat's that. agumon, evolve. greymon. he evolved again into greymon. you can do it, greymon. mega flame. agumon. you changed back are you okay, agumon. taichi i'm hungry hello. hello.. there's no reason for us to stay here now. yeah eat as much as you want. we haven't completely beaten shellmon. we should leave before he comes back to assault us again. that's true. then let's go back to that forest. the forest that we turned up in. let's wait for help there. like i said before, we fell off a cliff and went downstream. we can't get back so easily. no more kuwagamon. since there were phones here, there must be people who've put them there. we should go look for them. that's a good idea i agree with that plan. all right. let's do it. i'll go wherever you go, taichi. thanks, agumon. then it's decided. yeah. make sure you don't leave your stuff behind, everyone. all right. let's go. and so, the seven children and digimon set off into an unknown world of adventure. "i must protect my little brother at all costs. " as these thoughts weigh over yamato's head, a vicious lake digimon attacks him. to save takeru, yamato tries to sacrifices himself, but then a huge wolf engulfed in blue flames rushes to his rescue. next episode of digimon adventure: the blue wolf. garurumon now the adventure evolves. explosive evolution. greymon note: "oniichan," which means "older brother," can also be used towards an older boy cousin. since yamato and takeru have different last names, the kids think they could be cousins. bag: for emergency use shellmon adult aquatic digimon type data special attack hydro pressure the blue wolf. garurumon kawatsu yasuhiko hirata hiroaki anyone can run and give up when given a second, so let's keep on walking instead there's something only you can do so that this blue planet doesn't lose its light seize the dreams you painted. protect your beloved friends. then you can become stronger unknown power dwells in your heart when its fire is lit even your wishes, it's true, will surely be granted, so show me your brave heart nigetari akirameru koto wa daremo isshun areba dekiru kara arukitsuzukeyou kimi ni shika dekinai koto ga aru aoi hoshi ni hikari ga nakusenu you ni tsukame. egaita yume wo mamore. daiji na tomo wo takumashii jibun ni nareru sa shiranai pawaa ga yadoru haato ni hi ga tsuitara donna negai mo uso ja nai kitto kanau kara show me your brave heart )