the children were forcibly separated by devimon. but taichi and yamato, along with mimi and koushiro, were somehow able to meet up again. how are sora and jyou doing among the three remaining children. the dancing ghosts. bakemon the dancing ghosts. bakemon chosen children curse the fates that have befallen you. this is why i didn't want to come to camp  did you eat all of it.. yeah. this is why i didn't want to come to camp.. i have to study for entrance exams next year to get into a prestigious middle school. there's no point in telling me that, since there's nothing i can do about it then who do i tell.. there's no one here but me and you, gomamon.. well, that's true, but we should try floating here with a bit more hope in our hearts. that way we won't end up being seasick, i mean, bedsick and what do hope and seasickness have to do with each other.. are you okay. no, i'm not. oh geez that's why i said to have more hope. a box. maybe it has food. like bottles of fresh water and sterilized food packages. no way. you just told me to have more hope right now... calm down too bad i'm not food. i'll be the one to kill the chosen children. you. marching fishes. whwhwhat are these things.. hhey, stop it. the thoroughly evil digimon, ogremon, is being defeated by the likes of fish. ogremon grew up in the great canyon mountains, so he should be weak against the smell of raw sea fish. haouken. or so i thought, but i guess not. nno way. you're next. gomamon, evolve. ikkakumon. haouken. harpoon vulcan. jyou, climb on my back. you're not gettin' away. where are you going.. wait. damn it. i can't follow 'cause i can't swim. that was scary i knew it was the wrong idea to come to camp ikkakumon. i'm tired ii can see that you must've used up all your energy in that battle. piyo~ piyo~ piyo~ piyo~ fishing. i thought i should try to get some food. you're so smart. i'm starving the bait is just a twig though. it'd be great if some fish out there thought it was a worm. i can't see anything because of the fog. i think this might be an island you caught something. there is a big fish that's stupid enough to think a twig is a worm. i'll help. jyousenpai. gomamon. just what happened. well while we were drifting on the bed, ogremon attacked us. we made our escape somehow, but shortly afterwards, i lost my strength can i ask a favor. what is it. it's about jyou. is there something wrong with him. he's turning more timid by the second. well, he was never that strong of heart to begin with we don't know what'll happen from now on. if he stays like this, we can't have a proper adventure. so what should we do. make him our leader so he can gain confidence. jyou. jyousenpai. gomamon sorakun, piyomon. where's everyone else. we don't know. we just got here ourselves. i see that's why, you should be our leader, jyousenpai. i agree. me too. wwwwait a minute. you're the only one who can do it. that's right. fine then. i'll be the leader. is that bell ringing to celebrate me becoming the leader. it can't be the fog is lifting. it's a church. there might be humans there this time. yyou think so. let's check it out. wait. jyou is our leader. leader. what should we do. wwwell, ththat is ookay everyone, llet's go. stop. just like we thought, this place really was a part of file island before it broke up. all right. now we can finally meet humans besides us at that church. do you still believe that. yes. they must be there this time. but you have no proof i 'm the leader... yes, but why is he getting so worked up. he's turned into more of a leader. oh, really. what's that. go take a look, leader. go look. leader. want me to go. ththere's no need for you to do that. i'm the leader, so i'll do it. ththere really are humans here. a lot of them. what are they doing. it looks kind of fun. why are they dancing. is it a festival. this is a carnival where we give offerings to bakemonsama. please come inside. ssure, thank you. i'd like to ask something. go on. you mentioned a bakemonsama the bakemon i know is a ghost digimon who lives in the overdell graveyard. i really don't think he's worthy enough to be given offerings and called with a "sama" added to his name note: "sama" is a polite addon indicating reverence and worship. me neither. god does not forgive those who speak rudely of bakemonsama. i'm sorry. where's your offering. i don't see it anywhere it's here. where. our offering to bakemonsama is you. bakemon ghost digimon adult type virus special attack hell's hand bakemon. a ghost digimon that wears a white sheet. no one knows what its true form looks like underneath. bakemon. so that means. overdell graveyard. magical fire. gomamon, evolve. gomamon. i can't evolve now because i used it up earlier. piyomon, evolve. piyomon. i'm so hungry i can't evolve. are we going to be offered to bakemonsama. it looks that way i knew i should've stayed home studying instead of coming to camp. there he goes again pepper. salt. ii think you should keep it light on the salt, don't you. that's true. they do say that eating too many salty things isn't good for your body. i knew it. bakemonsama is planning to eat us. just who is this bakemonsama.. these walls are too thick for us to break down. but we have to get out somehow. let's trick that bakemon into getting us out. he looks stupid enough. how do you know he's easy to fool. digimon who sleep with a mucus bubble coming out of their noses are easy to fool. is it really a good idea to judge based on that. yup. so how do we do it. bakemon. are you talking to me. yup, i am. what is it. try and torture us. we want to be tortured. you two sure are weird digimon. we're hungry. so why don't you eat something in front of us to torture us. huh. could it be this graveyard is so poor that you don't even have anything to eat. whwhat.. no, we have lots of food. then torture us with it. look, doesn't it look tasty. i'm so hungry i can't see. come closer. like this. i'm so hungry i can't smell anything. come closer. like this. now. this is enough to bring back my energy. mmy soul tastes bad.. what. are you saying mine tastes better.. yeah, it probably tastes better than mine.. jyousenpai. and you call yourself a leader.. let us begin to call forth bakemonsama. gomamon, evolve. ikkakumon. anyone can run and give up nigetari akirameru koto wa daremo when given a second, so let's keep on walking instead isshun areba dekiru kara arukitsuzukeyou there's something only you can do kimi ni shika dekinai koto ga aru aoi hoshi ni piyomon, evolve. so that this blue planet doesn't lose its light hikari ga nakusenu you ni birdramon. seize the dreams you painted. tsukame. egaita yume wo ikkakumon. birdramon. protect your beloved friends. mamore. daiji na tomo wo then you can become stronger takumashii jibun ni nareru sa unknown power dwells in your heart shiranai pawaa ga yadoru harpoon vulcan. when its fire is lit haato ni hi ga tsuitara hell's hand. even your wishes, it's true, donna negai mo uso ja nai meteor wing. will surely be granted, so kitto kanau kara bake. show me your brave heart show me your brave heart bakemonsama is much stronger than i thought. well, he's a ghost. to fight against ghosts, you need to chant a sutra praying for god's good grace. chant a what. by chanting the sutra, bakemonsama's power will weaken. can you do that. yes. do you know any sutras. my grandmother from the country taught me one so i could pray to do better on exams. will that work against bakemonsama. it's a sutra, so it's gotta work. what's with the sudden confidence. you're kind of scaring me ookay. um let's see um bakemonsama's power really is getting weaker. will surely be granted, so kitto kanau kara ikkakumon. birdramon. now. show me your brave heart show me your brave heart harpoon vulcan. meteor wing. we did it. we won.. i have no idea what just happened, but this is so cool.. black gears. it's infinity mountain. everyone might be over there. let's go look. voices takenouchi sora kido jyou mizutani yuko kikuchi masami voices gomamon piyomon ogremon devimon takeuchi junko shigematsu katori egawa hisao shiozawa kaneto voices bakemon clergyman bakemon a bakemon b bakemon c narration keaton yamada miyata harunori ishizuka katashi sonobe keiichi hirata hiroaki takeru and patamon arrive in a strange town inhabited by baby digimon. takeru delights in the playful environment, but then the babies' guardian, elecmon, appears. as patamon and elecmon fight, they drag their manly pride with the rope they pull against each other. next time on digimon adventure: adventure. patamon and i now the adventure evolves. adventure. patamon and i )