to protect the eighth child, taichi and the others chased after vamdemon and returned to japan. at first they searched hikarigaoka in tokyo, but the eighth child was nowhere to be found. with no other choice, the children decided to take their digimon and return home for the time being. after their long adventures, they looked forward to seeing their homes. raremon. attack in tokyo bay raremon. attack in tokyo bay. what. not only mammon, but even gesomon was killed. yes. really, the troops that tailmon brought with her are all useless. what's so funny. nnothing at all, sir. in any case, keep searching. find the eighth child. yyes, sir. understood. i wonder if hikarichan's gotten over her cold yet when we came back here earlier, hikari remembered what happened four years ago. you don't think she's the eighth child, do you. here you go, meeko. we're home. we're back. welcome back, mom and dad. how was grandma. nothing serious. she said she fell while walking down a slope and sprained her ankle a little. she went to the hospital to have it checked just in case, and she'll be out in two or three days. that's great. thank you. your grandmother was more worried about your cold, hikari. i think my cold is gone now. oh. let's see. your fever's gone down. i'm home. taichi. shouldn't you be in camp. ooh, it got cancelled because of the snow. snow. really, i wonder what's wrong with the weather we've been having lately. what's that. iit's a souvenir for hikari. i see. that's very thoughtful of you. taichi. mom whwhat's this all of a sudden. what's wrong. dad. yes, that's true. in any case, your koushiro is such a smart and polite boy. i'm so jealous of you. compared to him, my little brats are picky and all they ever do is act selfishly. that's mine. hey. mizuki, don't hit your little brother. i'm home. camp got cancelled. is that so. i'm sorry for worrying you. be quiet. ah, i'm sorry. hello. izumisan. hello. hello. yyes. is something the matter. nothing at all. okay i'm heading to taichisan's house for a bit. now. i need one of his reference books, so i'll be right back. it certainly does appear to be showing two monsters monsters sighted in tokyo bay.. but are these creatures really monsters. we're quite interested to know if they're related to the giant elephant and fire bird that rampaged in hikarigaoka. and now for sports. i'm home. welcome back. i really didn't want to do this then why did you. there will be trouble if my parents find you in here while i'm gone. that's true by the way. what. some nice smells have been coming from outside ever since we got here. your mother must be making something delicious for you. she must be a very nice mother. yeah. she's a really good mom. dear, when are we going to tell him the truth. let's wait a little longer. just a little longer. it'll be too much of a shock to koushiro right now. but maybe he already knows that he's not our real son that he's adopted did something happen. nothing specific, but it's just my intuition but what. no, it's nothing. koushiro. yyes. time for dinner. i'll be right there. by the way, do you have a friend over. maybe i'm hearing things i thought i heard someone else's voice in your room. ii was practicing manzai. note: manzai  is a japanese form of standup comedy between two performers. they often speak in kansai dialect, just like tentomon does. there's an entertainment contest approaching at school. manzai. when i scared the old man at the fish store, guess what he shouted. oh. what did he say. "gyo." note: gyo  means both an exclamation of surprise and "fish." don't be silly. i'm sorry it wasn't that funny ththat's not true at all. it was very funny. it was the best i've ever heard. the best. really. the best. i never would have thought you would take up manzai. you sure surprised me. i'm sorry. hey, there's no need to apologize. yes, it's a happy kind of surprise. ookay. um could i eat the rest of my dinner in my room. i won't mind if you leave whatever you hate on your plate. nno, i don't hate it at all. i love everything you make, mom. oh thank you, mom. i'm really grateful for everything you do. oh, i left the bathwater running. more please. what's going on here. this is three times more than you usually eat. i haven't tasted anything so good in a long time. enough with the flattery. don't think i'll raise your allowance because of a few compliments. koushirohan, you look really happy about something. koushiro thanked me he said, "thank you, mom" isn't that great. machspeed postal service why were you crying back then. not telling. oniichan, have you got everything taken care of. no, not yet. by the way, hikari, do you remember what happened at hikarigaoka four years ago. koromon got bigger and fought with a huge bird, right. yeah, that's the one. you forgot. hey, hikarichan. you don't have a digivice, do you. digivice. this. i see well, of course not. taichi, i'm sleepy. yeah, me too. let's sleep. see you, hikari. good night. good night. huh. meeko. meeko. huh. what's happening. how can i find the eighth kid when i don't even know where huh. he's close by. here's my chance to prove myself. i'm stuffed gennaisan added a lot of different programs in this let's see i wonder what this does. ththat's it. then how about this. i don't need this. what else. it's a map of tokyo. huh. what's this. there's trouble. an unidentified digimon has landed on shibaura. what.. is this the yagami residence. this is izumi. is taichisan home. he is, but want me to wake him up. no, that's okay. i'm sorry for disturbing you. i'm sorry for such a latenight call. is sorasan there. is yamatosan home. thank you. is something wrong. an unknown digimon has surfaced on shibaura. i've tried contacting taichisan and the others, but everyone is sleeping they're all tired from what happened earlier this afternoon. we'll just have to go ourselves. yeah. no matter who our opponent is, i'm sure we can handle them alone. whwho is that. it's called raremon. raremon adult virus undead digimon special attack hedoro raremon. an undead digimon who failed trying to reinforce its decaying body with metal. its special attack is hedoro. what's wrong. the eighth child is around here. that's big news. if we lose him now, we won't know when we'll find him next. i'll do something about raremon. go look for the eighth child, koushirohan. is that all right with you. we have no other choice. i'm counting on you. okay. tentomon, evolve. kabuterimon. anyone can run and give up nigetari akirameru koto wa daremo now it's my turn. taichi. when given a second, so let's keep on walking instead isshun areba dekiru kara arukitsuzukeyou whwhat. i just received a call from koushirokun. he sounded a bit odd. there's something only you can do kimi ni shika dekinai koto ga aru aoi hoshi ni what did he say. mega blaster. so that this blue planet doesn't lose its light hikari ga nakusenu you ni seize the dreams you painted. tsukame. egaita yume wo protect your beloved friends. mamore. daiji na tomo wo it disappeared no it's moving. then you can become stronger takumashii jibun ni nareru sa this way. um um unknown power dwells in your heart shiranai pawaa ga yadoru hello, izumi residence. oh, taichikun. thank you for watching over koushirokun during camp. also, thank you for lending him your reference book. mega blaster. koushiro. are you asleep, koushiro. he must be tired from camp. we should let him sleep. okay. i'll just gather his dishes for washing then. dear. the eighth child where is he. it's probably nothing. koushiro is an adolescent now. but he said he was grateful. is that something a child his age would normally say to his parents. you're thinking too much about it. maybe. but don't you find it odd that spending only a half day at camp has changed his personality so much. the child should be around here you. mega blaster. koushirohan. what. damn it. you're a lucky bastard. thanks, kabuterimon. reporting live from shibaura. we have yet to confirm the appearance of the monster. does it even exist. wait. look at that. it's too bad we couldn't find the eighth child. but at least knowing that the eighth child is around here, and not in hikarigaoka, is a great find. taichisan's guess was correct. we need to let the others know about this first thing tomorrow. yeah. i see. that's where the eighth child is located. we have no more business here. it's late, so let's get some sleep. um koushirohan i'm sorry. i've used up all of my energy in the fight. could i get something to eat. okay. i'll look for something. thank you. ever since he came back, it's like he's hiding something from us. maybe he's doing something secret. even if he is, we can't blame him. we're keeping something from him, too. dad, mom i'm sorry for worrying you. i'll try and get koushiro to tell me what he's up to. i'm sorry. what's wrong. just to speak honestly i wish that koushiro would act more spoiled and unreasonable instead of always keeping it inside and being a good boy. i want him to tell me what he likes and hates. that's what being a kid is all about. don't you think so. i wonder why koushiro called i wonder where meeko went she'll be back by morning. okay is the eighth child passing by here. oniichan. a shooting star. original concept hongou akiyoshi  script masaki hiro  chief animation director yajima yoshitaka  episode director shibata hiroki  voice talent yagami taichi  hikari  izumi koushiro  fujita toshiko  araki kae  tenjin umi  voice talent koromon  tentomon  sakamoto chika  sakurai takahiro  voice talent vamdemon  picodevimon  taichis mother  taichis father  koushiros father  narration  ohtomo ryuzaburo  miyata kouki  mizutani yuko  chiba susumu  kikuchi masami  hirata hiroaki  translation onkeikun editing splash timing dragonsamurai55 splash typesetting splash raws onkeikun karaoke timing mirrim splash karaoke styling j0hnny kaiserdragon encoding nitephire opening theme butterfly artist wada kouji  songwriter chiwata hidenori  composer chiwata hidenori  arranger watanabe cheru  insert song brave heart artist miyazaki ayumi  songwriter oomori sachiko  composer/arranger oota michihiko  ending theme keep on artist maeda ai  songwriter nk composer kine naoto  arrangers kine naoto & yuasa kouichi  enveloped in darkness, vamdemon's powers increase. taichi and the others panic when they still can't find their comrade. tokyo tower appears in mimi's eyes when she raises her gaze. an evil digimon hot enough to melt iron appears there. at an altitude of 300 meters, tokyo's skies are dyed with scorching flames. next time on digimon adventure: tokyo tower is hot. deathmeramon. now the adventure evolves. tokyo tower is hot. deathmeramon )