devimon split up the children into different areas but two of the chosen children, taichi and yamato, were able to meet up again and return the island to normal. how have mimi and koushiro been doing in the meantime. kentarumon the defender. kentarumon the defender. the island is breaking to pieces. i hate this where are we. since we were blown away so suddenly, i can't be sure, but i think this is a jungle. well, even i know that what'll happen to us now. i don't know, but we should try looking for someone in the meantime. yyeah, you're right. there has to be someone close by. koushirohan. instead of staring at ruins, we should look for the others, shouldn't we. no. if i find out how these ruins came about, that information might turn out to be useful later on. koushirohan look, bananas. banana. could you grab those for me. i haven't had food that actually looks like food in a long time. what is this.. it's surprisingly good. this happens all the time. i hate it hello. hello. who are they. sukamon and chuumon. they're always together. nice to meet'cha. sukamon adult mutant digimon type virus special attack poop sukamon. he's shaped like a sparkling, golden poop. because he has no talents of his own, the smaller chuumon acts as his brains. eww. take that. and that. hey, what are you doing.. if you don't like it, drop all of your bags. all of it. bags. are you trying to rob us. you look like you have some nice stuff on you, so leave all of that. all of it. leave it all. no. she said no. i'd rather dump it into the ocean than give it to you. is that wrong. well, that's not wrong, but but no more my heart somehow feels kinda refreshed~ very refreshed~ well, we're not refreshed at all. i feel like i've turned into a good poop. a good one, a good one. i wonder if that's the truth. let me ask then, have you seen any humans around here. humans. something that looks like her. oh, yeah. you saw them. it was far away, so i can't be sure but i saw something similar to you and a tentomon fall in the ancient dino region. really. if tentomon was there, that must mean koushirokun is there too. but have you really become good digimon now. yeah, right. you don't deny it. at the very least, we feel like being good right now. then take us to the ancient dino region. over here. it's on the other side of the island. we can't go any farther. do we have to leap over to get there. it's really scary. hey, are you happy we helped you. yyeah then as thanks for helping, let's go out on a date. let's go~ you must be kidding me. let's run. grab on. she left this happens all the time i hate it let's meet again somewhere else. no way. that's devimon's black gear. you're right. if i can stop this, i'm sure the island will stop moving. even if that's the case, we aren't enough to stop this large thing. let's leave it and go look for the others. these are the same characters we saw earlier. i inputted all of the data i found then on my computer, but if i could just find a power source you won't find something convenient like that here. let's hurry and look for everyone. but the lights are on this looks like an electrical outlet. could it be on. all right. running. are you serious. that must be where koushirokun is. maybe the others are there too. let's go. there they are. mimihan. tentomon. koushirokun. ah, mimisan. i'm so glad to see you. where are the others. i don't know. then let's go look for them. no, this is imperative. if i analyze these characters, i might be able to find out what's going on with this island. who cares about that. i've been telling him that we should go look for everyone koushirokun. look, you see that letter that looks like a "g." it's a key to something. so. i must decipher this right now. how long are you going to keep this up. will something good happen if you find out what that is. koushirohan, mimihan is talking to you. hey, do we get to go home if you find out what that is. well oh, i see. this goes over here. kkoushirohan. are you listening. when are you going to be done.. this is these ruins are a maze. koushiro, you idiot.. pplease don't cry. koushirohan. yyour crying is only being a bother. koushirohan, do something.. do what. i'm hungry. i'm thirsty. i want to see everyone again. i don't want to stay in here any longer. me neither. why are you ignoring us, koushiro. i'm not ignoring you. then why aren't you listening to us. what's important right now is to analyze this data. you might not understand now but in the end, it'll prove to be useful to mimisan and no more i hate you, koushirokun. you're not doing this for mimi. ah, mimihan. you just like working with machines more, don't you.. no, that's not true. it's true, it has to be. huh. where are mimisan and tentomon. eh. they're gone mimihan. mmimihan. are you okay, mimihan. i hate this. i'm going home. this is a problem if you wander around in here, you might get lost i wanna go home mimihan. if you run off like that no. i don't want to hear any more arguing.. mimihan, don't go off on your own. they're not out here. where did they go. it'll be bad if they're inside these ruins what do you mean. i understood this recently from the data i analyzed there's a maze inside these ruins. once they go in, they can't come out. hey what is it. didn't we pass by here earlier. i think i saw this scratch on the wall before. is it my imagination. if that's true, doesn't that mean we're lost. are you serious.. i'm going to go look for them. wait. you'll just get lost too if you do that. then what can we do for mimi. it looks like there are many traps set up inside this maze. unless i finish this data analysis, we'll both get lost with them. ow are you okay, mimihan. geez. that, and all of this, is koushirokun's fault. really. the way he ignores people makes me so mad. well, it's true that koushirohan lacks charm but he's not a bad boy. but it's true that in his eyes, i'm out of consideration. when he gets caught up in something, he just doesn't notice anything else. i think he's really a good guy. finished is that dot mimi. probably. mimihan, wait up. forget it. leave me alone. that's mimi's voice. if we can hear her voice here, that must mean they should also hear us. mimisan, can you hear me. mimisan. koushirokun. she can hear me. i'll navigate you, so please go in the directions i tell you. koushirokun mimi, it's okay. it might not have ended up the way you expected palmon. but koushiro is doing everything he can to help you. see. it's just like i said. please turn right from there. then turn left at the next corner. but be careful when you get to the small room there. it has a pitfall. this is what is it. where do we go next, koushirokun. i wonder what happened who's this blinking dot. there's someone else besides mimisan and tentomon inside that maze. but who. mimisan, run. there's something close by. it might be a bad digimon. kentarumon adult beast man digimon type data special attack hunting cannon kentarumon. a proud digimon who is halfman, halfbeast. with high pressure air spurting from his back, he can move at the speed of sound. no way. mimihan, let's run. turn left. koushirohan. where next. turn left again. this way, mimihan. what is this.. it's a dead end. koushirohan, it's a dead end. what should we do.. he's here. mimihan, get down. no way never mind that. it's all over really. are we done for. there's no place to run, and i can't evolve why.. evolve right now. well, even i want to evolve more than anything right now but without koushirohan, i can't what.. don't be stingy. that's not the problem. whwhat's this. an earthquake. mimi. mimisan, over here. koushirokun. mimi, look out. palmon, evolve. togemon. anyone can run and give up nigetari akirameru koto wa daremo mimisan. look out, koushirohan. when given a second, so let's keep on walking instead isshun areba dekiru kara arukitsuzukeyou tentomon, evolve. kabuterimon. there's something only you can do kimi ni shika dekinai koto ga aru aoi hoshi ni hey, consider where you are before you start evolving. so that this blue planet doesn't lose its light hikari ga nakusenu you ni i'm sorry. seize the dreams you painted. tsukame. egaita yume wo protect your beloved friends. mamore. daiji na tomo wo i finally got out um, i don't think we should be feeling relieved just yet then you can become stronger takumashii jibun ni nareru sa again.. unknown power dwells in your heart shiranai pawaa ga yadoru mega blaster. when its fire is lit haato ni hi ga tsuitara chikuchiku bang bang. even your wishes, it's true, donna negai mo uso ja nai will surely be granted, so kitto kanau kara show me your brave heart show me your brave heart kentarumon had a black gear. how could this have happened. are you back to normal. ththat's this is the holy device, the digivice. i'm here to protect its ruins. a holy device digivice. it guides this world towards light while driving away the darkness the legendary holy device. i don't really get it. but it's a good thing we have them, right. kill the children they are interfering with our plans. leomon, what's wrong with you.. leomon. juuouken. kentarumon. these children hold the holy devices after protecting these ruins for so long, it is now my duty to also protect these children. then i will also kill you. juuouken. hunting cannon. what. juuouken. next are the children. kill them. i get it this is it. mimisan. did he run away. anyway, i guess we're saved. is this the power of the holy device. who cares about that. i've gotten hungry. kentarumon. can you stop this gear. no. this level of evil power is too great for me to shake off. i see even after i said i was hungry, he's still doing this as i thought, i'll have to analyze this data with the data from these other characters. i'm sure i'll find a hint in here. geez. it'll take 10 billion 10 thousand years waiting for that to be deciphered. but really. this gear can't even fill my stomach. the island is moving backwards. thank goodness. just like you said, mimisan, there are many things i should try out physically. i'm hungry.. we meet again. geh. let's go on a romantic date. let's go. what weirdos. nyah nyah. voices izumi koushiro tachikawa mimi tentomon palmon tenjin umi maeda ai sakurai takahiro mizowaki shihomi voices chuumon sukamon kentarumon yamaguchi kappei kumai motoko aizawa masaki voices leomon narration hirata hiroaki "we might be able to meet humans here. " trusting that desire, jyou and the others head towards a church, where they meet a large number of villagers. jyou and sora are relieved beyond belief, but it was a crafty plot by bakemon to turn them into sacrifices. next time on digimon adventure: the dancing ghosts. bakemon now the adventure evolves. the dancing ghosts. bakemon )