thanks to piccolomon's sacrifice, the children were able to escape from the dark masters and arrive at file island. but even there, they were not safe from metalseadramon's and anomalocarimon's attacks. it was whamon who saved them from their lifeanddeath predicament. the silence of the ocean bottom. whamon the silence of the ocean bottom. whamon. curse those chosen children. hangyomon. we're sorry to be late, sir. hangyomon perfect data aquatic beast man digimon special attack strike fishing hangyomon. an aquatic beast man digimon who swims deep in the oceans while wearing a wet suit. his special attack is strike fishing. never mind. i control these waters. the chosen children can't escape me no matter where they choose to run. not even with whamon's help. now go. capture the chosen children. ayeaye, sir. ayeaye, sir. thanks for saving us, whamon. really. i thought we were done for. i'm glad that all of you are safe. hey, whamon. what do you think we should do to beat the dark masters. why did they do this to the digimon world. unfortunately, i am not familiar on the details. all i felt was the sudden trembling of the earth, and the situation you see here formed before i could even step in to stop it. that was when metalseadramon took control of the oceans. damn that metalseadramon. oniichan cheer up. yeah you're right. chin up, everyone. yes, let's all keep our spirits up. i don't know if there are any safe places left in this world, but we should at least find a place that metalseadramon cannot reach. what's wrong, yamato. oh i was wondering if we could really beat the dark masters. they're different from the digimon we've fought before. would we be able to win with our usual battling style. there is a possibility with wargreymon. he can use his dramon killer. dramon killer. what's that. it's the weapon that is on wargreymon's arms. wargreymon ultimate vaccine dragon man digimon special attack gaia force according to the digimon analyzer, this weapon is highly effective against dramon type digimon. dramon killer dramon killer if he uses this, we have a chance. great idea, koushiro. the dramon killer, huh. hey, agumon. it's your turn to shine. yyou can do it okay~ we saw hangyomon. guys, we've got a problem. what's the matter, gomamon. the enemy is coming. whaaat.. where. where. i don't see any sign of them around. the fishes say they have spotted metalseadramon's minions about 200 miles behind us. what should we do. takeru they'll be arriving here soon. everyone, get inside. i will shake them off by widening the distance between us. okay. okay. areas 13 through 18 are all clear. areas 23 and 24 are all clear. how long is this delay going to last.. why can't we find that huge lump of a whale.. there's no need to rush. i control the entire ocean. no matter where they run to, i'll have them sooner or later. sir. just relax and enjoy the hunt. sir. chosen children the hunt has only just begun. koushiro. what are you doing. just a minute. c'mon, stop putting on a show and just tell us. well, you'll see in a minute. all right, it's connected. koushirohan. what is this. i've linked my laptop to whamon's sensory information so that it can be transmitted to the screen. transmitted. in other words, what you're seeing here is exactly what whamon is seeing right now. that's impressive. wow. it's like we're in a submarine. of course, this can only be done in the digital world. hikari, are you okay. what's wrong, hikari. i'm okay. it's just my ears mimi. mimi. note: "mimi"  means "ears. " now that you mention it, my ears hurt a little, too. i'm sorry. i must have dived too deeply in my haste. i'll adjust the atmospheric pressure right now. that's much better. so the pressure changed because you swam to the bottom. thank you, whamon. what's that sound. what's wrong. keep it down, everyone. sounds like they've passed us. we're not out of danger yet. we'll have to keep quiet for a little longer. found him. there's whamon. crap. they found us. i've found whamon. he's lurking on the ocean floor in area 51. understood. i'll report this right away to metalseadramonsama. they've found whamon. we've found the chosen children. strike fishing. the hangyomon are attacking. hang on, everyone. he dodged them using his bubbles as a cover. you're late. what should we do, takeru. we'll be killed at this rate. i hate to say it, but as long as we're stuck inside whamon can't we do anything. there are three more pursuers behind us. what.. the enemy has brought reinforcements. sorry to keep you waiting. they're gaining on us. whamon. you've got to surface. then we'll be able to fight back. please. whamon. i have another idea. if it works, we should be able to lose the enemy. if it works. strike fishing. what if it doesn't work.. what's he trying to do. what an idiot. he's trying to escape through this narrow space. all right. now's our chance to trap him. there's no use struggling. this is the end for you. give it up. wwe're done for. no. damn it. water pressure. so this was whamon's plan. whamon is a deepsea digimon, so water pressure is nothing to him. all right, whamon. that was close. what a tricky card you had up your sleeve. but oniichan what do we do now. we can't stay in the bottom of the ocean forever i've got it. hikarisan, can you come over here. if you take your whistle and here i go. whenever you're ready. it worked. thank you, hikarisan. sure. i used the reverberations of the sound to find a tunnel up ahead. we may be able to escape through it. yes, i felt it, too. that tunnel is connected to land that is above ground. all right. i can tell what you're thinking. enjoy playing submarine while you still can. wow, pretty. wow, pretty. there's the tunnel. we're saved. all right. *twitch* are they here again.. we weren't able to shake them off. hold on tight, everyone. it's metalseadramon. it's so bright. the air is so fresh. who'd have ever thought the sun could make you feel so good. what's so funny. metalseadramon. how. this is as far as you go, chosen children. damn it. everyone, hang onto me. tidal wave. taichi. i'll leave it to you. let's move to shore and take up battle positions while agumon is distracting them. okay. then gomamon and i will cover you. thanks. the waves are subsiding. agumon. agumon, warpevolve. wargreymon. anyone can run and give up nigetari akirameru koto wa daremo when given a second, so let's keep on walking instead isshun areba dekiru kara arukitsuzukeyou i'm made of chrome digizoid just like you. you can't hurt me that easily. there's something only you can do kimi ni shika dekinai koto ga aru aoi hoshi ni thanks, whamon. leave the rest to us. but you'll just end up being target practice with your size. hurry up and get out of here. so that this blue planet doesn't lose its light hikari ga nakusenu you ni hurry. i understand. you're not getting away. seize the dreams you painted. tsukame. egaita yume wo harpoon vulcan. protect your beloved friends. mamore. daiji na tomo wo then you can become stronger takumashii jibun ni nareru sa ikkakumon, keep it up. you got it. unknown power dwells in your heart shiranai pawaa ga yadoru when its fire is lit haato ni hi ga tsuitara even your wishes, it's true, donna negai mo uso ja nai will surely be granted, so kitto kanau kara ikkakumon, superevolve. show me your brave heart show me your brave heart zudomon. hammer spark. ultimate stream. brave shield. moron. oh no. wargreymon. not good. he's at an overwhelming disadvantage in water. hammer spark. where is everyone else. thank goodness. wargreymon. damn it. what a fool you are, wargreymon. you're finished. you can't be serious. whamon. brave tornado. ultimate stream. we won. chosen children please save this world whamon. whamon whamon did he die. look at that, everyone. it's happening to metalseadramon, too they're floating in the sky. where is it heading. to the top of spiral mountain. an earthquake. no. there's the reason why the ground is shaking. the ocean. it's disappearing. look. the ocean is disappearing. i guess this means it's my turn. original concept hongou akiyoshi  script yamatoya akatsuki  chief animation director yajima yoshitaka  episode director imamura takahiro  voice talent yagami taichi  takenouchi sora  ishida yamato  izumi koushiro  tachikawa mimi  takaishi takeru  kido jyou  hikari  fujita toshiko  mizutani yuko  kazama yuuto  tenjin umi  maeda ai  konishi hiroko  kikuchi masami  araki kae  voice talent agumon  piyomon  tentomon  palmon  patamon  gomamon  tailmon  sakamoto chika  shigematsu katori  sakurai takahiro  mizowaki shihomi  matsumoto miwa  takeuchi junko  tokumitsu yuka  voice talent piemon  pinocchimon  whamon  narration  ohtsuka chikao  kozakura etsuko  kimura masafumi  hirata hiroaki  translation onkeikun editing splash timing splash typesetting splash raws onkeikun karaoke timing mirrim splash karaoke styling j0hnny kaiserdragon encoding nitephire opening theme butterfly artist wada kouji  songwriter chiwata hidenori  composer chiwata hidenori  arranger watanabe cheru  insert song brave heart artist miyazaki ayumi  songwriter oomori sachiko  composer/arranger oota michihiko  ending theme keep on artist maeda ai  songwriter nk composer kine naoto  arrangers kine naoto & yuasa kouichi  the next dark master is the cruel killer, pinocchimon. the children are separated by a mysterious power. among them, takeru becomes pinocchimon's target. takeru, along with patamon, challenges him to a game that risks his life. will the two of them alone be able to break free from his evil clutches. next time on digimon adventure: a dangerous game. pinocchimon. a dangerous game. pinocchimon now the adventure evolves. )