coming upon a white cottage, the children had their first taste of luxurious relaxation. however it was a trap from the wicked digimon, devimon. file island has already been taken over by the black gears. the other side of the ocean is next. the other side of the ocean. you mean, there's more to this world than this island. and then, all of the children became separated. clash. the freezing digimon clash. the freezing digimon even if they are the chosen children, they're helpless alone. i'll persecute all of you without mercy. we're gonna hit. we're gonna hit.. taichi. it's cold. i'm gonna freeze to death. agumon, hang in there. my clothes are here. they're frozen solid. okay, hold out your shirt. baby flame. nice going, agumon. now do the same for my shorts. okay. hot, hot, hot. i burned them we're getting steadily farther from infinity mountain. i wonder what happened to leomon oh yeah, and everyone else everyone else is gone. we've all been separated hey taichi, where do you think we're headed. how should i know. but i don't know anything outside of file island. what about the other side of the ocean that devimon was talking about. i know nothing about it. the world on the other side yukidarumon. it's yukidarumon. yukidarumon icy snow digimon adult type vaccine special attack zettai reido punch yukidarumon. a freezing digimon made up of icy snow. his finishing move, zettai reido punch, can freeze anything. yukidarumon is supposed to be a peaceful digimon. a black gear. he's being controlled. zettai reido punch.  what the heck.. it's frozen solid. we need to get that black gear out of him somehow. let me handle it. baby flame. yukidarumon. no good. it's not working. zettai reido punch. if he hits us with that, we're finished. can't you evolve, agumon.. i'm so hungry i can't get any strength. yuki, yuki, yuki ah, a dead end. no way. yukidarumon. do something. okay taichi, throw me. yeah, aim for yukidarumon and throw me. then i can jump onto his back and use my baby flame to remove the black gear at pointblank range. ookay ah no, i can't. i can't throw you over his back like this. keep trying. he's almost upon us. zettai reido punch. all right, now while we still have the chance agumon, fold yourself into a ball. like this. i'll show you the miracle kick of an ace striker. yukidarumon. shoot. baby flame. hot, hot, hot. it's hot. we did it. huh. why was i acting so violent. devimon was controlling you with his black gear. and you got rid of it for me. thank you. you're not hurt, are you. we're fine. we don't even have a scratch on us. wwhat. i remember seeing a kid like you and a gabumon landing on an island over there. eh, a gabumon. it's gotta be yamato. yamato's on that island. but how do we get there. i can't swim as my thanks for saving me, i'll help you cross over there. zettai reido punch. ththat's so cool. you made a road out of ice. if i keep making a road along that island, we'll get to it in no time. bbut is this okay. the ice won't crack or anything above the ocean, will it. look. it's perfectly fine. ookay, okay. we get it, so you can stop now. takeru. hey, takeru. where are you. yamato. takeru. answer me. takeru. yamato. yamato, there's a cave over there. let's go take a break. takeru. hey, yamato. there's no point in hurrying. besides, you look like you've caught a cold. let's wait here until the snowstorm passes. no, i'm fine. you take a rest first. don't go. let go of me. takeru is. i'll go instead. i'll go look for takeru in your place. so just wait here quietly. gabumon look, i'll be fine. since i'm wearing fur. i'll be going now, so wait right here, okay. gabumon. takeru... zettai reido punch. how much farther do we have to go.. i'm getting sleepy that island is also moving, so if we don't hurry we'll lose sight of it. man, if you could fly, we would have gotten there a long time ago. well, i'm sorry i can't. what, are you mad. it's just a joke. don't lose to an inferiority complex. i have no inferiority complex. let's not fight. here, it's more pleasant this way, right. iit certainly is, but your body is seriously icy. i couldn't find takeru after all. yamato is going to be so disappointed. yamato. yamato.. he's so cold. his entire body is like ice. he'll freeze to death if i don't do something. well, no one's watching we're here. thank you. i wonder where yamato and gabumon fell. really oh yeah, the middle of the island. i think they fell inside that forest they should be around here taichi, look at that. there's no doubt about it now. they must be near here. hey, yamato.. gabumon.. yamato.. gabumon you kept me warm all night. are you okay now. ehh, that's strange gabumon. you ended up getting my cold i'm sorry. but i'm feeling completely better now. thank you. now i'm embarrassed hey, yamato. ah, that's taichi's voice. hey. yamato. i thought i'd never see you again. how'd you find us here. yukidarumon saw you two fall in this area. good to see that you're back together. did you see anybody else. um, well you two were the only ones who fell on this island. the others must have landed on different islands. different islands hey, don't get depressed. what's wrong. i think i've got a cold a cold, huh. wait just a second. where are you going, yukidarumon. so even digimon can catch colds. stop making fun of him. gabumon was. what, i was just kidding. why are you getting all worked up. hey, why don't you rest inside the cave. yeah, i'll do that. now then, what should we do. isn't it obvious. we're going to look for the others. so i'm asking, how are we going to look for them. i'm sure everyone's separated and they're all on different islands now. how can we look when we can't even fly. i'll swim if i have to. you idiot. this place is like the north pole. we'll die from heart failure if we even lose a minute. then i'll build a raft from the trees, okay.. hey, yamato, calm down. everyone is fine. i'm sure everyone is getting along fine, even though we're separated. more importantly, doesn't it concern you where this island is headed. "more importantly." i've been thinking that it could be headed towards the other side of the world, like devimon said. what do you mean, "more importantly.." what. sstop it. is there anything more important than looking for the others.. what's this talk about the "other side of the world." you can go there by yourself. i'm going to go save takeru and the others. hold it right there, yamato. if we go to the other side of the world, we might find a way to see the others again. i understand how you're feeling, but like hell you can understand how i'm feeling. yamato. taichi. that insensitivity of yours is what pisses me off. what did you say.. you little. you. stop it. this is no time to be fighting. look out. you're heading towards a cliff.. the cliff.. you. takeru. takeru he can't do anything on his own. yamato you yamato. yamato. taichi. i won't let go, even if we end up dying. yamato. taichi. hold on. ah, no, i'm so hungry i can't get any strength. if i could evolve into garurumon, i'd be able to pull them up it's mojyamon. with a black gear. it's too late, he's already being controlled by devimon. mojyamon rare animal digimon adult type vaccine special attack icicle rod hone hone boomerang mojyamon. he is an illusionary rare animal digimon who is said to live deep within the snowy mountains. normally, he has a quiet personality and does not initiate battle. icicle rod. what are you doing. you scared me, falling out of nowhere like that. you saved us. thanks. that was good timing, yukidarumon. here, look. i brought food for you guys. and some herbs for the cold. you're so thoughtful. thank you. i was so hungry. here, the herbs. it's bitter. let me take care of him. yukidarumon. zettai reido punch. ow hone hone boomerang.  agumon, evolve. greymon. gabumon, evolve. garurumon. anyone can run and give up nigetari akirameru koto wa daremo nice job, garurumon. when given a second, so let's keep on walking instead isshun areba dekiru kara arukitsuzukeyou get him, greymon. mega flame. there's something only you can do kimi ni shika dekinai koto ga aru aoi hoshi ni so that this blue planet doesn't lose its light hikari ga nakusenu you ni aim for the black gear. mega flame. seize the dreams you painted. tsukame. egaita yume wo protect your beloved friends. mamore. daiji na tomo wo you did it. then you can become stronger takumashii jibun ni nareru sa these black gears were separating yamato and takeru. unknown power dwells in your heart shiranai pawaa ga yadoru fox fire. when its fire is lit haato ni hi ga tsuitara even your wishes, it's true, donna negai mo uso ja nai will surely be granted, so kitto kanau kara show me your brave heart show me your brave heart huh. what happened to me. i think i was making a ruckus it wasn't your fault. it's all because of the black gear. they're right. it was the same for me. we need to hurry and find takeru and the others what's that. they're turning backwards. the island is moving again. could it be this island is going back. what. infinity mountain is getting closer. we're going back. and that's where devimon is. guess we shouldn't waste time fighting. yeah. i'm sure takeru is doing his best. yeah. he is my little brother after all. voices yagami taichi ishida yamato fujita toshiko kazama yuuto voices agumon gabumon yukidarumon mojyamon sakamoto chika yamaguchi mayumi itou kentarou ietomi youji voices devimon narration shiozawa kaneto hirata hiroaki the children are broken up to various places. full of worry, mimi finds herself alone and lost in some ruins. in order to find the exit, koushiro tries to unlock its secrets. but just as the two look back, the guard's red light attacks them. next on digimon adventure: kentarumon the defender. now the adventure evolves. kentarumon the defender. )