taichi and the others found out from gennai that there is another chosen child. however, that child is not in the digimon world, but in japan. after opening the gate connected to the human world, vamdemon brought along troops to commence his attack. to stop his plans, taichi and the others marched into his castle, but to their chagrin, the gate closed on them at the last minute. run, guys. petit thunder. pursuit. hurry to japan pursuit. hurry to japan. i see. that's too bad. just saying it's "too bad" won't cut it. the eighth child will die if we stay here. that's not all. if those digimon ran loose, they'll create massive chaos throughout all of japan. can't we get the gate open again. it's possible. how. i can't simply explain it. you'll also be needing the tools that will help you. well, quit wasting time. very well. come over to my house so we can get started. your house. he disappears again when we need answers. take a look around you. there. if you head towards that light, you will reach my residence. okay. i'll be waiting. all right, let's go. wait a second. what's going on here.. is his house underwater. i see. so this is why i couldn't find him during those two months i searched the mountains. anyway, how do we get there. i'll go take a look. huh, what's this. iit's not me. no way. no way. do we use this to go down. looks that way. all right. let's go down and take a look. wait up, guys. it's slippery. be careful. look at that. is that it. i think so. excuse us. excuse us. we're coming in. this place is kind of cool. gennaisan. i see you've made it here safely, children. is that really him. yes. hey, gramps. there's something i wanna ask you. what is it. why didn't you come meet us directly after all this time. i like staying at home. just who are you, anyway. a human. or are you a digimon. neither. what does being a chosen child mean. it means that you are children who were chosen to save both this world and your own. but who chose us. was it you, gennaisan. enough questions. what you need to focus on right now is how to save the eighth child. now, come inside. so pretty~ so pretty~ porgies and flounder. but this lake is freshwater. those are robots i personally made. it can get pretty lonely living by yourself, you know. take a look at this. japan. tokyo, right. that's the nerima district. this is currently where vamdemon is located. what's wrong. no nothing serious you. no, same here. i was just thinking that he's in hikarigaoka. hikarigaoka. hikarigaoka. this is weird there's nothing wrong with the circuits c'mon. tell us how to open the gate. let's not be hasty. you'll be using these. there's one of me. and one of agumon. what are these. cards. well, we know that. do you remember seeing nine holes in the slate in front of the gate. yes, there was. you need to place these cards into those holes. but you gave us one card too many. there's one card i'm not sure of that is mixed in. which hole do we use for each. well i don't know. oh well. we'll just put the cards in random order and go with that. you can't do that. if you do, you'll get thrown into a completely different and crazylooking world. do that many worlds really exist. yes. there's also the danger that you may not be perfectly restored on the other side. what do you mean. in other words that is completely wrong. no no no no no that's why, unlike vamdemon who did this by speaking an incantation, no no no no no no no you will need to solve this with your own abilities. no no no no no no no no no. but there are so many things that are unknown to us. no no no no. anyway, here are the cards. relax and enjoy yourselves tonight. the enemy won't attack you here. this world is similar to ours, but there's still a lot that is strange about it. why is that. do you know what this world is made up of. it's something that is equivalent to the atoms and molecules of your world. data, right. yes. everything in this world is made up of the data that runs through the computer networks in your world. that's why if you encounter anything strange here, that's because there is something faulty or missing within the data. i see. by the way, gennaisan, are you also data. but you have a real body somewhere, don't you. just like we do. are you different from the digimon. yes. that's because i don't have an attribute. an attribute. although this world is created by data, digimon are further classified by the attributes data, virus, and vaccine. i see by the way, is the digimon analyzer useful to you. yes. but there is something that's been bothering me. what is it. this only contains the data of digimon that i've met. i can't view the information of digimon that the others have seen. i see. could you do something about it. yes. let me borrow that for a while. okay. i'll have it fixed by morning. you should get some sleep. okay. are you ready. i've added an adapter to koushiro's laptop. if you insert a digivice in here, the information of digimon that its owner has met will be added to the analyzer. i've also installed several new programs. take a look at the manual when you have the time. thank you. it may be tough for you, chosen children, but have faith in your abilities. the abilities of the chosen children, huh. hey. have some faith. i'm sorry i can't be of any further use. now go, children. i wish you luck. okay. okay. what should we do. this is bad want me to take care of it. here i go. tentomon, evolve. kabuterimon. kabuterimon, superevolve. atlurkabuterimon. horn buster. now, while he's distracting them. horn buster. how was i. i think you fixed the distortions of the airspace in here. c'mon, let's move. what's this. good guys bad guys dirty guys you think so. what about small, normal size, and big. let me try. how's this. weak, soso, and strong. but we still don't know which card is the wrong one. it must be where they live. like land or sea. maybe it's the number of syllables in their names. what's the matter. agumon, makes four since vamdemon broke the seal with magic, the pictures on the slate must also have something to do with magic. andromon it still doesn't fit. i've seen these marks from occult pages on the internet. the lion and archer are from the twelve zodiac constellations. but the monkey isn't a part of it also, these stars do you know what they mean. no but there must be some significance behind them. whwhat's that sound. it feels like something awful. i'll go take a look. what about this. it's useless. no. don't say that. even if we come up with something that might work, there's no guarantee that it's the right one. that's true, but we have trouble. the castle is crumbling. what.. it might be my fault. i broke the ceiling earlier. anyway, all of the passages are blocked. so now we can't turn back. that's not all. this place will start breaking down soon, too. taichi. what. i'll let you handle this. whwhat's this all of a sudden. i'm not saying i don't want the responsibility. it's because i believe in you. me, too. in times like this, we should follow the leader's decision. hey, hey. since when did i become leader.. when you disappeared, all of us fell apart. you were the one who brought us back together again. that was just by coincidence who cares about that. mimichan. do something to take me back home. i've been whining like that all this time, but that's not how it works. i won't speak selfishly anymore. that's right. if we don't change ourselves, nothing else will. that's why i'll place trust in my friends. you guys you agree, right, takeru. yeah. even if we end up in a different world, we'll still be together. that's why i'm not scared. right. what about you, koushirokun. ii do, too. i've always believed in taichisan before this, in any case. do it, taichi. do it, taichi. i want to make sure of this one more time. will you guys really follow my decision. yeah. yeah. okay. then i've decided. koushiro. i want you to choose. mme. but if that's what taichisan's decided, then i think it's a good idea. we're counting on you, koushiro. koushirosan. but if i'm wrong no one will blame you. we trust you. what they said. well then. koushirohan, maybe you'll figure something out with your laptop. with my laptop. if i had access to the internet here, i would be able to ask people who know more about the occult ogremon kentarumon whamon whamon then the monkey is etemon leomon kentarumon but what does it mean. digimon are further classified by the attributes data, virus, and vaccine. attributes. adult vaccine adult data perfect virus who here has met digitamamon and tonosamageckomon. uh, me. give me your digivice. tonosamageckomon maybe did you figure it out. let me explain. take a look at this. the lion, the archer, and the monkey respectively represent leomon, kentarumon, and etemon. each of these have a different attribute. in other words, vaccine, data, and virus. what i'd like to point out next are the number of stars. from top to bottom, they mean child, adult, and perfect level. if you put the cards in the appropriate places it's a perfect fit. that's amazing, koushirokun. but there are two here. either of them could be the wrong one but i can't tell. i'm sorry. i couldn't answer your expectations. what are you talking about. you did great. you guys you should decide on the rest, taichi. okay. you were a big help, koushiro. thanks. i'll have his data in a minute. dokugumon adult virus insect digimon special attack stinger pollation dokugumon. a cursed digimon whose entire body is made from a computer virus. his special attack, stinger pollation, is released from his sharp fangs. anyone who damages vamdemonsama's castle will pay with their lives. gomamon, evolve. ikkakumon. palmon, evolve. togemon. gabumon, evolve. garurumon. anyone can run and give up nigetari akirameru koto wa daremo fox fire. hurry up, while we still can. when given a second, so let's keep on walking instead isshun areba dekiru kara arukitsuzukeyou chikuchiku bang bang. harpoon vulcan. there's something only you can do kimi ni shika dekinai koto ga aru aoi hoshi ni sora's in danger. so that this blue planet doesn't lose its light hikari ga nakusenu you ni pyocomon, evolve. piyomon. piyomon. magical fire. seize the dreams you painted. tsukame. egaita yume wo agumon or gomamon. taichisan, hurry. protect your beloved friends. mamore. daiji na tomo wo it doesn't matter which one. i won't let you get away. then you can become stronger takumashii jibun ni nareru sa unknown power dwells in your heart shiranai pawaa ga yadoru when its fire is lit haato ni hi ga tsuitara stinger pollation. even your wishes, it's true, donna negai mo uso ja nai i'm turning numb. will surely be granted, so kitto kanau kara the children are next. garurumon. you can do it. show me your brave heart show me your brave heart garurumon, superevolve. weregarurumon. not every day is sunny, so even though hare no hi bakari ja nai kara tamani a cold rain will fall sometimes, just open up your umbrella tsumetai ame mo furu keredo kasa hirogeyou are you still choosing. pick one. all right, i've got it. there's no map on how to live, but that's why we're free ikikata ni chizu nanka nai kedo dakara jiyuu this one. open the gate, gomamon. please. even you can go anywhere you please doko e datte yukeru, kimi mo it's opening. all right. seize the brighter tomorrow. tsukame. mabushii asu wo protect the ones you love. mamore. ai suru hito wo we've got to go, too. i'll drag you down with me to hell. then you can become stronger takumashii jibun ni nareru sa kaiser nail. break down your weak self. kowase. yowaki na kimi wo thank you, tsunomon. destroy the walls that block you. kuzuse. butsukaru kabe wo now let's go. the passionate beat of your heart will be your weapon, so atsui kodou buki ni naru kara believe in your heart believe in your heart ththis is japan. this shrine we're on the campgrounds. we made it back. this is where we left for the digimon world where are our digimon. it couldn't have been a dream, right. maybe it was the wrong card sora. oh seven, try to be free or not. looks like you're all awake. where were you guys. oh seven, try to be free looking for food. this is japan, so you don't need to eat that stuff anymore. you'll be able to eat nicer things. welcome back. welcome back. we're home. we're home. taichi. why didn't you choose my card. your card. oh, uh, i wanted to keep it as a souvenir. really. aanyway. oh seven, try to be free we should start looking for the eighth child. yeah. vamdemon must have already made his move. hikarigaoka. oh seven, try to be free i'm sure that's where the eighth child is. let's find the child before they do and save him. yeah. yeah. original concept hongou akiyoshi  script masaki hiro  chief animation director nobuzane setsuko  episode director imamura takahiro  voice talent yagami taichi  takenouchi sora  ishida yamato  izumi koushiro  tachikawa mimi  takaishi takeru  kido jyou  fujita toshiko  mizutani yuko  kazama yuuto  tenjin umi  maeda ai  konishi hiroko  kikuchi masami  voice talent agumon  piyomon  gabumon  tentomon  palmon  patamon  gomamon  sakamoto chika  shigematsu katori  yamaguchi mayumi  sakurai takahiro  mizowaki shihomi  matsumoto miwa  takeuchi junko  voice talent gennai  dokugumon  narration  yanami jouji  tano megumi  hirata hiroaki  translation onkeikun editing splash timing splash typesetting splash raws onkeikun karaoke timing mirrim splash karaoke styling j0hnny kaiserdragon encoding nitephire opening theme butterfly artist wada kouji  songwriter chiwata hidenori  composer chiwata hidenori  arranger watanabe cheru  insert song brave heart artist miyazaki ayumi  songwriter oomori sachiko  composer/arranger oota michihiko  insert song seven artist wada kouji  songwriter/composer koyama kouhei  arranger watanabe cheru  ending theme keep on artist maeda ai  songwriter nk composer kine naoto  arrangers kine naoto & yuasa kouichi  the seven children have finally returned to the real world. but there is no time to rejoice. they must chase after vamdemon. arriving in hikarigaoka and searching for the eighth child, they find mammon on the rampage. stop him, garudamon. next time on digimon adventure: clash with mammon in hikarigaoka. now the adventure evolves. clash with mammon in hikarigaoka. )