the icy snow prevented the children from moving any farther. hostility arising between them, they almost lost sight of something important. jyou took initiative and went out, looking for answers. answers to where they are, and where they should go from here. gomamon, evolve. ikkakumon. harpoon vulcan. but what they saw at the top was the messenger of darkness, devimon. the messenger of darkness, devimon. i don't believe this this place really was an island. what do we do now. what do we do.. another one i must do something about this as quickly as possible. die, leomon. leomon beast man digimon adult type vaccine special attack juuouken leomon. a proud beast mantype digimon with a deep sense of justice. his special attack is juuouken. ogremon ogre digimon adult type virus special attack haouken ogremon. an evil digimon whose anger gives him destructive power. this isn't the place for a goodytwoshoes like you to hang around in. get out. the black gears that are raining down on us from this mountain are turning all of the good digimon into a frenzy. i cannot ignore this. then die. haouken.  juuouken.  cease your fighting. from now on, you two must cooperate with each other. this voice is devimon. devimon fallen angel digimon adult type virus special attack death claw devimon. a sly and cruel devil of the digimon world. with his death claw, he grabs hold of his enemy's hearts. gimme a break. why do i have to work with this guy.. the chosen children have arrived. the children. you can't mean. it's taking quite some time to defeat them. then you're the one who must be defeated, devimon. juuouken. whwhat. how naive. you thought you could defeat me that easily. death claw. accept your baptism of evil. taichi. wha'cha doing. i'm making a map. it might be useful for us later. yes, that is a good idea. it doesn't look useful at all. taichi was never good at drawing. i don't care. since i drew it, i can understand it. it's useless to make a map. everything's hopeless. why did things have to turn out like this. mimi what was that. we can't go through. ah, it's leomon. leomon. leomon's a good digimon. he's a very strong digimon who fights for justice. kill the children. baby flame. sorry, taichi, i burned your map. don't worry about it now. welcome. i was waiting for ya. prepare yourselves. it's ogremon. is he supposed to be a good digimon too. he's a genuinely bad guy. chosen children kill them. damn it, we're trapped between them. they were planning this from the start. that can't be. leomon and ogremon are mortal enemies. hone konbou.  shishi ohmaru.  agumon, evolve. greymon. gabumon, evolve. palmon, evolve. togemon. anyone can run and give up nigetari akirameru koto wa daremo piyomon, evolve. when given a second, so let's keep on walking instead isshun areba dekiru kara arukitsuzukeyou birdramon. tentomon, evolve. there's something only you can do kimi ni shika dekinai koto ga aru aoi hoshi ni kabuterimon. gomamon, evolve. so that this blue planet doesn't lose its light hikari ga nakusenu you ni ikkakumon. seize the dreams you painted. tsukame. egaita yume wo protect your beloved friends. mamore. daiji na tomo wo they evolved. then you can become stronger takumashii jibun ni nareru sa takeru, over here. get 'em, greymon. unknown power dwells in your heart shiranai pawaa ga yadoru harpoon vulcan. when its fire is lit haato ni hi ga tsuitara chikuchiku bang bang. even your wishes, it's true, donna negai mo uso ja nai we can do it. take 'em down with one hit. will surely be granted, so kitto kanau kara even though they are tired, show me your brave heart show me your brave heart fighting against 6 at once is still quite severe. finish 'em off. mega fla. it's a rockslide. fox fire. meteor wing. mega blaster. mega flame. is everyone okay. yeah, somehow. i'm sick of this. i'm okay, just a little tired yeah, you had to evolve twice today where did they go. that's right. where's ogremon. he's not here. neither is leomon. maybe they got hit by that rockslide. there's no way they could've survived if they fell from here. neither leomon nor ogremon can fly, right. yeah. tthen, we're saved. we're so lucky. what's wrong, taichi. i was wondering why the rocks suddenly fell down when the path was destroyed earlier, it could've created a crack in the rocks. they're more powerful than i expected. but now that they're tired, i have plenty of chances to kill them. no matter how you think about it, it's very strange. how could they evolve twice in one day. who cares. because of that, we were saved. hey couldn't we just think that the digimon have powered up. oh yeah. that's possible. even if that's true, it was still pretty hard on them are you okay, palmon. no, i'm not. i can't walk anymore this isn't going to work. let's look for a place where we can rest for a while. yeah. we're also pretty look there. all right. it's a normal building. there must be humans living in it this time. wait. it's dangerous to just run in there. what's wrong, taichi. this building i don't remember seeing it from up above. didn't you draw it on the map. well did you lose it. you burned it up. oh yeah excuse us. is anyone here. how's it looking. there doesn't seem to be anything strange about this place but i must say, there's still something eerie about this. you're right. you guys aren't thinking about leaving, are you. we finally found such a nice place. well, he's right about that ah, that's a pretty picture. it really is beautiful. it's a painting of an angel. takeru, what's an angel. mm, well there's no way a bad digimon could be hanging around here when there's such a pretty angel painting on the wall. well i have to admit, it's getting harder for us to set camp these days guess there's no choice. hey, let's go, everyone. okay i guess, now that we're in here, we should make the most of it. let's look farther inside. c'mon, agumon. this is i smell food. and it's a feast. follow me. that's food right. that's what it looks like we're so lucky today. this is absurd. things are going too smoothly to be true. this is really good. anything wrong with it, agumon. no, it's delicious. being able to eat this scrumptious food is like a sin. ii'm gonna eat. it's okay to think that we're lucky once in awhile. let's eat.. hey me too. me too. i'll eat too. hey, takeru. i'll eat it too. i guess we have to make some sacrifices in the name of hunger. i've never tasted food so good in my entire life.. yahoo. hey, don't jump in. oh, don't say that. we haven't had a proper bath for a long time. right. yeah. really. who'd have thought this place had a bathtub. i can feel the tension draining from me. would you like some electricity to help things along. no, please don't i'm coming in i can't forgive that. guys who guard themselves in an allmen's bath. i agree. wwwhat are you doing.. what are they doing. humans are hard to understand. let go of me. stop.. they're being stupid again. this feels nice. ah, this is paradise~ what are you doing here.. you belong on the other side. it's soft. they're real beds. they even have sheets and everything. this feels like camping school. what do you mean, "feels like." we were supposed to be in summer camp to begin with, so it's i'm sorry. no, you're right. we all left thinking we were just going to camp. today's the fifth day since we've come to file island. the school and the pta must be in an uproar. papa mama let's get some sleep. the digimon are tired too. yeah. g'night. good night. what children they fell for such an obvious ploy. i'll smash them at any time. kill the children. can't you go to the bathroom by yourself. but you're scared to go to the bathroom at night too. that's not true. i'm old enough. how long are you gonna take. i'm sleepy, so hurry up. this is weird i ate so much, so i thought it'd be a big one if you're not gonna go, i'm leaving. wait, taichi. i'll finish up. all i can do is fart it stinks. stinks, stinks, stinks. oh my god. all i can do is pass gas. that stinks, damn it. it's ogremon. the children kill. leomon. you should have just slept quietly. wwho are you.. that's devimon. devimon. he's the strongest evil digimon. time to end this dream. wwhat's going on. takeru. what's happening. taichi i have no energy even though i ate so much of course not. the food and the baths were all illusions. what. why are you doing this to us.. because you are the chosen children. the chosen children. yes. you are nuisances to me. me, who plans to take over this world with my black gears. file island has already been taken over by the black gears. the other side of the ocean is next. the other side of the ocean. you mean, there's more to this world than this island. you won't be seeing it. because this spot will be your graves. the children kill. baby. juuouken. taichi. it's useless to struggle. you have no more power left to evolve. finish him, leomon. taichi.. the evil has vanished. wwhat's going on here. so you are the chosen children this is bad. juuouken. devimon. how dare you use such foul play against me. it's unforgivable. looks like we're destined to battle. leave this to me and run. no complaints. you are the only hope for this world. survive. you won't get away. juuouken. leomon. if there is a chance, let us meet again. leomon. leomon... oh well. i'll kill them off slowly, one by one. kill the children voices yagami taichi takenouchi sora ishida yamato izumi koushiro tachikawa mimi takaishi takeru kido jyou fujita toshiko mizutani yuko kazama yuuto tenjin umi maeda ai konishi hiroko kikuchi masami voices agumon piyomon gabumon tentomon palmon patamon gomamon sakamoto chika shigematsu katori yamaguchi mayumi sakurai takahiro mizowaki shihomi matsumoto miwa takeuchi junko voices devimon ogremon leomon narration shiozawa kaneto egawa hisao hirata hiroaki due to devimon's scheme, the children are separated on different parts of file island. taichi searches for his friends while yamato worries over his little brother's safety. but as the two wander in the snow, assassins of ice attack them without mercy. next on digimon adventure: clash. the freezing digimon now the adventure evolves. clash. the freezing digimon )