the digimon mustered their strengths and defeated the formidable devimon. but in that battle, angemon used up his energy and disappeared, turning into an egg once more. across the sea, there are even stronger enemies. as the children felt disturbed over devimon's words, a mysterious hologram appeared before them. set sail to a new continent. set sail to a new continent. so you are the chosen children. quite impressive, seeing that you've defeated devimon. who are you. one of devimon's allies. no need to worry. i'm on your side. it's amazing to finally see another human besides us in this world. but although i'm human, at the same time, i am not. my name is gennai. because devimon was interfering with me all this time, i couldn't contact you earlier. i'm glad to finally meet you. contacting us but from where. i'm on server continent, which is located pretty far from this file island. since when have you been there, gennaisan. i've always been in this world. were you the one who called us here. no, i'm not. then who. well i don't know. then do you know what we have to do to go back to our world. i don't know that either. what the heck, gramps. we can't depend on you at all. but i'm depending on you. come to server continent and defeat the enemy here. as the chosen children, you should be able to do it. we don't know how to get there, though. true. i'll send you a map through your laptop. but there's not a chance we can beat an enemy that's stronger than devimon. you can, if your digimon can evolve to an even higher level. we can evolve further. you'll need these in order to do so. by inserting a crest into this tag, you digimon can achieve higher evolution. where can we find those tags and crests. well, the crests are scattered everywhere throughout server continent. as for the tags, devimon gathered them up and sealed them somewh ah, oh no devi interference what was that. he disappeared. what was that all about. it looks like he was at least able to send the map. what should we do now. let's get off this mountain first. we can decide on something after eating some grub. i'm stuffed. i feel much more relaxed now. eating a full meal can sure make you sleepy. takeru. it's nothing. i was just hoping my digiegg would hatch soon and grow. your digimon will join everyone here soon enough. yeah, you're right. well then now that we're all nice and fed, let's figure out what we should do next. gennaisan told us to come to server continent, but if this map is correct, it's a pretty far distance from here. i can't even swim beyond 25 meters. it's impossible for me. do we really have to go. devimon is gone from this island. the black gears are gone too. our one week stay here has made us more or less familiar with the landmarks. there's plenty of water and food too. what are you trying to say. can we really trust what this gennai said. is there really a server continent. hey, what's all this. we can't go back to our world if we just sit here. it took all we could to defeat devimon. but there will be even stronger enemies waiting for us. besides, how can we cross the ocean to get to the continent. there might be weird digimon over there too. maybe we should keep a look on things here for a little longer. oh, come on, guys. let's go. takeru. i don't know what enemies are waiting for us, but let's try it. i'm sure that's what angemon would have said. that's why i we'll go too. we can evolve further if you have the tags and crests, right. i'm sure we'll be able to protect you if we have them. agumon. sora, let's go. i'm sure things will work out. there won't be any other flower over there more beautiful than i am. i can swim across the ocean carrying you if i have to. yamato. let's go. let's go. yeah. let's go. all right. i'll go too. if everyone else is going, than i am too. a new continent, huh. all right then. it's decided. let's head to server continent. yeah. oh seven, try to be free oh seven, try to be free oh seven, try to be free oh seven, try to be free baby flame. timber. petit fire. in a somewhat strange landscape sukoshi kawatta keshiki no naka de it looks like it'll take a long time just to cut down the trees. there's no point in rushing. i learned of a strength that wasn't special tokubetsu ja nai tsuyosa wo shitta let's not be hasty. leomon. a dream i had sometime, a voice i felt somewhere itsuka mita yume dokoka de kanjita koe i've heard you're leaving for server continent. how did you know that. some of us monsters love to gossip. they aren't lies, and i accept them all uso ja nai subete wo uketome i was wondering if you needed any help with anything. will i continue to go on like this. kono mama kono mama tsuzuku no darou you'll really help us. there are more than enough helping hands. hey. still wanting to return modoritai kimochi no mama de it's elecmon. no matter how much i laugh or cry, there are things that won't change naitatte warattatte kawaranai koto ga aru there's mojyamon. and kentarumon. we're here to help you guys. but i grab hands with the one i believed in and walk on dakedo shinjita te to te wo tsunaide aruiteku monzaemon. it's yukidarumon. cold. we'll be able to do anything, with time nandatte dekiru you ni nareru yo toki no naka de pyocomon. so i grab hands with the one i believed in and walk on dakara shinjita te to te wo tsunaide aruiteku juuouken. wow. oh seven, try to be free oh seven, try to be free oh seven, try to be free oh seven, try to be free it's done. it looks like it has good balance too. can we really cross the ocean with this. since we've already decided to go, we'll just have to use it. i'm sure that with your abilities, you'll be able to cross this ocean safely. thanks, leomon. we couldn't have done this without you. what's wrong. poyo~ the digiegg hatched. poyo. poyomon. it's so cute. that's great. yay, yay. all right. poyo. poyomon baby slime digimon special attack bubbles poyomon. a slimy digimon shaped like a jellyfish. it is said to be the most primitive of lifeforms. its vitality and ability to adjust are greater than what you would expect from its small appearance. this is farewell. take care. thank you. goodbye. bye. thank you. see you. the seven children learned how to survive by using their own strength, by fighting with digimon, and by forming friendships with other digimon. and so, the children left file island behind. i can't see anything. i wonder how long it will take. we just set sail. but even if we cut down our food and water to the bare minimum, it'll only last us half a month. then we can fish or something. all we have to hope for now is good weather. i feel seasick i didn't think it would be this rocky there, there, poyomon. poyo. poyo. hey, poyomon. be careful. whwhat's that.. where did that come from. there's no wind here that could be causing these waves. maybe a ship is passing nearby. there's no ship here. it's an island. no that's definitely not an island. whamon adult aquatic digimon type vaccine special attack jet arrow giant tidal wave whamon. an enormous digimon who lives in the digital world's deep seas. the giant tidal waves he causes, and his jet arrow blasting through his blowhole, are fiercer than you would expect. whwhy is he doing this. whamon is a powerful monster, but he always keeps to the bottom of the ocean. no, don't eat us. this must be whamon's esophagus. and by that, i don't mean the japanese homonym for it that means "restaurant." "shokudou" can mean either "esophagus" or "restaurant" depending on the kanji used. we know that. he ate us after all. where's the exit. it must be at his rear end. i don't want to leave from there. like poop. don't say it. why are they attacking us. they probably think that we're bacteria or something. we landed somewhere spacious. where's this. the esophagus should have led us to his stomach the stomach is where food gets digested, right. gastric juice. gastric juice. it's a strong acidic fluid that dissolves everything that enters the stomach. it's breaking down don't fall in. we've got to get out of here quickly before things get worse. a black gear. so that's why whamon was acting wild. let's do something for him. climb up there using my vines. poison ivy. okay, i'll go. i got it. where are we going now.. sora, are you okay. yeah. we were able to get out of there somehow. yeah. poyomon, are you okay. poyo. don't come near us. i'm sorry for my outrageous behavior. it's not your fault, whamon. it was all because of the black gear. that must have been the last one. are you sure about that. my head finally feels clear now, thanks to you. whamon do you know how far server continent is from here. it takes me five days to get there. that must mean it's pretty far this is a problem our raft is broken are you trying to get to server continent. yeah, that's right. allow me to take you there as my thanks for getting rid of the black gear. really. lucky. mimi. the wind feels great. this is a much more pleasant experience than the raft. i won't get seasick from this. now all that's left is to find the crests and tags that devimon sealed away. did you just mention devimon. do you know something. i'm not quite sure what you mean by tags and crests, but i do recall that devimon once hid something in a place underneath the waters. where's that. it's along the way to server continent. please take shelter for a while within my body while i go there, everyone. as i can't go any farther, i will wait for you here. thanks. a convenience store. it's drimogemon. drimogemon adult beast digimon type data special attack drill spin crusher bone drimogemon. living deep underground, he uses his drill to move at high speed. his sharp drill spin and crusher bone attacks devastate his enemies. he has a black gear. i knew there were still more of them. no one is allowed to enter here under devimonsama's orders. leave at once. let us take care of this. go look for the tags. heh. that drill's not scary at all. gomamon, evolve. ikkakumon. anyone can run and give up nigetari akirameru koto wa daremo when given a second, so let's keep on walking instead isshun areba dekiru kara arukitsuzukeyou drill spin. guys. now. there's something only you can do kimi ni shika dekinai koto ga aru aoi hoshi ni ikkakumon, try going easy on the offense. harpoon vulcan. so that this blue planet doesn't lose its light hikari ga nakusenu you ni seize the dreams you painted. tsukame. egaita yume wo let me at him. protect your beloved friends. mamore. daiji na tomo wo tentomon, evolve. then you can become stronger takumashii jibun ni nareru sa kabuterimon. unknown power dwells in your heart shiranai pawaa ga yadoru crusher bone. when its fire is lit haato ni hi ga tsuitara kabuterimon, aim for the black gear. even your wishes, it's true, donna negai mo uso ja nai will surely be granted, so kitto kanau kara mega blaster. show me your brave heart show me your brave heart poyomon. poyomon, where are you. po. poyo. poyomon. you can't go in there. huh. what's this. ii'm very sorry. wait. where are the tags. ththey should be inside the store. good luck finding them. it's the tags. they look exactly like the one gennaisan showed us. they're pretty. he mentioned the crests are spread throughout server continent, right. yeah. if we combine the tag and crest we can evolve further. yeah. we'll definitely find those crests. voices yagami taichi takenouchi sora ishida yamato izumi koushiro tachikawa mimi takaishi takeru kido jyou fujita toshiko mizutani yuko kazama yuuto tenjin umi maeda ai konishi hiroko kikuchi masami voices agumon piyomon gabumon tentomon palmon poyomon gomamon sakamoto chika shigematsu katori yamaguchi mayumi sakurai takahiro mizowaki shihomi matsumoto miwa takeuchi junko voices gennai elecmon whamon drimogemon leomon narration yanami jouji takato yasuhiro kimura masafumi kanemitsu nobuaki hirata hiroaki filled with infinite hope, server continent appears before their eyes. landing, the children allow themselves a moment's rest at the pagumon village. but the echoes of an eerie singing voice destroy everything there. along with it comes the arrival of evil digimon. a new battle now begins. next time on digimon adventure: etemon. grand entrance of evil now the adventure evolves. etemon. grand entrance of evil )