to save the digimon world, taichi and the others need the help of the eighth chosen child. meanwhile, with plans to find and kill the eighth child, vamdemon's minions arrived in tokyo and caused mayhem. among them, picodevimon and koushiro finally pinpointed the eighth child's location on the shibaura harbor. vamdemon headed towards shibaura after receiving picodevimon's report. it will not be long before they meet the eighth child. tokyo tower is hot. deathmeramon tokyo tower is hot. deathmeramon. he's late what's keeping him. vamdemonsama. the dawn is about to arrive soon. there's no need to rush. now that i know the chosen children are here, i must store enough energy to fight them in this world. but if you make any bold movements no matter. this world will soon belong to me in the end. what are you doing. i'm looking for my phone book. the one from first grade. yeah, his phone book. phone book. a mysterious animal in shibaura. viewers are advised to please take caution against the possibility of more of these mysterious animals appearing in the future. in other news two young women, both from the nerima and itabashi districts, were found collapsed in the streets last night. coming. they were transported to the hospital due to a sudden case of anemia. taichi. it's koushirokun. okay. yo. good morning. ah, agumon. i ate so much, i evolved. mornin'. tentomon. i almost didn't recognize you. why, thank you, thank you. it looks pretty good on you. taichi you want one, too. were you able to find the student phone book you had while you lived in hikarigaoka. wwell you see sora and i were in the same class, so, you know you didn't find it, huh. all of the chosen children had been notified last night that the eighth child was spotted in shibaura. good morning. good morning. in order to discuss what to do with this turn of events, they had all decided to meet up. palmon, you're heavy. come out. no. you told me to stay in here, mimi. not anymore. things are becoming more chaotic than ever, don't you think. ever since i woke up, this is the only thing i've seen them reporting on tv. but it's weird. what is. when agumon and i came back to this world earlier, the digimon appeared. but back then, only hikari and i could see them. now more people besides us are seeing them and it's enough to catch the media's attention. maybe it's because they've used vamdemon's gate to get here. that must be it. if more digimon used that gate to enter our world there'll be trouble. oh no. it's a very likely situation. that's why we should hurry up and find the eighth child, so we can make sure that won't happen. and to save the digimon world. yeah. let's do it. yeah. hey. i had a hard time finding my old phone book. man, talk about killing the tension. the eighth child should have seen the digimon with us when the incident occured in hikarigaoka four years ago. what's also important is what happened in shibaura last night. does that mean the child is living in shibaura now. he could have moved like we did. that's why i think we should separate into groups and make a thorough search in shibaura. okay. it's a little hot, but that's fine with me. wakaba preschool phone book so, what do we do with these phone books. it's very likely that the eighth child is listed in one of them. we should call and ask if anyone had been in shibaura last night. i have summer school starting tomorrow. i'll make my phone calls, but i'll have to sit out from going all of the way to shibaura. that's low. i can't help it, i'm studying for my entrance exams. then make my phone calls for me, okay. there's my address book from wakaba preschool. that's a good idea. here's mine from daiyon elementary school. i'm counting on you. it might be a good idea if one of us focuses on making the calls. he has a point. thank you, senpai. hey no, not you too, taichi. relax. i'm not gonna push my workload onto you. oh man, you're such a great guy. no need to say that much. he didn't find his phone book, did he. how did you ever guess. so that mess is from your fight last night it looks pretty disastrous. the eighth child is around there. if i remember right, this is where the eighth child was last night. look outside. it's foggy. i've never seen fog this thick before. i heard there was even snow falling in tama. what is causing all of these strange phenomena. we've been awaiting your arrival. vamdemonsama. this is a good spot. we will make this place our headquarters. where are you going, tailmon. it's our mission to look for the eighth child. trying to snatch the spoils away from me, eh. that's just like you. what. i only spoke the truth, didn't i. i'm the one who found the eighth child first. naturally, it's my right to search that area. do you really think the eighth child will stick around in one place. if that's what you think, then i take it you won't have a problem with searching the opposite area. good luck finding him, if you even can. does everyone know which areas they'll be covering. don't worry. well, let's start. ice taichi no. no reaction. he can't be around here. yeah. hello. this is kido. i used to be in your class in 2nd grade you're smothering me. why don't you go fly, piyomon. palmon, i think you've gotten fatter. don't fight, you two. babies don't act like this. could the eighth child really be around here. also it's really hot. that's so cool. how carefree they are. there's not a chance the eighth child is among them. meeko. where are you. meeko. where could she be. are you a friend of agumon's. you are, aren't you. wait. that girl how does she know about agumon. could she be the eighth child. come over here. my mom's out. i'll leave the door open. this extreme humidity in the tokyo bay area of odaiba is rare, even for summer, and the cause behind it is unknown. why do we have to keep doing this when we just got back home. let's take a little break, sorasan. again. well, make it quick. i slept in a soft bed last night with the a/c on. that's when it sunk in that home is the best place in the world. the food was delicious too. it was the first time i thought my mom's cooking tasted so good. the food at sora's house was wonderful. sora's mother looked very kind, too. right, sora. you really think so. thanks. now, back to work let's see she's really focused isn't she hot. you two just have different levels of endurance. i'd rather stay as a delicate girl. sorasan. why don't we try a place that has crowds of people. crowds of people. yes, over there. it feels so cool. it's great to be in a place with airconditioning. i feel like i'm coming back to life. i thought as much. sora, that's where your house is, right. yeah. this is the world we live in. mimi, does it feel a little hotter in here to you. yeah. i guess the airconditioning isn't very strong over here. what a cool breeze. feels great. it's getting warmer. it's hot. maybe the air conditioner broke. how is he able to wear a fulllength coat in this summer heat.. i feel hotter just looking at him. hhey, mimichan, he'll hear you. but it's true. look, he heard you. a digimon. a digimon. i think it just got even hotter all of a sudden i don't believe this tokyo tower looks like it's bending. it really is. it's a digimon. meteor wing. chikuchiku bang bang. togemon. that's deathmeramon. he's a perfect level. deathmeramon perfect data flame digimon special attack heavy metal fire deathmeramon. a perfect level digimon whose body is enveloped in blue flames. his special attack is heavy metal fire. heavy metal fire. it's falling. kabuterimon, hold it up. i'll burn you all to the ground. we won't let that happen. agumon, evolve. greymon. mega flame. he got bigger after absorbing the mega flame. he's a perfect level. an adult level like greymon is no match against him. greymon, superevolve. metalgreymon. anyone can run and give up nigetari akirameru koto wa daremo when given a second, so let's keep on walking instead isshun areba dekiru kara arukitsuzukeyou there's something only you can do kimi ni shika dekinai koto ga aru aoi hoshi ni togemon. togemon. get a hold of yourself, honestly. so that this blue planet doesn't lose its light hikari ga nakusenu you ni heavy metal fire. seize the dreams you painted. tsukame. egaita yume wo protect your beloved friends. mamore. daiji na tomo wo trident arm. then you can become stronger takumashii jibun ni nareru sa i've caught you. unknown power dwells in your heart shiranai pawaa ga yadoru heavy metal fire. when its fire is lit haato ni hi ga tsuitara who's caught who now. even your wishes, it's true, donna negai mo uso ja nai what. will surely be granted, so kitto kanau kara show me your brave heart show me your brave heart according to eyewitness reports, monsters have been seen fighting each other. she's definitely not an ordinary child. i should kill her now. speculation has arisen that this may be connected to the uproar about monsters that occured yesterday. come here. are you going already. you'll come back again, right. i can't act when i have no official proof that she's the eighth child. at this time, tailmon had yet to realize that this girl, yagami hikari, would soon hold great meaning to her. original concept hongou akiyoshi  script nishizono satoru  chief animation director kiyoyama shigetaka  episode director imazawa tetsuo  voice talent yagami taichi  takenouchi sora  ishida yamato  izumi koushiro  tachikawa mimi  takaishi takeru  kido jyou  hikari  fujita toshiko  mizutani yuko  kazama yuuto  tenjin umi  maeda ai  konishi hiroko  kikuchi masami  araki kae  voice talent agumon  piyomon  tentomon  palmon  sakamoto chika  shigematsu katori  sakurai takahiro  mizowaki shihomi  voice talent vamdemon  picodevimon  tailmon  narration  ohtomo ryuzaburo  miyata kouki  tokumitsu yuka  hirata hiroaki  translation onkeikun editing splash timing splash typesetting splash raws onkeikun karaoke timing mirrim splash karaoke styling j0hnny kaiserdragon encoding nitephire opening theme butterfly artist wada kouji  songwriter chiwata hidenori  composer chiwata hidenori  arranger watanabe cheru  insert song brave heart artist miyazaki ayumi  songwriter oomori sachiko  composer/arranger oota michihiko  ending theme keep on artist maeda ai  songwriter nk composer kine naoto  arrangers kine naoto & yuasa kouichi  pumpmon and gotsumon appear in shibuya's streets during the night. spotting them, yamato and takeru stand on edge. but rather than attack them, pump and gotsu invite them to hang out instead. apparently they've fallen in love with the human world, and most of all, shibuya. will a digimon commotion arise in this fashionable city. next time on digimon adventure: pump and gotsu are shibuyatype digimon. pump and gotsu are shibuyatype digimon. now the adventure evolves. )