the children's hearts ached for the digimon who continued to die for them. but sadly, the sudden appearance of the second dark master, pinocchimon of the wind guardians, left them with no time to grieve. after takeru was kidnapped, yamato went to pieces. but upon seeing that takeru was able to escape safely without anyone's help, yamato disappeared from the others with gabumon following his lead. jureimon and the forest of doubt jureimon and the forest of doubt. hey. yamato. yamatokun. gabumon. where are you. oniichan what do you think happened to yamatosan. how should i know. what the heck is up with him anyway. he could have been kidnapped by pinocchimon. judging from his abrupt disappearance, that's a likely conclusion. no i don't think that's what happened. you saw yamato leave. why didn't you stop him. because i thought he had to use the bushes or something sorry. well, never mind. at least we know now that he wasn't taken by pinocchimon. but where exactly did he disappear to, then. now that i think back, didn't yamatokun seem to be acting a little strange to you. gabumon didn't look like he was able to evolve that time. but even so what's the matter, hikari. i heard a voice again. a voice. was it yamato's. i don't hear anything. maybe you were hearing things. he couldn't have gone that far. yeah. let's go find him. no it wasn't yamatosan's voice. hikari. yamato. what's wrong. yamato, are you listening to me. yamato that guy is such a numbskull for leaving his pals behind. it's like he's asking me to kill him. as you say, sir. since i know that he won't play with me anyway, i'll put an end to him just like he wants me to. please wait, pinocchimonsama. i have an idea. while you take care of the other children, leave this one to me, your loyal servant, jureimon. i i've always been concerned over takeru's wellbeing. i kept thinking that takeru would never be able to take care of himself if i wasn't around to help him. but before i realized it, he'd grown up on me. he's grown up so much now that he doesn't need me anymore. it's not just him. there's also taichi, sora, mimi, jyou, and koushiro ever since everyone came to the digimon world, they've changed. they've all grown stronger. yeah. but compared to them, look at me. i'm still the same person i always was. i haven't changed a bit. that's not true. you've alsowhat is wrong with me. this isn't who i want to be. yamato i can't stay stuck like this. i have to change. i have to grow stronger. and in order to make that happen i can't stay with the others. who's there. my name is jureimon. jureimon. jureimon perfect virus plant digimon special attack cherry bomb jureimon. known as the king of the trees, this perfect level digimon lives deep within the forests. his special attack is cherry bomb. you're one of pinocchimon's minions, aren't you.. now calm down. i didn't come here to fight. i just wish to have someone to talk to. the digivice isn't reacting. it doesn't seem to be functioning properly within these woods. i think we should take a break somewhere and wait for him. everyone wants to be alone once in a while. no, we have to find yamato. we're useless unless all eight of us are together. but everyone is tired. why don't we sit down around here and rest our legs. just because all eight of us should be together and fight everyone else had to die mimi mimichan yo. pinocchimon. hey, takeru. i'm glad to see you again. well, i'm not. i won't play with you anymore, so don't even bother asking. that's right. don't be stupid. playtime is long over. get them, garbamon. yes, sir. yes, sir. garbamon perfect virus mutant digimon special attack poop bazooka garbamon. these digimon are covered in filth. their special attack is poop bazooka. don't underestimate them. they're at the perfect level. launch the poop bazooka. i'm not scared of this stupid thing. just leave us alone already.. mimichan, hurry up. ookay. sorry, but i don't feel like sitting down to talk just to make you happy. let's go. hey, out of my way. now, now, i told you to wait. you should show more respect for your elders. "what is wrong with me." "this isn't who i want to be." it is important for us to step back once in awhile and see who we've become in order to gain a better opinion of ourselves. were you eavesdropping on me. whether i have or not is of no importance. there is nothing in this forest that i do not know about. then tell me. what should i do now. you ask me what you should do. children these days, always wanting the answers handed to them. they never try to come up with one for themselves. therein lies the problem, if you ask me. yamato. you don't have to pay attention to this guy. let's go. are you sure about that. if you want to get stronger, you must improve yourself. improve myself. but that is easier said than done. you will need the determination to carry it out. determination i do have that. tell me. how am i supposed to do that. looks like he's taken the bait. you must defeat your rival. rival. take a look at yourself in that lake. there you will see the rival you must defeat. the rival i must defeat yamato. ththis is. don't think you can escape from us. take this. meteor wing. mega blaster. harpoon vulcan. chikuchiku bang bang. mega flame. you did it. did you really think those puny attacks could hurt them. look behind you. nno i've got you now. no.. togemon, superevolve. lilimon. anyone can run and give up nigetari akirameru koto wa daremo when given a second, so let's keep on walking instead isshun areba dekiru kara arukitsuzukeyou you fell for it. oh no. there's still more of us. there's something only you can do kimi ni shika dekinai koto ga aru aoi hoshi ni she used me as a stepladder. so that this blue planet doesn't lose its light hikari ga nakusenu you ni flower cannon. all right. now. seize the dreams you painted. tsukame. egaita yume wo protect your beloved friends. mamore. daiji na tomo wo then you can become stronger takumashii jibun ni nareru sa greymon, superevolve. unknown power dwells in your heart shiranai pawaa ga yadoru metalgreymon. when its fire is lit haato ni hi ga tsuitara even your wishes, it's true, donna negai mo uso ja nai will surely be granted, so kitto kanau kara giga destroyer. show me your brave heart show me your brave heart taichi is my rival. sorry to disappoint you, but i've never considered that of him, not even once. that lake reflects whoever lies within the heart of the person who looks into it. what. in a somewhat strange landscape, sukoshi kawatta keshiki no naka de i won't fall for this. you must not avert your eyes. face yourself properly. i learned of a strength that wasn't special tokubetsu ja nai tsuyosa wo shitta i know the truth. although you are both chosen children, everything you and that boy taichi stand for are complete opposites of each other. the dream i had sometime and the voice i'd felt somewhere itsuka mita yume dokoka de kanjita koe whatever taichi says or does bugs you so much that you can't help but react to it. are not lies, but by accepting everything uso ja nai subete wo uketome will i continue to go on, go on like this. kono mama kono mama tsuzuku no darou that's how big of an existence taichi has become within your heart. unless you overcome those feelings, you will never be able to grow beyond who you are now. still wishing to turn back. modoritai kimochi no mama de you must fight taichi. no matter how much i cry or laugh, naitatte warattatte only when you free yourself of the hesitation within your heart will you become a new person. there are things that will never change kawaranai koto ga aru he's lying. that's complete nonsense. taichi is your friend. but i grab hands with the one i believed in and walk on dakedo shinjita te to te wo tsunaide aruiteku don't be fooled, yamato. this must be a trap. yyou're right. we're friends friends don't fight each other. we'll be able to do anything with the passage of time nandatte dekiru you ni nareru yo toki no naka de friends, you say. you don't even believe that such a thing really exists. so i grab hands with the one i believed in and walk on dakara shinjita te to te wo tsunaide aruiteku you may lie about it to others, but you can't lie to yourself. i've hit the nail on the head, didn't i. yamato. oh seven try to be free oh seven try to be free loyalty comrades friendship very convenient words. oh seven try to be free oh seven try to be free but in the end, they're all illusions. nothing but a fleeting emotion. you know that you cannot allow yourself to be exploited for such things. am i wrong, yamatokun. is that true, yamato. i i don't know. yamato listen. i will say this once more. if you want to improve yourself, you must fight taichi. unless you have the determination to do that, you will never be able to change yourself. unless you face this trial, you will never become the person you want to be. oh seven try to be free, yeah oh seven try to be free, yeah i don't know what damn it. what am i supposed to do. oh seven try to be free oh seven try to be free the crest of friendship why does someone like me have the crest of friendship.. yamato. i understand, yamato. do what you think is right. gabumon running fullspeed ahead, like taichi always does, can't be the answer to everything. i'm sure that there are things out there that only you can do, yamato. things that only i can do. let's look for them together. and in those times, if you need me to i will fight for you, yamato. gabumon even if this means treating the others as my enemy i will always be with you, yamato. gabumon gabumon, warpevolve. metalgarurumon. let's go, yamato. yeah. it went without a hitch. still, i'm surprised by the strength of the bond between them. since pinocchimonsama doesn't have a heart like they do, he may lose to them if he slips up. yamato i know how you really feel. the truth is, you do want to believe in your comrades in your friends in friendship. damn it how dare they throw poop at me. those guys are dead. pinocchimonsama. my plan has worked perfectly. and what would that be. making the two ultimate levels, wargreymon and metalgarurumon, fight each other. that sounds like fun. if those two fight seriously, neither of them should come out of it unharmed. no at best, they will both die by the other's hand. once the strongest are out of the way, all you will need to do is pick off the weaklings. wow, i've gotta hurry and see this. that's one super battle that i don't wanna miss. please be careful around the chosen children. if you make light of them, even you may lose, pinocchimonsama. i may lose. they have something that you don't, pinocchimonsama. something that i don't. are you saying that there's something i'm missing. yes, that would be i'm not missing anything. bullet hammer. i don't care who you are, no one gets away with making fun of me. all right, all right. i give up. just kidding. there's a black hole inside this thing. i'll suck all of you into it. damn it he still had that trick up his sleeve. oniichan. cocytus breath. metalgarurumon. yamato. yamato. where were you this whole time. thank you. that was a real close one. thanks. wwhy. agumon, fight me. evolve to ultimate. no thanks. why do i have to fight you. yamato. whwhat is this. what are you doing.. hey, yamato. hurry up and stop him. no. i won't. you won't. you. i won't miss next time. now hurry up and evolve to wargreymon. you're being serious. oniichan. i made it just in time. now this had better be entertaining. original concept hongou akiyoshi  script maekawa atsushi  chief animation director ebisawa yukio  episode director kakudou hiroyuki  voice talent yagami taichi  takenouchi sora  ishida yamato  izumi koushiro  tachikawa mimi  takaishi takeru  kido jyou  hikari  fujita toshiko  mizutani yuko  kazama yuuto  tenjin umi  maeda ai  konishi hiroko  kikuchi masami  araki kae  voice talent agumon  piyomon  gabumon  tentomon  palmon  patamon  gomamon  tailmon  sakamoto chika  shigematsu katori  yamaguchi mayumi  sakurai takahiro  mizowaki shihomi  matsumoto miwa  takeuchi junko  tokumitsu yuka  voice talent pinocchimon  narration  kozakura etsuko  hirata hiroaki  translation onkeikun editing splash timing splash typesetting splash raws onkeikun karaoke timing mirrim splash karaoke styling j0hnny kaiserdragon encoding nitephire opening theme butterfly artist wada kouji  songwriter chiwata hidenori  composer chiwata hidenori  arranger watanabe cheru  insert song brave heart artist miyazaki ayumi  songwriter oomori sachiko  composer/arranger oota michihiko  insert song seven  artist wada kouji  songwriter/composer/arranger koyama kouhei  ending theme keep on artist maeda ai  songwriter nk composer kine naoto  arrangers kine naoto & yuasa kouichi  the vicious battle between the ultimate levels begins. will it be wargreymon who wins. metalgarurumon. or will the two destroy each other. however, none of them have yet to realize that an important secret will be unveiled within that battle. next time on digimon adventure: clash of the ultimate levels. wargreymon vs metalgarurumon. now the adventure evolves. clash of the ultimate levels. wargreymon vs metalgarurumon )