their enemy on server continent, etemon, continued his attack. having already obtained his crest, taichi forced greymon to evolve, but greymon unexpectedly became skullgreymon. skullgreymon ran berserk. it was only when he exhausted his energy that he degenerated into koromon. the illusionary ship's captain, cockatrimon. the illusionary ship's captain, cockatrimon. are you okay. i'll manage. koushirohan ddon't get ddiscouraged. yyeah. yamato you should worry about yourself more. you must be sweltering under all of that fur. i'll be fine. jyou, want to take a break. no, let's try our best and go a little farther. takeru, fighto. koromon. i'm sorry. it's my fault you turned back into koromon. taichisan. now matter how regretful you feel, there's nothing you can do about it now. mimichan. you've got to keep your spirits up for koromon's sake too. still, it's really hot. i'm worried about how long koromon can endure this. i want to become a huge togemon and give shade to everyone palmon. look. a giant cactus. all right, guys. let's relax in the shade. i want to become a cactus as big as that one. huh. it doesn't have a shadow. iit was a mirage chosen children. oh, chosen children. gennai. hey, gramps. i got the tag and crest just like you said, put them together and fought the bad guy, but he didn't evolve at all. what's more, poor agumon degenerated into koromon. i don't want the crest. calm down, chosen children. the crests will become yours someday, whether you like it or not. both the tag and crest will naturally light each other up. no way. let me explain why agumon degenerated into koromon. even with both the tag and crest on you, unless you raise your digimon correctly raise them correctly. yes. unless you give them good upbringing, they won't evolve the right way. how do we raise them the right way, then. chosen children. when thinking about giving appropriate care gennai. damn that old fart. everything he says is confusing. he mentioned good upbringing. are we being brought up the right way, though. gabumon. wait a second. i'm not confident i can do it. wait, wait, koushirohan. what do you think you're saying. what about me. i also don't have a shred of confidence i can do it. selfconfidence at 0%. hey, hey. it's a battleship. it's a luxury cruise ship. why is a cruise ship sailing through the desert.. is that a mirage too. no it's not. numemon. numemon. please, let us rest on your ship. nume let me handle the numemon. numemon. we're very tired. could you let us rest ourselves for a while on this luxury ship. pl ea se. nunume. it looks like a firstclass hotel. i want to shower. me too. i want a shower quickly. i wonder if they have fountains. i hope so. oh, it's been so long. wait for me, sora. palmon, hurry up. this food looks fantastic. it does. i want to eat it. wwe shouldn't eat it without telling anyone. but it sure looks good. i'm so hungry i think i'll die. me too. me too. it would be rude to the cooks if we let the food they made grow cold, right. yeah. let's eat. yeah. what do you think gennai meant when he told us to raise our digimon correctly. no idea. at least we intend to care for them properly chosen children your fates are in the hands of cockatrimon bawk. cockatrimon adult giant bird digimon type data special attack petrifier cockatrimon. a ferocious bird digimon. because his feathers have deteriorated, he has lost the ability to fly which is a great cause of annoyance to him. his special attack is petrifier. just in case, i'll report this to etemonsama and ask him what i should do with them bakawk. you useless twerps. hurry up and fix my network. who do you think i am. i am the king of digimon, etemonsama. got a problem with that. none at all. yeah. who's the strongest in the world. that's me. wahoo. who told you to dance.. don't just sit there crouching and holding your heads. that's odd bawk. i can't contact etemonsama. no other choice. i'll just get rid of them bawk. you numemon wawking parttime. i'll raise your pay rate up to a pretty little sum for anyone who captures the chosen children bakawk. what. taichi. what's this all of a sudden.. numemon. what the heck are you doing. marching fishes. don't touch koromon. taichi. koromon, evolve. agumon. agumon. baby flame. you're cockatrimon. petrifier. agumon. gomamon. i'll be taking these bakawk. petit fire. petit thunder. petrifier. gabumon. tentomon. where are the other chosen children. they're not here. what. here you are. cockatrimon. is he one of etemon's minions. i think so. those are taichisan and jyousenpai's crests. i've captured the other five chosen children and put them out to fry in the sun bakawk. keep them out there for a while, and i'll have dried and crunchy chosen children bawk. that's terrible. what about their digimon. i've turned them into stones with my power bakawk. i can use them to boil some yummy soup bawk. unbelievable. don't worry, you'll be joining them. you're unforgivable. magical fire. poison ivy. petrifier. now you're trapped bakawk. piyomon, time to evolve. piyomon, evolve. birdramon. anyone can run and give up nigetari akirameru koto wa daremo shshe's flying. meteor wing. when given a second, so let's keep on walking instead isshun areba dekiru kara arukitsuzukeyou why you. it looks like cockatrimon can't fly. there's something only you can do kimi ni shika dekinai koto ga aru aoi hoshi ni palmon. now's your chance. so that this blue planet doesn't lose its light hikari ga nakusenu you ni palmon, evolve. togemon. seize the dreams you painted. tsukame. egaita yume wo meteor wing. protect your beloved friends. mamore. daiji na tomo wo then you can become stronger takumashii jibun ni nareru sa chikuchiku. unknown power dwells in your heart shiranai pawaa ga yadoru bang. bang. when its fire is lit haato ni hi ga tsuitara even your wishes, it's true, donna negai mo uso ja nai will surely be granted, so kitto kanau kara show me your brave heart show me your brave heart all right. huh. the numemon are escaping in a panic. that must mean it's dangerous to stay on this ship. let's hurry up and get off here. damn it those damn chosen children and their digimon cockatrimon has used his willpower to revive himself and is now going to get his revenge on you bakawk. i'm roasting did cockatrimon come back to life. no way. a giant cactus. is it another mirage.. no, it has a shadow. unbelievable. i'm on high altitude. i'm flying. i'm flying bakawk. it wasn't a mirage. it's a real giant cactus. what is that. it's a crest. so this is what gennaisan meant when he said the tag and crest light each other up. i didn't want this will i be able to bring palmon up properly. mimimi voices yagami taichi takenouchi sora ishida yamato izumi koushiro tachikawa mimi takaishi takeru kido jyou fujita toshiko mizutani yuko kazama yuuto tenjin umi maeda ai konishi hiroko kikuchi masami voices koromon piyomon gabumon tentomon palmon tokomon gomamon sakamoto chika shigematsu katori yamaguchi mayumi sakurai takahiro mizowaki shihomi matsumoto miwa takeuchi junko voices gennai etemon cockatrimon narration yanami jouji masutani yasunori sonobe keiichi hirata hiroaki "i'm scared to evolve. " to agumon, this feeling is a fatal wound in his heart. how can he and taichi revive their power and courage. piccolomon subjects the confused duo to a trial. it's an ordeal where the two pass through time and go back into the past. next time on digimon adventure: the fairy, piccolomon. now the adventure evolves. the fairy, piccolomon. )