after their long journey across the ocean, the children arrived at server continent. that was when their new enemy, etemon, appeared before them. the children were helpless before his sudden display of power. in order to fight against etemon on equal ground, their digimon must evolve to the next level. taichi received his crest, which is the key to that new evolution, but dark evolution. skullgreymon. dark evolution. skullgreymon how much farther do we have to walk. until we find a place where etemon can't reach us. does such a place exist.. i hope so. we have nowhere to run if etemon attacked us now. this is bad. everyone's getting thoroughly depressed. what's this. get a hold of yourselves, guys. we have a crest with us now. true, but can they really evolve with just the crest. sure. right, agumon. be more assertive, man. you're the only one right now who's able to evolve to the next level. you've got to stand upright for all of us on the battlefield. we're counting on you. how do we move on to the next evolution. well, from what we already know of the evolution process they'll need a large amount of energy to evolve. in other words, they weren't able to evolve when they were hungry. it also happens when their partner is in danger. i see. but about that energy thing to evolve to a higher level, i guess you'll need more energy than ever, right. just you wait, chosen children. when i find you, i'll knock you flat and stuff you like turkeys. i can't eat anymore. when i say you eat, you eat. no complaining. but. listen. everyone gave you their share of food because they're looking forward to your evolution. right, guys. yeah gave it to him. more like he took it from us. but we can't evolve to a higher level. whoever doesn't work doesn't get to eat, is it. no way~ what was that. i can't hear you. isn't that right, guys. yes. that's why you and i have to work hard together. we have to protect everyone. so that makes us the ones who are pulling them down. even so, i feel sorry for agumon. yeah. agumon looks like he's being driven into a corner. c'mon, eat up. during club activities, taichisan was always nice to us younger members. now that you mention it, even in the soccer club taichi, pass. this is my chance to shoot. here i go. nice pass. i thought you'd try to make the goal yourself. i'd never do something crazy like that. taichi looks like the type who runs off on his own but he does take in consideration of his surroundings. yes. we're the only ones who can do it. so keep it up. eat up. no more ever since taichi got his crest, it's like he's a different person. i'm starving what. hey, look guys, my tag. it's reacting to something. your crest must be nearby. really. there's something there. looks like buildings. that's where my crest must be. what was that. what's a cable doing here. stop. what's the matter, etemonsama. something got caught in the network. l7 area let's see where was that. where is it. it's near the coliseum. remember. the place where i hold a yearly concert. they ran off to such a place geh, it's pretty far. but i have an interesting show set up there. yeah. this is the l7 area. it's me. hhello, sir. some guests will be arriving there soon, so prepare a welcome party. wwelcome party. you don't mean that thing. yup, that thing. uunderstood. it looks like the roman coliseum. what's that. a stadium from ancient times. there's a widescreen. and a goal post. this is a soccer field. well, let's all split up and look for the crest. i can't move. let me sleep a little what's wrong with you. get up. sorry let him rest. the only clue we have is this tag. gomamon and i will go look, so take a break, guys. i'll go with you. a soccer ball. hey, want to play. that sounds fun. let's make it the human team versus the digimon team. what's soccer. it's when you use your legs to kick this ball into the goal. you can use your head or chest too. there. here i come. you can't use your hands. don't you think that's really unfair for me. the goalkeeper can use their hands, right. you're perfect as the goalkeeper, palmon. take that. how the hell can you guys be playing soccer at a time like this. think about what we're dealing with right now. we're leaving right after jyou finds his crest. are you getting any reaction. it should be around here i am the greatest. he's here. wait, you guys. agumon. goal. now i've got you. it was a trap. you think you can keep us in here with just this. oh, you'll injure yourself if you do that. after all, that net has electricity running through its wires. i'd love to be there facetoface, but unfortunately, i'm too far away for that. stars have busy schedules, you know. but don't worry. there's a special guest who'll be taking my place. who do you think it is. who cares.. i'm sure he'll surprise you. yeah yeah yeah. a ggreymon. see, you are surprised. i'm such a fabulous show producer. now let's begin. it's showtime. evolve, agumon. agumon, evolve. greymon. anyone can run and give up nigetari akirameru koto wa daremo when given a second, so let's keep on walking instead isshun areba dekiru kara arukitsuzukeyou you can do it, greymon. don't lose to a fake. there's something only you can do kimi ni shika dekinai evolve, greymon. he can't keep this up. he'll be killed if he doesn't evolve. evolve. greymon. evolve. it's no use, taichisan. your crest isn't showing a reaction at all. evolving is impossible. i won't believe that. greymon, i know you can do it. believe in your ability to evolve. all right, greymon. do a mega flame. how can you be burping at a time like this. don't his movements look a lot slower than usual. i get it. his body is heavy from eating too much. you're right. ggreymon. looks like this will end sooner than i thought. yes. don't just stand around, start the ending celebration. prepare the fireworks and step on it. yyes, sir. look out. marching fishes. how were fishes able to come out from there.. don't look at me i don't get complicated stuff it's probably because there's a rift in another dimension over there. oh. thank you, fishes. let's escape now that we have a chance. how about digging out of here. good idea. there's a black cable here too. oh no, this rock is in the way. it's reacting. could this rock be my crest. if that really is the case, then all right. my crest. a tunnel. we can get out of here. those damn children. not only did they escape, but they have another crest. completely unforgivable. he'll win if he evolved. if he could just evolve greymon. wait. don't stop me. this is my chance to get greymon to evolve. please, just get out of my way. but your crest isn't reacting at all. it's impossible to make him evolve. he will evolve. no, i'll make him. what is he trying to do. the other condition needed for evolution is for the partner to be in danger. taichisan, he can't be. it's time to finish this. end it with a mega flame. stop. i'm not scared of you. try and come after me. trying to act tough, are we. very well. we'll finish you off first, just as you wish. piyomon, help taichi. you too, gabumon. gotcha. piyomon, evolve. birdramon. gabumon, evolve. garurumon. anyone can run and give up nigetari akirameru koto wa daremo greymon. i believe in you. when given a second, so let's keep on walking instead isshun areba dekiru kara arukitsuzukeyou evolve, greymon. there's something only you can do kimi ni shika dekinai koto ga aru aoi hoshi ni so that this blue planet doesn't lose its light hikari ga nakusenu you ni that's what's going on. no way. that's skullgreymon. skullgreymon. skullgreymon perfect skeleton digimon type virus special attack ground zero skullgreymon. his menacing appearance reduces many digimon to a quaking heap. naturally, he has immensely destructive power. he is a perfect level digimon who attacks persistently in battle. ththis is bad. it looks like things went wrong and he evolved into something unbelievable. this is greymon's evolved form skullgreymon. did you really evolve from greymon. run, taichi. i'll help hold him down. we're counting on you, tentomon. tentomon, evolve. kabuterimon. no good. the network. my network is ruined. meteor wing. fox fire. mega blaster. what happened. maybe he ran out of energy. he turned back into koromon. are you okay. yeah but it looks like i did something terrible to you guys. i couldn't even stop myself don't worry about it. that's right. we understand. i'm sorry i couldn't rise to your expectations no, it's not your fault. it's i know. it's my fault. that's not what i meant it's okay. it's true, right sora. yeah ii mean. i was rushing ahead without even realizing it. because i had the crest, i felt like i had to fight the battles on my own. i'm sorry, guys. i'm sorry. although the next evolution was reached, it was apparently a mistake. will they ever be able to evolve the right way. voices yagami taichi takenouchi sora ishida yamato izumi koushiro tachikawa mimi takaishi takeru kido jyou fujita toshiko mizutani yuko kazama yuuto tenjin umi maeda ai konishi hiroko kikuchi masami voices agumon piyomon gabumon tentomon palmon tokomon gomamon sakamoto chika shigematsu katori yamaguchi mayumi sakurai takahiro mizowaki shihomi matsumoto miwa takeuchi junko voices etemon narration masutani yasunori hirata hiroaki as taichi and the others cross the desert, a cruise ship appears before them. when they board the ship, they fall into the trap of cockatrimon, one of etemon's henchmen. as their friends are captured one by one, their last hope, the pretty palmon and piyomon pair, counterattacks. next time on digimon adventure: the illusionary ship's captain, cockatrimon. now the adventure evolves. the illusionary ship's captain, cockatrimon. )