both taichi and agumon were confused and afraid. that prevented agumon from evolving. under piccolomon's guidance, the two decided to combine their powers once again, and this brought back their ability to evolve. however another trial awaits them before they would be able to superevolve to the perfect level. nanomon of the labyrinth. nanomon of the labyrinth. this. this is undoubtedly the network etemon uses to figure out our location. ththen maybe he's already detected that we're here. we should make a run for it then. let's run, let's run. now now, calm down. even if we run from here, he'll sniff us out again sooner or later. what are you doing. just as i suspected this is etemon's network information. maybe i can find something else in here. what's that mark. email. but from who. think it could be from the enemy. open it, koushiro. okay. help me. "help me." "if you help me, i will tell you where the crests are hidden. " the crests. who is this guy. what in the world is going on here.. where are the chosen children.. it's no use, etemonsama. i don't see any malfunctioning here. but there's an abnormality in the pyramid's host computer. it must be nanomon. we're going to give him a little visit. yes, sir. what do we do if it's the enemy's trap. but he might turn out to be on our side, like gennaisan. we can't just ignore him when he needs our help. it should be around here. it's glowing. it's close. takeru, over here. this is it. your crest. i have my crest. that's great, takeru. guess it wasn't a trap after all. he said that he'll tell us where the last crest is after we help him. okay. then let's go do that right away. look there. there's no mistake. these are the same characters i've seen before in andromon's city and kentarumon's ruins. the only thing that's different is this symbol. just as i'd thought in here, energy is produced based on a program. what do you mean. in other words, by rewriting the program that's written on this wall here, i can turn the light on or off. i think if i do this that's a map of the neighboring area. nno way you can do stuff like that just by using a program written on a wall. it's not like we're inside a computer you don't know that. i've been thinking that perhaps this place this entire world, is a place where data and programs have taken physical form. i remember you mentioned that before. if this is a world of data, then does that include us too. we exist completely as data without any real substance. no real substance. you mean we don't have real flesh and blood. something like ghosts. ssomething close to that. then where are our real selves. perhaps still on the campgrounds the digimon are "digital monsters" in the truest sense. they're lifeforms shaped together from data. then are we inside something like a video game. it's not as simple as that could the person who sent that email be made of data too. i'm not sure what's wrong. pplease wait a minute. i'll make it easier for you guys to understand. i've adjusted it so you can see the entire globe. this includes the program i saw in andromon's city if i combine that with the map gennaisan sent me it's a big world. it's about as wide as earth. actually, it's exactly the same. help me. look at this email address. the computer that sent this email is located over there. that's the same place as a homepage that i visited frequently on the internet. lp me. what does that mean. are you saying the email came from our world. that's not all. over on the right is the earth we know of. if you put our computer network system on top of this world the shape of the networks is exactly the same. so what does this all mean. this is a world that's only made of data. it's the same as what you would find in a video game or a computer. but that doesn't mean we're somewhere far from earth. we're inside our own computer network itself. in other words, this digimon world is in the same place as our world you could even call it the earth's shadow. the earth's shadow. this this was earth.. can we get home really soon then. no. it's not like that. we're really close, but we're not on earth itself. now i'm confused more than ever on what to do. oh, what are you talking about. you've got me. sora. i couldn't understand much of it, but does this mean you're leaving. no. it appears we still have stuff to do in this world, so we can't leave until we've finished that. yeah. anyway, we should save the guy who sent the email first. where do we go next, koushiro. well if i run the program that came attached to the email the wall. i can see outside. what just happened. the sender should be outside there. he was this close to us. no. apparently, that program serves to warp and connect airspace. that's it's etemon. i've come to punish you, nanomon. taichi. it's time to change shifts. thank goodness. i was starting to get tired. good night. me too. guess i'll sleep to prepare for tomorrow. i'm sorry, taichi. in the end you're going through all of this trouble just for my crest, right. that's how it ended up. anyway, i'm not the type of guy who turns his back on someone in trouble. you're not acting like yourself, sora. if it was your crest that we'd found first, would you be bothered about this as you are now. i doubt i would have even thought of it. see. besides, we're just data right now. no point in thinking about this seriously. if we return to our own world, do you think we'll remember our experiences and the digimon we've met in this world. who knows well, let's see even though i said we are digitalized our data is pretty bulky and elaborate. considering the large amount of our data that's been shifted into this world, it should cause feedback when we return to our own world. so in other words, we should still treat ourselves as if we have real bodies, right. it's better to think that way. then, just like i thought, we shouldn't act irresponsibly just because we're data now. hey. what are you doing over there. hurry up. we're coming. there's a hidden passageway in the pyramid that's normally not visible. our first and foremost priority is to save the sender and get sorakun's crest. do not get yourselves involved in any unnecessary battles. yeah, yeah, i know. i wanted to go too. don't be selfish, takeru. be careful, everyone. keep steady. things will be all right. well, we'll be back soon. come back safely. the hidden passageway should be up ahead on this side of the pyramid. what's wrong, taichi. it's etemon. who's there. don't talk. am i hearing things. i don't know why, but i feel like someone was making fun of me. i'm so irritated. i'll go sing a song or something to amuse myself. he's gone. it's all right now. don't act stupid. what if he found us.. but we're perfectly fine. so this is the hidden passageway. it looks like it has data on the outside, but there's really nothing in it. let me see. oww everything besides the passageway is made up of data, so please be careful. we can see outside from here. yes. but no one can see us from the other side. it's gazimon. keep quiet. hey, what was that for.. what. don't play dumb. you just kicked me. no, i didn't. what a barefaced lie. take that. what are you doing. why did you do that. what if they found out it was you.. sorakun, keep your voice down. you worry too much, sora. we're just data, you know. taichi, you. sorakun. is there electricity running through this, or is it just me. the section that acts as a hidden entryway should only have harmless data in it. so that means everything else is really electrified. you look scared, jyou. of course i am. you're too timid, jyou. so. where's the entrance. um over here. okay. what are you guys doing. hurry up. here's our destination. here. that's i'm pretty sure it's nanomon. he's a very smart digimon. nanomon perfect machine digimon type virus special attack plug bomb nanomon. a perfect level machine digimon who, no matter what computer system he's up against, will reconstruct it with his fine techniques. could that digimon be the one who sent the email. that's exactly right, chosen children. i see. he's sending data directly through my ir port. i once fought with etemon long ago and was crushed. my broken body was left sealed here. on top of having my ability to formulate stolen, i was given the job of supervising etemon's network system. but one day, i recovered my memories and began to slowly repair my body in a way etemon wouldn't notice. soon i learned of everything that happened outside, and i became able to meddle with that information. however i'll need a considerable amount of outside help to release me from confinement. do you really know where my crest is. of course. i know many things that etemon himself has not even heard of. can we really trust him. both you and i share etemon as our enemy. please trust me. okay then. well, what should we do. follow my orders. taichisan. please pull down that lever. right5. left8. that's it, keep going push the button, and then taichisan, pull up the lever again. that should open up his prison. hold it. etemon. it's only natural that we'd catch you after all you've done. we have surveillance cameras here, you know. how dare you do that to us. ah, they found out. because of you, taichi. my network began acting funny ever since the children landed here. that was you, wasn't it. i finished my maintenance just before they arrived. taichi. agumon, evolve. greymon. tentomon, evolve. kabuterimon. piyomon, evolve. birdramon. gomamon, evolve. ikkakumon. anyone can run and give up nigetari akirameru koto wa daremo you're in the way. when given a second, so let's keep on walking instead isshun areba dekiru kara arukitsuzukeyou you should see for yourself how powerful you've made this prison. there's something only you can do kimi ni shika dekinai koto ga aru aoi hoshi ni piyomon. what are you doing.. so that this blue planet doesn't lose its light hikari ga nakusenu you ni i have no more use for you. that's the kind of guy nanomon is. seize the dreams you painted. tsukame. egaita yume wo blabber all you want. plug bomb. protect your beloved friends. mamore. daiji na tomo wo dark spirits. then you can become stronger takumashii jibun ni nareru sa yamato, look. they're fighting. unknown power dwells in your heart shiranai pawaa ga yadoru when its fire is lit haato ni hi ga tsuitara piyomon. even your wishes, it's true, donna negai mo uso ja nai i win again. the only thing you're good at is fighting, monkey. will surely be granted, so kitto kanau kara show me your brave heart show me your brave heart once i use their true power, your death is guaranteed. prepare yourself. wait. sora. taichi. he escaped through the hidden passageway. i'm sure that area is where her voice came from wait. i have to make sure of the location first. we're just data, remember. if i make a mistake, i can just start over. stop him. okay. hey. let me go. sora is. taichisan, you can't be thinking that just because you're data, you're free to act like a video game character, are you. am i wrong. completely. it's exactly the same as if we're living and breathing here. if you die here you'll really die. what. nno way. it can't be i never thought i'd really die taichi the hidden passageway is one meter from your right. whwhat's wrong with me. sora's in danger. no good taichi he's too strong for us now that it's come to this, i'll just kill you first. chikuchiku bang bang. fox fire. guys. you all okay. let's run while they distract him. taichi, hurry up. what. this isn't enough to take me down. huh. where did you go. i see sora and piyomon were kidnapped damn it damn it. voices yagami taichi takenouchi sora ishida yamato izumi koushiro tachikawa mimi takaishi takeru kido jyou fujita toshiko mizutani yuko kazama yuuto tenjin umi maeda ai konishi hiroko kikuchi masami voices agumon piyomon gabumon tentomon palmon tokomon gomamon sakamoto chika shigematsu katori yamaguchi mayumi sakurai takahiro mizowaki shihomi matsumoto miwa takeuchi junko voices etemon nanomon narration masutani yasunori ugaki hidenari hirata hiroaki to save sora, the children invade the pyramid once more. as taichi fights to overcome his fear, etemon appears from behind to attack them. the situation is desperate. but when the crest of courage glows, a miracle occurs. next time on digimon adventure: perfect level evolution. metalgreymon now the adventure evolves. perfect level evolution. metalgreymon )