the chosen children's ultimate enemy, the dark masters, revealed themselves. their digimon fell one by one before the dark masters' overwhelming power. at that moment, piccolomon appeared and saved the children in exchange for his own life. after paying that large sacrifice, the children finally arrived at spiral mountain. the wild sea king. metalseadramon the wild sea king. metalseadramon. where are we. there's sand under our feet. we could be in a desert. i smell salt. are those waves. it's the ocean. i'm starting to see things a bit clearer. the fog is disappearing. are you guys okay. no, everyone's exhausted. in any case, where are we. i feel as though we've been here before. broken telephone booths it's those telephone booths. yeah. this is the beach on file island where we met our digimon for the first time and set off on our journey. i've spotted the chosen children and their digimon. as sea king, the coastal area is under my control. their lives are mine for the taking. my only problem now is who i should use among my evil deep savers army since we're back on file island again could there be some sort of meaning behind it. i thought we were brought back to file island because we're meant to be here. i see but what are we meant to do here. help me. someone's drowning. help me. we have to help him. but our digimon are tired then we'll do it ourselves. takeru. wait, hikari. let's all go to help him. we'll use that canoe over there. help me. help me. huh. how can he be drowning when he has an inflatable tube. shellmon. do you know him, oniichan. we've fought this guy once. we can't win against him. run. i'll sink you to the bottom of the ocean. hurry up, guys. he's closing in. you can't escape. we've got to push our tiredness away and go save them. yeah. wait. leave this to us. pukamon, evolve. tanemon, evolve. palmon. motimon, evolve. tentomon. pyocomon, evolve. piyomon. poison ivy. whwhat.. magical fire. petit thunder. marching fishes. you can do it, guys. go, go. help me for real this time. everyone is weary with exhaustion for now, but i think our digimon are definitely getting stronger. oniichan how can you tell. when we fought against shellmon last time, we were only able to win after agumon had evolved into greymon. mega flame. but this time, we didn't need agumon to evolve. that's because we all joined forces and fought together. but greymon's power alone should be stronger than everyone's powers combined. maybe shellmon got weaker. no, i'm sure this means that each of our digimon are getting stronger. to be honest, i've been wondering up 'til now about what piccolomon had told us earlier. piccolomon. we came all this way believing that as long as the eight of us are together, we could save both our worlds. and yet. it's true that all eight of you are together pi, but that's not enough to win pi. which means that we won because everyone has gotten stronger. i agree. you think so. you've grown into a fine individual. when you say it like that, i can't help but think it's true. do you feel that way about me, too, koushirohan. eh, you're almost there. have i matured, too. yeah. of course you have. what about me. we're recent additions to the chosen children, so i think it's a little too early to tell right now. oh. that's disappointing don't worry, all of us will become stronger. you're right. is that a mirage. that's a beach hut. did there used to be a beach hut on the coasts of file island. that's not a beach hut on the coasts of file island that's a mirage of a beach hut on the coasts of file island. no, that's really a real beach hut on the coasts of file island. ice ramen. curried rice. ice cream. yakisoba noodles. pardon me. oh, honestly what are you guys doing. they'll get their hands on all of the food if we don't catch up to them. anomalocarimon. anomalocarimon perfect data ancient crustacean digimon special attack stinger surprise anomalocarimon. an ancient crustacean digimon. by crossing his two front legs together, he releases his special attack, stinger surprise. this isn't your average beach hut. it's a death hut that will suck away your energy. what. suna shower.  those voices. something must have happened to the others. hurry. this is. shh. well done, anomalocarimon. i expect nothing less from a member of my deep savers army. here's your reward. yay. anomalocarimon. ouch. shh. time for the kill. there are eight chosen children. two of them aren't here. how long are you going to keep stuffing yourself.. hurry up and find the other chosen children. anomalocarimon. anomalocarimon. ththey're fast huh. no more of this we'll have to fight him okay. what's the matter. anomalocarimon is gone. he ran away. he could be hiding. if only we can evolve during this time yeah, but we're tired and starving oh yeah. we just have to dig around. looks tasty. found this. ow. anomalocarimon. palmon, evolve. togemon. gomamon, evolve. ikkakumon. anyone can run and give up nigetari akirameru koto wa daremo chikuchiku bang bang. harpoon vulcan. when given a second, so let's keep on walking instead isshun areba dekiru kara arukitsuzukeyou since togemon and ikkakumon have matured, i don't think they can lose there's something only you can do kimi ni shika dekinai koto ga aru aoi hoshi ni and since it's two against one, it should go in our favor. so that this blue planet doesn't lose its light hikari ga nakusenu you ni it hurts. help me. they're losing it's dangerous to keep this up. seize the dreams you painted. tsukame. egaita yume wo we'll all be killed. maybe we'll win if they evolve one more time. protect your beloved friends. mamore. daiji na tomo wo suna shower. then you can become stronger takumashii jibun ni nareru sa wait. i'm the one fighting you. stinger surprise. unknown power dwells in your heart shiranai pawaa ga yadoru when its fire is lit haato ni hi ga tsuitara hey, this looks delicious. now, ikkakumon. even your wishes, it's true, donna negai mo uso ja nai superevolve, togemon. will surely be granted, so kitto kanau kara show me your brave heart show me your brave heart togemon, superevolve. not every day is sunny, so even though hare no hi bakari ja nai kara tamani lilimon. a cold rain will fall sometimes, just open up your umbrella tsumetai ame mo furu keredo kasa hirogeyou there's no map on how to live, but that's why we're free ikikata ni chizu nanka nai kedo dakara jiyuu ikkakumon, superevolve. even you can go anywhere you please doko e datte yukeru, kimi mo break down your weak self. kowase. yowaki na kimi wo zudomon. destroy the walls that block you. kuzuse. butsukaru kabe wo the passionate beat of your heart will be your weapon, so atsui kodou buki ni naru kara believe in your heart believe in your heart stinger surprise. flower cannon. hammer spark. hikari he's late. anomalocarimon is late. what is he doing. faster, zudomon. we have to save everyone before it's too late. i don't care anymore about the other two chosen children. metalseadramon is planning to burn down the entire beach hut with everyone in it. come on, hurry. taichi, pull yourself together. lilimon. sorasan. yamato. koushiro. wake up, everyone. what, what's going on. fire. hikari. takeru. are you okay. yeah six of the chosen children and their digimon are now dead. it's hot. it's hot.. anomalocarimon.. whwhat. they're gone. the six chosen children and their digimon are gone. anomalocarimon. what's the meaning of this. metalseadramonsama. wwell, that is er no excuses. it looks like metalseadramon left. everything's all right now. actually, it's not. she's right. what do you mean. what happened. ikkakumon and togemon weren't enough to beat anomalocarimon. they could only beat him after they had evolved into zudomon and lilimon. our chances of winning still aren't good if we fight against metalseadramon now. so it's just like piccolomon said even with the eight of us together, it's not enough to win could it be that the digimon's evolutions still have much to be worked on. what's that. metalseadramon. leave this to me. all of you ride on zudomon's back and get out of here. lilimon. idiots. you think you can escape from me in water. metalseadramon is gaining on us. hurry. run, zudomon. as if that'll happen. flower cannon. lilimon. palmon. here he comes. zudomon. ultimate stream. gomamon. we're saved. whamon will protect us within his body. you chosen children and your digimon you won't escape. original concept hongou akiyoshi  script urasawa yoshio  chief animation director kiyoyama shigetaka  episode director kawada takenori  voice talent yagami taichi  takenouchi sora  ishida yamato  izumi koushiro  tachikawa mimi  takaishi takeru  kido jyou  hikari  fujita toshiko  mizutani yuko  kazama yuuto  tenjin umi  maeda ai  konishi hiroko  kikuchi masami  araki kae  voice talent agumon  piyomon  gabumon  tentomon  palmon  patamon  gomamon  tailmon  sakamoto chika  shigematsu katori  yamaguchi mayumi  sakurai takahiro  mizowaki shihomi  matsumoto miwa  takeuchi junko  tokumitsu yuka  voice talent piemon  piccolomon  narration  ohtsuka chikao  tanonaka isamu  hirata hiroaki  translation onkeikun editing splash timing splash typesetting splash raws onkeikun karaoke timing mirrim splash karaoke styling j0hnny kaiserdragon encoding nitephire opening theme butterfly artist wada kouji  songwriter chiwata hidenori  composer chiwata hidenori  arranger watanabe cheru  insert song brave heart artist miyazaki ayumi  songwriter oomori sachiko  composer/arranger oota michihiko  ending theme keep on artist maeda ai  songwriter nk composer kine naoto  arrangers kine naoto & yuasa kouichi  saved by whamon, the children escape through the vast ocean. but the powers of darkness have already sent new pursuers after them. trying to throw them off his trail, whamon submerges to the ocean's deepest depths. overcoming danger, they finally arrive on shore where they find the master of the ocean metalseadramon's fangs waiting wide open for them. next time on digimon adventure: the silence of the ocean bottom. whamon. now the adventure evolves. the silence of the ocean bottom. whamon )