the chosen children finally defeated venomvamdemon. tokyo's greatest threat appeared to have been vanquished. but just then, earth was on the verge of being swallowed up by the powers of darkness. the chosen children returned to the battlefield once more to save both earth and the digimon world. the four kings of the evil mountain. dark masters the four kings of the evil mountain. dark masters. those fools wear masks of fear as they wait eternally in vain for peace and order to return. it is a wonderful sight. truly wonderful. i don't agree to these pathetic methods. we should kill them all in one blast. their flow of time is different from ours. we should use it to pick them off slowly one by one. like him. the chosen children will be returning soon. our time of boredom is over. now, let us leave the dressing room. the stage curtains are rising. the title is, "the end of the chosen children." are we back. i think so we should be. is it nighttime. looks that way. guys, look up there. hhokkaido.. is that earth. we're able to see earth from here, just like how we could see the digimon world on earth earlier. gomamon. what are you doing down there, gomamon. jyou. i'm over here. then who's this. jyou. koromon, evolve. agumon. tsunomon, evolve. motimon, evolve. tentomon. tokomon, evolve. patamon. pyocomon, evolve. wait. don't be scared. there's nothing to be scared of. i won't hurt you, so come out. it's chuumon. you're right. he's the chuumon we saw on file island. mimichan. palmon. thank goodness you came back hey, someone help me. oh no, i almost forgot. gomamon, lend me your hand. i can't climb back up on my own. when you say lend a "hand" this is. jjyou, climb up, quick. help me. grab on. come on, hurry up. whwhat's with this place. have you found gennaihan. i'm not able to get through to him yet. he looks more relieved after seeing your face, mimi. he must have been supporting himself purely on adrenaline. how sad. chuumon. mimichan it's really you. yes. what happened to you. where's your buddy sukamon. he's dead. after you guys left file island, we continued spending our days together peacefully as usual then one day, just out of nowhere sukamon. sukamon. the powers of darkness enveloped the world. and then, to make it easier for them to continue ruling in darkness they reshaped the entire world. reshaped the world. how. some places here and there are ruins of what they had once been, but most of it has been twisted up into that mountain. it's called "spiral mountain. " spiral mountain, is it. i can't believe the digimon world has changed so much what happened to the other digimon. i don't know. but i've heard that anyone who goes against them is defeated. against who. the dark masters. then those dark masters must be the ones we have to fight. fight.. no way, you'll never be able to beat them. we defeated vamdemon, you know. it'll be okay. as long as all eight of the chosen children are together, we can save the world. chosen children. i've been waiting for you. iit's metalseadramon. metalseadramon ultimate data cyborg digimon special attack ultimate stream metalseadramon. an ultimate level digimon whose entire body is made of chrome digizoid, the strongest metal in existence. he boasts of colossal power and rapid speed. how is it he can move so quickly with that huge body of his.. let's go, agumon. you got it. agumon, evolve. greymon. gabumon. i'm counting on you, piyomon. gabumon, evolve. garurumon. piyomon, evolve. birdramon. tentomon, evolve. kabuterimon. gomamon, evolve. ikkakumon. palmon, evolve. togemon. patamon, evolve. angemon. plotmon, evolve. tailmon. mega flame. meteor wing. fox fire. mega blaster. harpoon vulcan. chikuchiku bang bang. angemon. tailmon as if you can win against me. why. it's eight against one. metalseadramon is an ultimate level digimon. adult levels can't win against him, no matter how many there are. he's an ultimate level.. why does our first opponent have to be a powerful one. you're finished. ultimate stream. sora. takeru, are you hurt. i'm okay. thanks, angemon. what's wrong. there's something here. i'll go take a look. angemon. patamon. patamon, hang in there. he's another ultimate level digimon. mugendramon ultimate virus machine digimon special attack mugen cannon mugendramon. an ultimate level digimon who wields unbelievable power. his special attack is mugen cannon. greymon, superevolve. metalgreymon. garurumon, superevolve. weregarurumon. kabuterimon, superevolve. atlurkabuterimon. birdramon, superevolve. garudamon. togemon, superevolve. ikkakumon, superevolve. zudomon. tailmon, superevolve. angewomon. go get him. beat him to a pulp. but we can't win. mugen cannon.  angewomon. where are we. what's going on. what are you doing, weregarurumon. stop, garudamon. you're both friends. i'm not doing this on purpose. my body it's moving by itself. by itself. whwhat's going on. there are strings attached to us. we're being controlled. you finally figured it out. who are you. why don't you use your special little computer to find out. he's also an ultimate level. pinocchimon ultimate virus puppet digimon special attack bullet hammer pinocchimon. an ultimate level digimon who places number one for bad personality. his special attack is bullet hammer. why do these ultimate level digimon keep appearing one after the other. now fly to the last stage. you guys can join them. bullet hammer. oww hello, good children. let me tell you all a funny story today. a long, long time ago, there were eight chosen children and their digimon. those eight children and digimon were stupid enough to climb up spiral mountain, where they were killed by the dark masters. the end. what was that. that wasn't funny at all. i just told you what sort of destiny awaits you. you should be grateful. it's piemon. piemon ultimate virus demon man digimon special attack trump sword piemon. an ultimate level digimon who appears in unexpected places at unexpected times. his real identity is shrouded in mystery. there's no way we'll lose to you guys. agumon. gabumon, i'm counting on you. agumon, warpevolve. wargreymon. anyone can run and give up nigetari akirameru koto wa daremo gabumon, warpevolve. when given a second, so let's keep on walking instead isshun areba dekiru kara arukitsuzukeyou there's something only you can do kimi ni shika dekinai koto ga aru aoi hoshi ni metalgarurumon. so that this blue planet doesn't lose its light hikari ga nakusenu you ni seize the dreams you painted. tsukame. egaita yume wo protect your beloved friends. mamore. daiji na tomo wo go, wargreymon. show him what we're made of. then you can become stronger takumashii jibun ni nareru sa metalgarurumon. take him down and we save the world. unknown power dwells in your heart shiranai pawaa ga yadoru gaia force. when its fire is lit haato ni hi ga tsuitara even your wishes, it's true, donna negai mo uso ja nai cocytus breath. will surely be granted, so kitto kanau kara trump sword. show me your brave heart show me your brave heart nno way. we can't win even with two ultimate levels on our side. he's also an ultimate, isn't he. even if we are at the same level, you have only recently gained your new powers. you are greatly mistaken if you think that is all it will take to win. i'm sorry, taichi. permit me now to introduce the members that make up the dark masters. metalseadramon. mugendramon. pinocchimon. personally, i wish i could have had a little more fun with you. and myself, piemon. time flies in the blink of an eye when you're having fun. now then which one of you would like to die first. no no. i'm just an ordinary grade schooler. why do i have to die here. mimichan i wanted to dress up in fashionable clothes, and eat more yummy things, and then maybe go on a trip abroad, and then your whining is hurting my ears a bit. i think i'll start with you. chuumon, no, hang in there. mimichan when i'm reborn go on a date with me chuumon. what a stupid digimon. there's no need to cover for others when you will all end up dying anyway. damn it we'll never let you get away with this. well, who's next. pit bomb. piccolomon. we missed you. i did too, pi. you were able to approach us by creating a barrier that the enemy couldn't see. that's right pi. piccolomon. we came all this way believing that as long as the eight of us are together, we could save both our worlds. and yet. it's true that all eight of you are together pi, but that's not enough to win pi. what are we missing. tell us. unfortunately, we don't have that sort of time pi. found you. i'll stop them pi. head towards spiral mountain while i keep them busy pi. stop them. but they're all ultimate levels. i know that pi. even if i can't win, i can still put up a fight pi. then i'll fight with you. no, fool. you're the last hope for this world pi. i'm sure you'll be able to find, pi, what you are lacking. when you do, you will be invincible pi. now go, chosen children. you are piccolomon, aren't you. do you seriously believe that you, a perfect level, could win against us. say what you want. i'll make you pay pi. piccolomon is dead after paying a large sacrifice, the children finally arrived at spiral mountain. but their fight with the dark masters has only just begun. original concept hongou akiyoshi  script nishizono satoru  chief animation director naoi masahiro  episode director imazawa tetsuo  voice talent yagami taichi  takenouchi sora  ishida yamato  izumi koushiro  tachikawa mimi  takaishi takeru  kido jyou  hikari  fujita toshiko  mizutani yuko  kazama yuuto  tenjin umi  maeda ai  konishi hiroko  kikuchi masami  araki kae  voice talent agumon  piyomon  gabumon  tentomon  palmon  patamon  gomamon  tailmon  sakamoto chika  shigematsu katori  yamaguchi mayumi  sakurai takahiro  mizowaki shihomi  matsumoto miwa  takeuchi junko  tokumitsu yuka  voice talent piemon  pinocchimon  mugendramon  piccolomon  narration  ohtsuka chikao  kozakura etsuko  egawa hisao  tanonaka isamu  hirata hiroaki  translation onkeikun editing splash timing splash typesetting splash raws onkeikun karaoke timing mirrim splash karaoke styling j0hnny kaiserdragon encoding nitephire opening theme butterfly artist wada kouji  songwriter chiwata hidenori  composer chiwata hidenori  arranger watanabe cheru  insert song brave heart artist miyazaki ayumi  songwriter oomori sachiko  composer/arranger oota michihiko  ending theme keep on artist maeda ai  songwriter nk composer kine naoto  arrangers kine naoto & yuasa kouichi  the children arrive on the familiar shores of file island. but the land is already under the dark masters' control. tempted by the thought of food at a beach hut, taichi and the others fall into the enemy's trap. the only ones who are still safe are jyou and mimi. would zudomon and lilimon be enough to rescue everyone. next time on digimon adventure: the wild sea king. metalseadramon. now the adventure evolves. the wild sea king. metalseadramon )