a mysterious light suddenly emitted from hikari's body. it was the light of rejuvenation. the powers of their exhausted digimon were revived, but mugendramon's unmerciful attacks rendered even more victims. taichi and the others defeated mugendramon there is still the last dark master. a woman's fight. ladydevimon a woman's fight. ladydevimon. the city is disappearing. taichi and the others must have beaten another dark master. agumon and the others sure are working hard. that makes three down, right. now there's only one more left. that would be piemon. the last dark master who controls the darkness i've heard that he's the strongest of the dark masters. all right. in any case, we should gather more people before we meet up again with taichi. hey. stay back. you're too cold. you're too hot. man, what is wrong with you guys.. i'm tired i can't walk anymore i'm sleepy and i'm hungry. the princi mean, mimi is hungry, ribbit. wait right here, tama. we'll come back with food soon, tama. i didn't say that because i wanted you to serve me. we know, ribbit. don't worry about it, ribbit. we just want to make ourselves useful, tama. wait right here, tama. hey, i'll come with you. everyone is being really nice, don't you think. that's because they all like you, mimi. right. okay i think i'll take a nap. me, too. jyou. your face is red. whwhat are you talking about.. you must be seeing things. mimi. sorry for the wait, ribbit. wow. you even brought soda. oh, it's not cold. give that to me. here you go. sizzling. come get them while they're still hot. hey, you guys are good to have around. jyou. you don't have to force yourself to become a doctor. but dad wants me to be one dad has his own opinions. you've got to find your path on your own. just a dream um, ogremon. are you on watch duty. we can switch. me, switch with you. you sure you can handle it. hey, even someone like me can keep watch. really. okay, it's all yours. find my own path by myself, huh. yamato were you able to find it. your own path numemonsan. i will never forget what you've done for us. we'll do our best so you can be reborn safely in the village of beginnings. where are we. hey, look. how delightful to see the chosen children come this far. i should give them a nice reward for their efforts. piemonsama. please allow me to undertake that role. try not to be rude. give them the highest standard of our hospitality. as you wish. okay. we've slept well and we've eaten our fill let's move on with renewed energy. thank goodness. mimi is cheerful again. jyou, what's wrong. you look pretty serious. ooh, no it's nothing what is this place. this is the village of beginnings as it is now. how terrible. even the digieggs what's wrong, jyousenpai. just now, i thought i heardi knew it. hey, jyou. could that have been. yamato'slet's go. hey, what's the matter. all set. what are you doing, koushiro. well, take a look. whenever you are ready, andromon. understood. wow that's spiral mountain. nothing less from koushirohan. and the place we are located right now is up here. hey, that'swe're all the way at the top. remember what chuumon said. he said the dark masters live on the top of spiral mountain. then what we're seeing over there is their base. someone's here. be careful. welcome, you adorable little boys. i don't think i like that digimon. what's that digimon called. she is one of the nightmare soldiers. ladydevimon. you must be tired, you poor things. why don't you lie down and rest for eternity. koromon. koromon, evolve. agumon. baby flame. agumon. patamon, evolve. angemon. piyomon, evolve. birdramon. tentomon, evolve. kabuterimon. tailmon, superevolve. angewomon. i'll take good care of all of you. darkness wave. darkness wave. spiral sword. mega blaster. meteor wing. you think those attacks are enough against me. heaven's knuckle. holy arrow. okay, i'm joining themwait, not yet. you stay back, agumon. why, taichi. i can take her down in an instant at my ultimate level. koushiro, can you look up her data. ookay. ladydevimon perfect virus fallen angel digimon special attack darkness wave poison ladydevimon. a female fallen angel digimon. she's a perfect level. her special attack, darkness wave, unleashes a countless number of bats that destroy her opponents. a perfect level all right. sora and takeru, i want you to go with birdramon and angemon to find yamato and the others and bring them back. but they're fighting right now. mega bla. meteor wi. the rest of our digimon should be able to take her down. and if the situation calls for it, we always have wargreymon as our trump card. i'm a trump card. what's important to keep in mind is that, if this place really is their base, then we're coming closer to facing the last dark master. piemon. yeah. he should be there. we don't know when he'll show up, and that's a problem. what we do know, though, is that he's incredibly strong. so before piemon shows up, you want us to bring oniichan and the others here, right. it is exactly as taichisan says. i'm surprised that he has thought that far ahead. it's just like soccer. i figured it out after yamato, mimichan, and jyou left just fighting with reckless abandon like i'd used to isn't enough. we can't allow ourselves to make any more sacrifices. taichi holy arrow. leave this to me. we're counting on you. now you're in for it. those words you've just said, taichi i'll be sure to pass them along to yamatokun, mimichan, and jyousenpai. okay. hurry. it was you. i was so sure it was someone else now that the village of beginnings is in shambles, i've lost my purpose in life. say. how are takeru and patamon doing. are they well. yyeah, they are. both of them are fine. we're just working separately from them for now. i see. that's good to hear. hey. why don't you come with us. the village won't turn back to normal until we beat the dark masters, right. neither will the digieggs. we're gathering up comrades for that purpose. bbeat the dark masters. that's a pretty amazing thing you're thinking about. we're not just thinking about it. we've already begun to oppose them. takeru and patamon are fighting, too. takeru and patamon, too. i see. then i can't lose face to them. i'm coming along. you guys look like you need all the help you can get, anyway. say that again. by the way, that harmonica you're holding this. i found it lying on the beach here. you found it. can i take a look. it does belong to yamato. then he must be around here. up ahead is maybe he swam. now that you mention it i saw a swan boat leaving from here last night. i thought it was one of the nightmare soldiers fooling around, though. a swan boat. that clinches it. it must have been yamato. hey, mimikun. what. we've gathered a lot of friends who will help us, so you'll be okay without having me and gomamon around, right. what do you mean. are you going somewhere, jyousenpai. i'm going after yamato. then we should all go together. no. only gomamon and i will go. why. everyone should take their own path. our own path. your path is to find more digimon who will join us. taichi's path, along with the others, is to continue the fightbut no, we can't let them keep it up alone. i have to fight as well. but i'm not that strong, and there's no way gomamon will become his ultimate level. so, that made me think the two of us will only drag the others down if we stayed with them. but there must be something out there that only i can do. i'm sure yamato grew aware of that, too. that's why i'm going after him. er, so, that's what i had in mind, but do you think it's a good idea. of course it is. it's what you decided, jyou. jyousenpai let him go. he may not look like it, but the guy's got plenty of backbone. good for you, jyou. yeah darkness wave. come on, come on, come on. kabuterimon, superevolve. atlurkabuterimon. are you okay. let me go. it's on now, bitch. what's it to you.. anyone can run and give up nigetari akirameru koto wa daremo uum women are pretty scary when they're angry when given a second, so let's keep on walking instead isshun areba dekiru kara arukitsuzukeyou don't lose to her. get her. take her down. there's something only you can do kimi ni shika dekinai koto ga aru aoi hoshi ni don't get full of yourself. so that this blue planet doesn't lose its light hikari ga nakusenu you ni i've got you now. darkness spear. seize the dreams you painted. tsukame. egaita yume wo hey, time out. get out of my way right now. protect your beloved friends. mamore. daiji na tomo wo er, i'm sorry. then you can become stronger takumashii jibun ni nareru sa playtime is over. prepare yourself. whatever. unknown power dwells in your heart shiranai pawaa ga yadoru heaven's charm. when its fire is lit haato ni hi ga tsuitara ppiemonsama. even your wishes, it's true, donna negai mo uso ja nai will surely be granted, so kitto kanau kara all right. show me your brave heart show me your brave heart koushirohan. you don't see any marks on my back, do you. someone's coming. it's piemon. the last dark master. all right. go get him, agumon. okay, taichi. agumon, warpevolve. wargreymon. be careful. he's tough. the last dark master has finally appeared. will yamato and the others be able to make it back in time. original concept hongou akiyoshi  script maekawa atsushi  chief animation director nobuzane setsuko  episode director kakudou hiroyuki  voice talent yagami taichi  takenouchi sora  ishida yamato  izumi koushiro  tachikawa mimi  takaishi takeru  kido jyou  hikari  fujita toshiko  mizutani yuko  kazama yuuto  tenjin umi  maeda ai  konishi hiroko  kikuchi masami  araki kae  voice talent agumon  piyomon  gabumon  tentomon  palmon  patamon  gomamon  tailmon  sakamoto chika  shigematsu katori  yamaguchi mayumi  sakurai takahiro  mizowaki shihomi  matsumoto miwa  takeuchi junko  tokumitsu yuka  voice talent piemon  ogremon  andromon  elecmon  ladydevimon  narration  ohtsuka chikao  egawa hisao  yanada kiyoyuki  takato yasuhiro  nagano ai  hirata hiroaki  translation onkeikun editing splash timing splash typesetting splash raws onkeikun karaoke timing mirrim splash karaoke styling j0hnny kaiserdragon encoding nitephire opening theme butterfly artist wada kouji  songwriter chiwata hidenori  composer chiwata hidenori  arranger watanabe cheru  insert song brave heart artist miyazaki ayumi  songwriter oomori sachiko  composer/arranger oota michihiko  ending theme keep on artist maeda ai  songwriter nk composer kine naoto  arrangers kine naoto & yuasa kouichi  the last dark master, piemon. wargreymon faces him alone, but is reduced to shreds before his incredible strength. wargreymon is in jeopardy. now is the time to combine everyone's powers. yamato. mimi. jyou. where did all of you go. next time on digimon adventure: the clown from hell, piemon. now the adventure evolves. the clown from hell, piemon )