jyou and the others finally defeated metaletemon after a fierce battle, but they sacrificed leomon in order to do so. meanwhile, taichi and his group at last defeated the second dark master, pinocchimon. however, yamato still refused to rejoin them and left them once again. orders to bomb. mugendramon orders to bomb. mugendramon. hikari. her cold must have come back. they do say summer colds are hard to get rid of. hikari are you okay. why didn't you say something before. i bet you haven't been feeling that great for a while now. because if we don't hurry, our world willhikari maybe maybe we shouldn't have brought hikari with us after all. we can't save either the digimon world or earth without hikarisan's help. she's a chosen child just like us. but she's still in second grade and she just got over her first cold takeru is in second grade, too what's wrong, taichisan. it's nothing. it's justshe tends to keep quiet and endure things when she doesn't have to, you know. taichisan koushirohan. i've found something. look, over there. it's america. this area is italy. now it's the arc de triomphe. that's in france. but i don't see any signs of people down there. this feels weird. no digimon either. hey. can you find some place where we can rest. okay. hey, taichi. is this it. all right. that's what i'm talking about. you found the cold medicine. take that cold out cold. sneezing, runny nose, & nasal congestion i see we'll go out to look for some. how is hikari doing. she just fell asleep. i can only hope the sweating will help to lower her fever yeah. well, take good care of her for me. be careful, taichi. taichisan. i'll go with you to look for her cold medicine. no, i want you to stay with them, takeru. we don't know when the dark masters will attack us next. okay then. i'll make sure to protect everyone. leave it to us. you're the man. medicine, medicine where do we find medicine. what are you doing, koushiro. there it is. we'll only be wasting time if we searched without any leads. all right. i've got a map of the city. sso, where do we find cold medicine. the closest hospitals and drug stores around here are here they are. all right then. let's go to this one. taichi. pplease wait for me. the line has disconnected. mugendramonsama. the children were looking up information on hospitals and drug stores. hospitals. drug stores. display their locations. yes, sir. there are twelve located within the vicinity. all of them will be our targets. metal empire army. move out. metal empire army. move out. metal empire army. move out. huh. taichi, where did they take hikari.. i've found it. it's this way. which one is cold medicine. if only we had jyousan here. his father is a doctor. man, he's never around when you really need him. i have an idea. someone has accessed the network within our first target area. restrict our target to the first location. prepare to attack. keyword search: common cold medicine code form/color effects grain/ white pill/ white pill/ yellow grain/ white temporarily relieves/reduces sneezing, runny nose, nasal congestion, chills, fever, and other cold symptoms temporarily relieves/reduces sneezing, runny nose, nasal congestion, chills, fever, and other cold symptoms temporarily relieves/reduces sneezing, runny nose, nasal congestion, chills, fever, and other cold symptoms temporarily relieves/reduces sneezing, runny nose, nasal congestion, chills, fever, and other cold symptoms is this the one. yes, i'm sure of it. all right. then let's hurrywhwhat's this. iit's the enemy. mechanorimon adult virus machine digimon special attack twinkle beam mechanorimon. an adult level, machinetype digimon. its special attack, twinkle beam, is shot from its linear lens. twinkle beam. tankmon adult data cyborg digimon special attack hyper cannon tankmon. it uses its heavyweight power and the assortment of weapons all over its body to blast its enemies to pieces. its special attack, hyper cannon, is shot from the gun barrel on its head. how did they know we were in here.. maybe they spotted us when we walked in. damn it. just when we found the medicine. twinkle beam. hyper cannon. in here. how many of them are out there. all right i'll go and deal with them. please wait. we don't have an accurate idea of their fighting strength. then what do you expect us to do, koushiro.. i'm investigating where the enemy is positioned, so that i can map a safe route for us to travel. our top priority is to make sure we get that medicine to her, after all. yyeah you're right. all right. i've pinpointed their locations. really. mugendramonsama. an access point has been spotted in sector b12. change the location of our target. sector b12. what's wrong, koushiro. the enemy they're surrounding this building what. it can't be they're tracing us from my access to the network taichi. agumon, evolve. greymon. mega flame. this is wearisome to watch. he never lets down his guard nor shows signs of weakness. truly, he is a digimon who exists only to destroy. that is mugendramon. i suppose it is he who will bring the chosen children to their doom. it's a shame i won't have the chance to play with you. adios. greymon, superevolve. metalgreymon. even your wishes, it's true, donna negai mo uso ja nai will surely be granted, so kitto kanau kara show me your brave heart show me your brave heart we've lost our target. they've escaped again. i was careless. the enemy located us by using the signal from my computer connection. being careless is no excuse. while we're stuck in here, hikari is. hikari is. hhey, taichihan. what's wrong with you. this isn't like you, taichi. ii'm sorry. did something happen, taichisan. she almost died once because of me. i was in second grade at the time, and hikari was in kindergarten. on that day, she stayed at home because she had a cold. i'm home. but when i got back, she was sitting up and watching tv. i thought she must've gotten better, so i took her outside to play with me. here i go. catch. hey you have to kick it right. i told you that hikari was sick. no visitors yagami hikari i made her cold so bad that she was barely alive for three days. when she was finally brought back from the hospital, the first thing she said to me was oniichan i'm sorry i couldn't kick the ball very well that's the kind of girl she is. she's always thinking about other people before herself, and she'll never tell anyone that she's in pain or having a hard time, even if it kills her. the thing is, she might not have even wanted to come to this stupid world at all but when people tell her that the fate of the world is in her hands or something, she could never refuse. taichisan that's why that's why i'm supposed to look after her and protect her bbut i since it's impossible to break through them headon, let's use the enemy's own strategy to our advantage. what do you mean, koushirohan. this software program will prevent them from finding out where i'm accessing. if i use this, i'm sure we'll be able to deceive the enemy. we've caught their access point. ththis is what should we do now, mugendramonsama. what are these. they indicate where the enemy is located. they're not moving. they can't, because they don't know where we are. the plan worked. just wait, hikari. i'm bringing meds to you right now. initiate plan z as of this moment. bbut that plan is. defeating the chosen children is our utmost priority. prepare the execution at once. yyes, sir. prepare to execute plan z. prepare to execute plan z. plan z execute. genocide attack. what are they doing. they're shooting all over the place. iit can't be megadramon perfect virus cyborg digimon special attack genocide attack megadramon. he is one of the most powerful among all of the perfect level, dragontype digimon. the organic missiles he shoots from both hands, genocide attack, burns everything to the ground. gigadramon perfect virus cyborg digimon special attack genocide gear gigadramon. a cyborgtype, dark dragon digimon whose destructive power and speed surpass megadramon's. his special attack is genocide gear. it appears my plan has backfired. what do you mean. the enemy has stopped searching for us. instead, they're leveling down the entire city with us in it. yyou can't be serious. bombing of sectors a1 and a2 completed. megadramon and gigadramon have begun bombing down sector a3. the chosen children have yet to be found. it's megadramon. he's heading towards where the others are. damn it hikari. thank goodness. they're still safe. that can't be nno hikari. hikari... another missile. angemon. taichisan, are you okay. hikari. you're all safe. we went for cover as soon as the bombing started. taichisan. i was able to protect everyone. great job, takeru. mugendramon. run for it. now you are finished, chosen children. mugen cannon. oniichan.. hikari.. unable to stand before mugendramon's might, the children fell towards the bottom of hell, where darkness reigned supreme. original concept hongou akiyoshi  script nishizono satoru  chief animation director yajima yoshitaka  episode director shibata hiroki  voice talent yagami taichi  takenouchi sora  izumi koushiro  takaishi takeru  hikari  fujita toshiko  mizutani yuko  tenjin umi  konishi hiroko  araki kae  voice talent agumon  piyomon  tentomon  patamon  tailmon  sakamoto chika  shigematsu katori  sakurai takahiro  matsumoto miwa  tokumitsu yuka  voice talent piemon  mugendramon  narration  ohtsuka chikao  egawa hisao  hirata hiroaki  translation onkeikun editing splash timing splash typesetting splash raws onkeikun karaoke timing mirrim splash karaoke styling j0hnny kaiserdragon encoding nezucho opening theme butterfly artist wada kouji  songwriter chiwata hidenori  composer chiwata hidenori  arranger watanabe cheru  insert song brave heart artist miyazaki ayumi  songwriter oomori sachiko  composer/arranger oota michihiko  ending theme keep on artist maeda ai  songwriter nk composer kine naoto  arrangers kine naoto & yuasa kouichi  awaken and find yourself in pure darkness. warmth of an unforgettable heart. impatience a mysterious underground maze. sorrow of those who are whipped to their knees. terror a shadow lurks after them. hope a radiance that illuminates the darkness. fear of yourself, who is changing. next time on digimon adventure: goodbye, numemon. now the adventure evolves. goodbye, numemon )