taichi and the others defeated the last of the dark masters, piemon. however, they only had a short time to celebrate before the arrival of gennai's devastating email. apparently our real enemy isn't the dark masters. then who's our real enemy. their real enemy was a creature whose very existence created the distortions of the digimon world, and the children learned that the dark masters only came to power due to those distortions. their battle was not over yet. the last evil digimon the last evil digimon. sora. koushiro. hikari. jyou. we've stopped. taichi. are you okay. yeah. where could we be. this darkness is probably endless. gennaisan. hey, what's the deal. we defeated the dark masters. but you haven't beaten the source that has brought forth all of the evil in the first place. this source of evil came from the wall of fire. the wall of fire. inscriptions were found on the walls of the ancient dino region, and this is what they say. "long ago, something appeared from the other side of the wall of fire, which is located deep within the digital world. " "solely by existing, this creature has warped the fabric of spacetime, and it had almost brought this world to total destruction. " "the digimon could not beat it with their own power, and so they called on chosen children from the real world to help them eliminate it. " there were chosen children before us. then the reason why we were brought here is because something came out of that wall of fire again, right. and that's our real enemy. there was also a prophecy written among the inscriptions in the ancient dino region. it said that, before long, a large darkness will enter this world from the wall of fire once again. a large darkness you mean this darkness. are you saying this darkness is the enemy's real form. you could say that. but i'm sure it also has a physical body. fight with caution, children. wait, don't go. how do we fight when we don't even know what we're fighting. what did he mean anyway. is this creature different from the digimon that we've fought before. its existence itself is likely to be fundamentally different from what we are used to. we can still win. children just like us defeated the same creature a long time ago. you're right. there must be a way. whose voice is that. it's creepy. it sounds like it's coming from everywhere. it's it's saying something. yes. listen to the lingering remnants of our regrets. regrets. this is the digimon that appeared from the wall of fire. what the hell is that thing. apocalymon ultimate attribute unknown type unknown special attack total darkness  apocalymon. a mysterious digimon whose true identity is shrouded completely in darkness. no it's not verified if this creature even is a digimon. its special attack is darkness zone, which turns everything into nothingness. what is that. mimichan. do you consider me ugly. it's true, isn't it. that is what you are thinking, isn't it. we are, after all, the ones who were thwarted through the evolution process. the evolution process. digimon have continued to evolve again and again throughout the years. did you know that there were some among them who disappeared. it is inevitable for some species to disappear during the evolution process. if they aren't able to adapt to their environmentsilence. "inevitable." you think that single word can put an end to this entire matter.. what are you getting at. are you saying that we have no right to live. no, i'd neveryes. we are the digimon who have disappeared through the evolution process the resultant buildup of thoughts that have cursed our sad and hateful fates. you were created from the dark hearts of the digimon who disappeared. dear chosen children and your dear digimon. we have been looking forward to meeting all of you. what. what do you mean. listen. while we lay buried within a deep darkness of utter coldness and sorrow, you were on the other side, enjoying yourselves and laughing happily in the warm light. why.. is everyone okay. yeah, i'll manage. we're okay, taichi. what have we done to deserve this.. why must we weep tears of grief while you enjoy cheerful laughter.. no, i don't want to see this. we, too, have tears that flow from our eyes and feelings that flow from our hearts. just who decided that we were to be deprived of this world and consigned to oblivion.. we wanted to live. we wanted to live and speak of friendship, justice, and love. we wanted to use this body to be helpful to this world. are you saying that this world has no need for us. that we are meaningless.. it has selfregenerative abilities. then we shall rule this world. we shall make this place belong to us. all who get in our way will die. may the light be forever cursed where it shines. ultimate stream. hikari. angewomon. kind and gentle children. that was a sign of our friendship. the next is bloody stream. lilimon. mugen cannon. could it behe can use all of the attacks of the digimon we've met. but then that means we have to face the combined powers of every digimon we've ever fought. does that mean we can't win.. guys. don't let that thing get to you. get back into position. we just have to work together. that's right. we can't pull back anymore. you haven't seen yet just how terrible i can really be. death evolution. i'll make you understand what we felt as we disappeared through the evolution process. no way. everyone turned back takeru, i'm sorry. it's not your fault, patamon. but we can't win like this. don't give up. it's okay. we can still fight. if we just evolve again that's right. evolve one more time, guys. leave it to us. i'm a little hungry, though it's okay. just put some spirit into it. we're counting on you, everyone. death claw. our crests. they're destroyed now we can't make them evolve. i see you are beginning to understand the despair we had felt from being unable to evolve. uunbelievable our crests are gone. how can we win against him if we can't evolve. how can we win against him if we can't evolve. we just can't. with the combined powers of all the digimon at his command, he's the strongest enemy we've ever faced. child level digimon will never defeat him, no matter how hard they try. that can't be. there's gotta be a way. how did the chosen children before us defeat their enemy. our bodies are being taken apart and turned into electronic data. what.. then what is going to happen to us.. where are we. the world of information. all of us have been broken down into data. can we be unbroken down.. i don't know. what will happen to us if we can't turn back.. are we finished.. i don't know. it's the first time this has ever happened to me. what should we do.. have we lost. is everything over. don't get discouraged. agumon i'll fight to the bitter end. so don't lose hope. that's right. there were many times when we thought it was all over, but we always stuck together and fought through it. yes, but we've been disintegrated into data. forget about beating the enemy, we don't even know if we can turn back into our human forms again. even if we did, they can't evolve without our crests. this has never happened before. how does one deal with having one's data dissolved. no one knows. then tell me, koushirohan, did you always know how to win in all of the battles you've faced. that's right. there's always a lot of firsts in an adventure. we never knew what we had to do during all those other times. you're right. i didn't know anything about this digimon world. there was always something one after the other that almost made my heart stop. but because of you and everyone else, jyou, we were able to squeeze through it together. yeah at first, all i could think about was getting out of this place as soon as i could but ever since i got here, i've experienced so many things that i wouldn't have found out through textbooks. gokigen na chou ni natte kirameku kaze ni notte i'll become a cheerful butterfly that rides on the glittering wind there were things that i didn't like and things that made me cry, but ima sugu kimi ni ai ni ikou and come see you right now. are you glad that we became friends. i feel that i've become stronger because i've met all of you. yokei na koto nante wasureta hou ga mashi sa it's best to forget the unnecessary things until i met you, takeru, i thought i didn't need to evolve. kore ijyou shareteru jikan wa nai theres no time left to be fooling around. but nani ga wow wow kono sora ni todoku no darou i wonder, wow wow, what i can do to reach these skies. me, too. because i've met you, patamon, i think i understand now how important it is to fight. dakedo wow wow ashita no yotei mo wakaranai but, wow wow, i don't even know what my plans are for tomorrow. you've always been so sweet to me, sora. piyomon. that part of you is what everyone loves about you. mugendai na yume no ato no nanimo nai yononaka jya in this world of nothingness that arises out of an infinite dream, koushirohan. i've learned a lot by being with you. sou sa, itoshii omoi mo makesou ni naru kedo it seems as though our beloved desires will lose, well, there were a few times i felt hurt when you never saw past your laptop. stay shigachi na imeeji darake no tayorinai tsubasa demo but even with these unreliable wings, covered in images that tend to stay tentomon. but that's still another part of you that i like. kitto toberu sa, on my love i'm sure we can fly, on my love yamato you don't have to say anything. hey, taichi. when we're together, we're invincible, right. you got it. we can't let ourselves be defeated here. if we do, then what was the point of my search for hikari all this time. tailmon. i've been waiting so long for the day when i could meet you and protect you, hikari. if i hadn't met tailmon if i hadn't come to the digimon world if i hadn't gone on an adventure with everyone else we wouldn't be who we are today. you're right. because our digimon were always with us because our friends were with us because we understood the importance of helping each other out we were able to stay true to ourselves. mugendai na yume no ato no nanimo nai yononaka jya in this world of nothingness that arises out of an infinite dream, keep it up. for earth. you children are our pride. you can do it. sou sa, itoshii omoi mo makesou ni naru kedo it seems as though our beloved desires will lose, that's right. stay shigachi na imeeji darake no tayorinai tsubasa demo but even with these unreliable wings, covered in images that tend to stay we can't let things end here. we can't let our adventures go to waste. for our encounter with our digimon and the friendships we've made kitto toberu sa, on my love i'm sure we can fly, on my love and for the sake of those we love, who are waiting for us back on earth we us all of us we will never look back anymore. we won't let the light within our hearts die out. this is. your crests. the symbols that were carved on your crests were actually the symbols of your hearts. our hearts. just like the knowledge inside of me and the sincerity within jyousan if we continue to act upon the special qualities of our hearts, then our crests are unnecessary to us. no, you're wrong. it isn't the friendship inside of me that suddenly started glowing. all of your friendship gathered inside me, and that's what caused my crest of friendship to glow. one crest is for everyone and everyone's crest is for one. then the light inside of me is for everyone. tailmon, superevolve. angewomon. and everyone's hopes are my hopes. patamon, evolve. angemon. angemon, superevolve. holyangemon. anyone can run and give up nigetari akirameru koto wa daremo tentomon, evolve. when given a second, so let's keep on walking instead isshun areba dekiru kara arukitsuzukeyou kabuterimon. kabuterimon, superevolve. there's something only you can do kimi ni shika dekinai koto ga aru aoi hoshi ni atlurkabuterimon. palmon, evolve. so that this blue planet doesn't lose its light hikari ga nakusenu you ni togemon. togemon, superevolve. seize the dreams you painted. tsukame. egaita yume wo protect your beloved friends. mamore. daiji na tomo wo lilimon. sincerity. then you can become stronger takumashii jibun ni nareru sa gomamon, evolve. ikkakumon. unknown power dwells in your heart shiranai pawaa ga yadoru ikkakumon, superevolve. when its fire is lit haato ni hi ga tsuitara even your wishes, it's true, donna negai mo uso ja nai zudomon. will surely be granted, so kitto kanau kara piyomon, evolve. show me your brave heart show me your brave heart birdramon. birdramon, superevolve. garudamon. gabumon, warpevolve. seize the brighter tomorrow. tsukame. mabushii asu wo protect the ones you love. mamore. ai suru hito wo metalgarurumon. then you can become stronger takumashii jibun ni nareru sa break down your weak self. kowase. yowaki na kimi wo destroy the walls that block you. kuzuse. butsukaru kabe wo agumon, warpevolve. the passionate beat of your heart will be your weapon, so atsui kodou buki ni naru kara believe in your heart believe in your heart wargreymon. what.. we're not gonna let you have your way. original concept hongou akiyoshi  script yoshimura genki  chief animation director ebisawa yukio  episode director shibata hiroki  voice talent yagami taichi  takenouchi sora  ishida yamato  izumi koushiro  tachikawa mimi  takaishi takeru  kido jyou  hikari  fujita toshiko  mizutani yuko  kazama yuuto  tenjin umi  maeda ai  konishi hiroko  kikuchi masami  araki kae  voice talent agumon  piyomon  gabumon  tentomon  palmon  patamon  gomamon  tailmon  sakamoto chika  shigematsu katori  yamaguchi mayumi  sakurai takahiro  mizowaki shihomi  matsumoto miwa  takeuchi junko  tokumitsu yuka  voice talent apocalymon  gennai  narration  ohtsuka chikao  yanami jouji  hirata hiroaki  translation onkeikun editing splash timing splash typesetting splash raws onkeikun karaoke timing mirrim splash karaoke styling j0hnny kaiserdragon encoding nitephire opening theme butterfly artist wada kouji  songwriter chiwata hidenori  composer chiwata hidenori  arranger watanabe cheru  insert song brave heart artist miyazaki ayumi  songwriter oomori sachiko  composer/arranger oota michihiko  ending theme keep on artist maeda ai  songwriter nk composer kine naoto  arrangers kine naoto & yuasa kouichi  overflowing light. a downpour of life. a gentle wind. feelings that cannot be put into words. promises exchanged. the melody left echoing within the heart. now, after conquering many adventures, the children face their last challenge and fight for the future they imagine. placing full belief in tomorrow. the last episode on digimon adventure: a new world. a new world now the adventure evolves. )