both the children and vamdemon searched desperately for the eighth child. the secret battles between vamdemon and the chosen children within tokyo have begun. but where could the digivice belonging to the eighth child have gone. around this time, vamdemon established his headquarters in tokyo and began his furtive takeover. the bonds of fate. tailmon the bonds of fate. tailmon. i'm back. welcome home. you're late. i'll get that. hey, yagami residence. hello. did you find the eighth child. no, i didn't get any luck at all. no one else besides us moved from hikarigaoka. that can't be. there should be one. but i've called everyone in all of the phone books. the only phone book we haven't touched yet is yours, taichi. oh, i see i wonder where i put that thing it's our only lead now, so make sure you find it. okay, i got it. what are you doing. i can't find my student phone book. oniichan always makes a mess in his room. tailmon was watching taichi and his family on top of the building across from them. although she suspected that hikari was the eighth child, tailmon could not attack her. come here. are you going already. why. why wasn't i able to kill her as easily as i should have. a pet cat, huh. she has it so easy. she's given her food and she takes naps all day. sometimes she'll pay attention to her owners. that's right, i am being cynical. i never had anyone who accepted me for who i was. when i was in my child form plotmon, i was pushed around by vamdemon every day. and whenever something went wrong, he'd always i'll make you suffer the same pain every time you look at me with those eyes. understand. even as i became more skilled, he'd still knock me to the ground every day. just because he didn't like my eyes. this is a scar that vamdemon gave me. i was born with these eyes, i can't help it. where was i born anyway. what was i doing before i met vamdemon. i can't remember. thinking of old times. i've told you to stop reading my mind without my permission. sorry. that's not what i meant to do. hurry and find the eighth child, wizarmon. yes, i know. no reaction at all. it's glowing. but why here. the digivice. hey, wizarmon. what are you doing over there. oh, nothing. i don't think doing nothing would've led you here. you found something, didn't you. well, i guess i can't hide it now. what. this world is more entertaining than i thought it would be. i ended up getting drunk. not you, too. if you keep that up, you'll be wiped out just like pumpmon and gotsumon. please don't tell vamdemonsama about this. okay. yeah, yeah. geez, all of tailmon's friends are useless dolts. i can't hand this digivice over to vamdemon. but if the digivice is here, where is the eighth child. in continuation, tokyo is flooded with eyewitness reports on these mysterious, large animals, with the most recent spotting in shibuya center. what's more, a large number of young women with acute anemia have been found collapsed on shibuya's streets, and investigation on whether these two cases are related is now in progress. and now for the weather. acute anemia. i'll get it. oh, yamato. did you see the tv. i didn't have to, i was there in shibuya. then it was you they mentioned on tv. vamdemon attacked us. he even killed his own subordinates. what.. taichi, he's really dangerous. we can't tell what he'll do next. we need to find the eighth child quick. the eighth child is dead if we don't find him before vamdemon does. is that you, wizarmon. have you found the eighth child. no, i haven't, but but what. the digivice. why do you have that. i found it in a crow's nest in ariake forest. then the eighth child must be near there. the eighth child is the eighth child is. well tailmon. i think the eighth child could be somewhere deep inside your heart. inside my heart. your heart is put under tight locks and kept prisoner. i think perhaps the key to finding the eighth child is hidden within that closed heart of yours. are you scared of retrieving the memories of your younger self. why aren't you trying to remember. take back the memories you've lost. remember your past without fear. you did vamdemon send you here.. i fight alongside you. vamdemon has nothing to do with this. before i met you, i was always alone. i traveled alone, unable to make any friends. i was starving, tired, and full of loneliness even when i collapsed, no one stopped to help me. i thought my death would come all too soon until you came. hey, what's wrong. hey. hang in there. you're awake. were you the one who saved me. i didn't do anything that noble. i just couldn't leave you lying there. i'll be leaving now. your body won't be able to withstand it yet. i'm grateful for your help, but i have nothing to give you in return. i see. you've lived a long time being alone. what. when you live too long in solitude, your heart becomes cold. it happens to everyone. even me. i don't remember that. i was about to die with a heart of stone due to my loneliness. the one who freed me from that loneliness, tailmon was you. yes i remember that this is what you told me back then. i've always been waiting waiting and searching, but i never find her. waiting. searching. for who. i don't know. i don't remember anymore but i was waiting for someone. waiting. me. yes, that's what you said. who was it i was waiting for. who was i looking for. meeko. where are you going, meeko. you can't come out here this late. stay inside. let's set things straight. you're i am wizarmon. yyou're flying. you're the one i saw this afternoon. you came back. you really are one of koromon's friends, right. what's that. what. is this girl the eighth chosen child. yes. then who's her digimon. think back. who were you waiting for. yes i do remember waiting for someone. ever since i was in my baby form, nyaromon, i was waiting for someone. day in and day out i waited, and waited, and waited but no one ever came. when i became plotmon, i went on a journey to find her instead of passively waiting. but the one who appeared in my path was not who i was waiting for. it was vamdemon. then the days of despair began, and before i knew it, i'd forgotten i forgot that i was waiting for someone searching for someone what are you talking about. this eighth chosen child you're talking about, do you mean me. someone's out there talking to hikari. what. who's there.. digimon. oniichan. what are you doing to hikari. wait. listen to us first. hikari. get away from them. those guys are evil. no, you're wrong. tailmon was looking for the eighth child and look out. stop. tailmon. tailmon. i'm okay. this is nothing. tailmon protected hikari now do you remember the memories that you've locked away. yes. i was waiting for the eighth chosen child. hikari. i was waiting for you. waiting for me. i was looking for you everywhere. hikari. tailmon oniichan, tailmon is my digimon. tailmon is hikari's digimon. yes. hikari is the eighth chosen child. and i'm her digimon. i swear i'll protect her. tailmon. even if what you say is true, who is this guy. he's my friend. he's also the one who found the digivice. you think i can just believe that. i don't care if you believe it or not. i only follow after tailmon. here. you should hold onto the digivice. why give taichi the digivice. if vamdemon finds out that hikari is the eighth chosen child and tailmon is her digimon, both of them will be in danger. as long as you have it, both of them are safe. okay. i'll hold onto this. so, what are you going to do now. hikari needs her crest. the real one. this is a copy we used to find hikari's digivice. vamdemon has hikari's real crest. we have to take it back. you guys will wait here. wait. where is vamdemon located. i'll go with you. no. it's too dangerous. tailmon. they left. will those guys be all right on their own. hikari's real crest is within vamdemon's secret base. he should be hiding it in his room. wait. vamdemonsama is out for dinner. no one is allowed to enter until he comes back at dawn. we came here to switch shifts. huh. what was i doing here again. you were going to switch with us and go home to sleep, remember. oh yeah. see you. wait. don't forget to leave us the key. oh yeah, the key. here. thank you. take care of the rest. where's the crest. wizarmon, we have to hurry. no need to rush. there's still time left before dawn. could it be inside here. here it is. it's the real crest. what are you doing in here. nothing. it seems you're searching for something. mind if i help you. what are you planning to do after stealing the real crest. betray me, is that it. wizarmon. i'm okay. those eyes. it's those eyes again. they're like a sword pointed in my direction. but did you think a small thing like you could do something against me. did you think i would forgive traitors. i haven't betrayed you. i've never sided with anyone but tailmon from the start. fools. night raid. pull yourself together, wizarmon. playing a game of beautiful friendship, are we. say that again.. since you get along so well, i'll allow you to die together. thunder cloud. what's that. tailmon and the others are fighting. will they be okay. agumon, we're joining them. yeah. wait, i'll go too. it's dangerous, so you stay here. you should know the consequences of angering me. thunder cloud. bloody stream. i'll finish you off first, wizarmon. stop. if you're going to kill someone, vamdemon, kill me instead. those eyes again. they're not merely reflecting your hostility. they shine with the light of hope. the light that holds belief in your dreams. that's right. i've managed to live this long because of my belief. because of mutual trust. devoted friendship. such fleeting dreams only show what a fool you really are. there is no place for dreams in this world. as long as i keep believing, my dreams and hopes will continue to exist. in order to make my dreams a reality i will defeat you. what. if i don't beat you, i won't be able to regain my true self. regain your true self. you can't be the eighth digimon.. if that's true, then that changes everything. i'll send your beloved friend to hell first. night raid. wizarmon. wizarmon. tailmon. wizarmon we've come to help, tailmon. taichi. mega flame. it's an honor to see you appear before me voluntarily. bloody stream. evolve, greymon. greymon, superevolve. metalgreymon. anyone can run and give up nigetari akirameru koto wa daremo go, metalgreymon. when given a second, so let's keep on walking instead isshun areba dekiru kara arukitsuzukeyou giga destroyer. there's something only you can do kimi ni shika dekinai koto ga aru aoi hoshi ni did you think such childish tricks would work against me. so that this blue planet doesn't lose its light hikari ga nakusenu you ni he's tired from the endless battles we've fought. hang in there, agumon. if a chosen child purposefully came all this way here, then that must mean that tailmon really is the eighth digimon. whwhat are you talking about. i'm not the eighth digimon. i'll know that for certain soon enough. what do you mean. i'll use tailmon as bait to lure out the eighth child. after i gather all of the children, she'll pick out the child for me. even without the crest, i'll find that eighth child easily. that's low, vamdemon. see you again. tailmon. taichi. tailmon, you'll come back, right. come back tailmon. original concept hongou akiyoshi  script yoshimura genki  chief animation director itou tomoko  episode director kawada takenori  voice talent yagami taichi  hikari  ishida yamato  kido jyou  taichis mother  fujita toshiko  araki kae  kazama yuuto  kikuchi masami  mizutani yuko  voice talent greymon  sakamoto chika  voice talent vamdemon  picodevimon  tailmon  wizarmon  narration  ohtomo ryuzaburo  miyata kouki  tokumitsu yuka  ishida akira  hirata hiroaki  translation onkeikun editing splash timing splash typesetting splash raws onkeikun karaoke timing mirrim splash karaoke styling j0hnny kaiserdragon encoding nitephire opening theme butterfly artist wada kouji  songwriter chiwata hidenori  composer chiwata hidenori  arranger watanabe cheru  insert song brave heart artist miyazaki ayumi  songwriter oomori sachiko  composer/arranger oota michihiko  ending theme keep on artist maeda ai  songwriter nk composer kine naoto  arrangers kine naoto & yuasa kouichi  a mysterious fog envelops odaiba. it is a barrier set up by vamdemon to trap the eighth child. evil digimon armies appears one by one to destroy everything within reach. threatened, the people run about trying to escape their clutches, but when the crest of purity glows, a new hope blossoms. next time on digimon adventure: the fairy of odaiba. lilimon blooms. now the adventure evolves. the fairy of odaiba. lilimon blooms )