taichi and the others arrived at the top of spiral mountain where piemon's castle lay. after taking down ladydevimon, who stood in their path, their battle with piemon now finally begins. the power of all eight children and digimon must rally together to defeat piemon. so that they may turn this world back to normal, sora and takeru went searching for their friends in the world of darkness. the clown from hell, piemon the clown from hell, piemon. around this time, jyou, with harmonica in hand, was looking for yamato. jyou, look. it's yamato's boat. he's gotta be around here. but we don't know when he left that boat here, and we're not even sure that it was yamato who used it in the first place. don't worry, we'll find him. yamato's gotta be thinking it's about time he came back to join us, anyway. you're right. i'm the one who decided to go look for him. i can't be thinking twice about this now. that's it. you've gotten considerably manly these days, jyou. what's that supposed to mean. are you saying i wasn't manly before. dramon killer. he got him. do the chosen children rely on childish attacks such as this to get by. what. i am sorely disappointed. i thought you'd have a bit more mettle. wargreymon's attacks don't work at all. oniichan, are you okay. i'm fine. the digivice isn't reacting to anything. the power of darkness must be too strong. how exactly are we supposed to find them when the digimon world is so big. sorasan. what. do you think we'll find my brother. and the others. sorasan. we have to find them no matter what. if we don't, we'll allsorasan. are you okay. sorry about that. i'm fine. we'll find them. i have to bring back our friends. if i don't, we won't be able to defeat piemon. if i don't we won't be able to prevent this world from being destroyed. brave tornado. he's strong. oniichan. stay back, you guys. why, oniichan.. wait until yamato and the others have come back. you've just fought with ladydevimon. you need to regain your strength. after yamato separated from the others and went his own way, he tried putting his thoughts in order, but had eventually wandered into a dark cave without realizing it. yamato there's something creepy about this cave. let's hurry and find an exit. you're right. i was able to protect myself all on my own this time. i what is it, yamato. i kept saying that takeru needed me but the truth is, i needed him. what do you mean. i found my place by thinking that takeru needed me. but you're amazing. that's awesome, takeru. you did great. we were so worried about you. you sure grew up without us even realizing it. takeru has everyone else supporting him. and taichi acted more like a real big brother than i did. what are you talking about. you are takeru's big brother, yamato. i don't have any right to be a big brother. all i did was use takeru so that i could feel secure in my place as his brother. i wanted to stay convinced that takeru didn't have anyone else but me. that's why i got so mad at taichi. i felt like he was trying to take takeru away from me. taichi is decisive and he's a good leader overall most of all, he treats takeru like an adult. now what's brought this on, yamato. you have so many good things about you that belong only to you. i thought taichi was tactless and shallowbrained but i'm even worse. yamato yamato. this place is kind of weird. i'm hopeless. i can't go back to being everyone's friend again. don't be like that. if they don't have you, yamatoif the eight of you aren't together, this world is doomed. they don't need me. it wouldn't matter if i'm there or not. yamato, get a hold of yourself. forget it. just leave me alone. how can you say that.. yamato what are you doing.. there's only one of you in this world, yamato. am i right.. so then, how can you keep comparing yourself to taichi.. of course you two are different. you're the only one who's takeru's real big brother. it doesn't make sense to think that taichi is more like one than you are. gabumon besides besides, if you were gone, yamato, then what do i do.. i've waited in this world forever just so i could meet you, and only you. gabumon. do you really want to be alone, yamato. then i'll leave this place so you'll never have to see me again. but only if that's what you really want me to do. no. when i said i wanted to be alone that was a lie. i was just trying to make myself look good. it's what i always do. i put up an image to stop others from getting too close to me. but the truth is the truth is, i felt really lonely. i kept thinking that i could never let anyone see me cry. if i was going to be alone, then i wanted to see myself as a mature person who could do everything on my own. but all i wanted to do was cry. yamato i hate being alone. you have me. you can depend on me just like how i depend on you. if you do that, i'm sure i'll feel even more motivated. that's right. gabumon i came this far because i had you. even when i'm lost inside this dark cave, you're still right by my side. i was never really alone at all. yamato. i have my friends and i have takeru, dad, and mom, too. i'm sure i can look happier the next time we see each other again, dad mom. yamato, look. what is that. it was coiling around you all this time. didn't you notice. not at all. i think it was trying to get inside your heart, yamato. it's pitchblack. i get it. it's the same pitchblack feelings that i was experiencing just now. but you're wrong. about what. that thing wasn't trying to get in me. it pulled out the darkness that i had inside. i think i've been carrying that darkness somewhere deep inside my heart all this time. i see. my loneliness is what pulled this darkness towards my heart but things are different now. after all, i'm not alone anymore. that's right. thank you, gabumon. yamato. i've always, always wanted to thank you ever since we met. you stuck by my side but i never realized that until now. i've always had you. you might have to put up with a lot from me now on, but i'm counting on you. i can handle it. you won't hear me whining anymore. that's okay. you can complain to me all you want. okay then. if i ever complain, i'll whisper it to you very softly. the two of us were caught inside a large cave of darkness. we were lost in it all this time. hey... yamato... see, look at that. i told you we'd find him. i never said we wouldn't. what's all this about. the whole time i was walking here, i kept telling myself that i'll be fine as long as i kept earnestly believing in the path i chose. i see. oh yeah, here. it's your harmonica, isn't it. thanks. trump sword. wargreymon isno. i can't watch. damn it. let me join him. taichisan. yamato hurry up and get here. what's that. let's go down and take a look. oniichan's nowhere to be found. why. at this rate, taichi and the others willi have to find them. i promised. i promised i'd find everyone and bring them back. sorasan. there's some black stuff crawling up your legs. sora. sorasan. sorasan.. takeru. oniichan. takeru. where were you. i was so worried. i'm sorry. i won't just up and leave you anymore. i promise. oniichan, you look sort of different now. never mind that, takeru. what are you doing here anyway. sorasan was pulled down that hole. sorakun is down there. yamato, this is yeah. this is the same cave that held us captive before. what is it. anyway, we have to save her. i'm getting a bad feeling about this place it's scary. it's okay. don't be scared, takeru. your fear will only agitate the darkness instead. ookay i got it. are you okay. yeah. it's a good thing the bottom wasn't very far. i thought i'd keep falling. where's sorakun. it's so dark, i can't see. i hear voices over there. let's check it out. sora. sora, what's wrong. sora, listen to me. that's piyomon's voice. sorakun must be with her. sora. sora. sorasan. you guys. sora, what's wrong. get up. she won't budge. what is this. is gravity playing tricks or something. sorasan is saying something. i have to find mimichan and jyousenpai and yamatokun i have to save taichi if i don't, our world is finished she hasn't been answering me. all she does is mumble the same thing over and over. yamato and i are right here. look up. senpai thank goodness yamatokun is here, too don't worry. everything's all right now. no, it's not. this isn't good enough. i have to get a better grip on myself i have to save taichi or this world will sorakun, you're putting too much responsibility on yourself. sora. all of your negative thoughts are turning into negative energy. the darkness within your heart is what's creating this cave. rreally. so that's why you told takerukun not to be scared. listen, sora. this dark cave is reflecting the dark feelings that are in your heart. sora. you've got to throw those feelings away. throw them out. those feelings. what are you talking about. we're not fighting because we're obligated to. we're doing it because we want to. if you don't want to do it, you don't have to. but i think it's because we've wanted to do this that we've come this far. if i don't want to do it, i don't have to. that's right. if you don't want to do it, then don't . that's i can't. we have to do this because we were chosen. sorakun. it's true that we may be helpless against what's in store for us but it must be because we can do something about it that we're here. we can do something about it doesn't thinking that way give you courage. we can do something about it that's why we're here. we can do it. yeah. you're right. you have us, remember. sorasan. sora. piyomon. thank goodness. you're back to your usual self. it disappeared. the darkness inside sora's heart has disappeared with it. that was inside my heart hey, taichisan is waiting for us. yeah. let's go to where taichi is. yeah. toy wonderness. oniichan. taichisan. koushiro. stay back. you take care of hikari. taichisan. i know it's important to protect hikarisan, but if this keeps up, you will. quite a stubborn fellow, isn't he. it's okay. i'll be stubborn or whatever. just let me take care of this. i'll do something about it. no no, that doesn't make any sense. it doesn't matter. do you seriously intend to handle all of this entirely by yourself, taichisan. yeah. what's wrong with that. no why why won't you let me fight, too.. ending snipe. wargreymon. war. ggreymon taichisan. now, who's next. taichi. yamato i'll turn my courage into wings yuuki wo tsubasa ni shite taichi. taichi. and fly away right now ima sugu tobitatou yo they make quite a late entrance. no matter what happens donna toki datte but no matter. the results will be the same either way. i'll always believe in you kimi wo shinjiteru you're finally here. i waited all this time for you to get here. taichi i knew you'd come. i can cross over to the other side of the sky kimi to dattara koete yukeru sa i believed you would. thank you for believing in me. if it's with you ano sora no mukou made but i'm sorry i was so late. no matter how hard it seems donna tsurai koto demo taichi, you're my true friend. i'm sure we'll be all right kitto daijoubu sa i won't let your friendship be in vain. that's right sou sa we're unfinished dreamers bokura wa mikansei no dreamers let's stick out our chests in the wind as we go kaze ni mune wo hatte yukou this is what. yamato's crest of friendship gave me the power to restore wargreymon back to life. i'll turn my courage into wings yuuki wo tsubasa ni shite and fly away right now ima sugu tobitatou yo thank you, garurumon. no matter what happens  donna toki datte  now i can fight again. hurry, everyone. over here. i'll always believe in you kimi wo shinjiteru taichi, are you okay. i'm fine. i'd planned on giving all of you an instant death but if you enjoy suffering that much, i'll relish every minute tormenting you slowly. you talk too much for a clown. trump sword. gabumon, warpevolve. metalgarurumon. unknown power dwells in your heart shiranai pawaa ga yadoru metalgarurumon. when its fire is lit haato ni hi ga tsuitara even your wishes, it's true, donna negai mo uso ja nai all right. they took down piemon's attack. will surely be granted, so kitto kanau kara it looks like i can finally enjoy a more stimulating battle. show me your brave heart show me your brave heart original concept hongou akiyoshi  script yoshimura genki  chief animation director itou tomoko  episode director yoshizawa takao  voice talent yagami taichi  takenouchi sora  ishida yamato  izumi koushiro  tachikawa mimi  takaishi takeru  kido jyou  hikari  fujita toshiko  mizutani yuko  kazama yuuto  tenjin umi  maeda ai  konishi hiroko  kikuchi masami  araki kae  voice talent agumon  piyomon  gabumon  tentomon  palmon  patamon  gomamon  tailmon  sakamoto chika  shigematsu katori  yamaguchi mayumi  sakurai takahiro  mizowaki shihomi  matsumoto miwa  takeuchi junko  tokumitsu yuka  voice talent piemon  narration  ohtsuka chikao  hirata hiroaki  translation onkeikun editing splash timing akaku splash typesetting splash raws onkeikun karaoke timing mirrim splash karaoke styling j0hnny kaiserdragon encoding nitephire opening theme butterfly artist wada kouji  songwriter chiwata hidenori  composer chiwata hidenori  arranger watanabe cheru  insert song brave heart artist miyazaki ayumi  songwriter oomori sachiko  composer/arranger oota michihiko  ending theme keep on artist maeda ai  songwriter nk composer kine naoto  arrangers kine naoto & yuasa kouichi  the two ultimate levels make a furious onslaught. but piemon hides a card up his sleeve. wargreymon, metalgarurumon, and even taichi and yamato are turned into dolls. hikari and takeru run out of places to hide. but just when takeru solemnly swears in his heart that he will never give up, angemon evolves to perfect level within the radiant light of hope. next time on digimon adventure: the holy swordsman. holyangemon. the holy swordsman. holyangemon now the adventure evolves. )