even after defeating vamdemon, the fog surrounding odaiba would not go away. gennai sent the children a puzzling message, whose contents became true one after the other. in the end, vamdemon became venomvamdemon and arose from the remains of his previous destruction. taichi and the others could not withstand venomvamdemon's powered up form. but when the last part of the message became reality, agumon and gabumon evolved into their ultimate level forms. two great ultimate evolutions. beat down the darkness.. two great ultimate evolutions. beat down the darkness. agumon, warpevolve. wargreymon. anyone can run and give up nigetari akirameru koto wa daremo gabumon, warpevolve. when given a second, so let's keep on walking instead isshun areba dekiru kara arukitsuzukeyou there's something only you can do kimi ni shika dekinai koto ga aru aoi hoshi ni metalgarurumon. so that this blue planet doesn't lose its light hikari ga nakusenu you ni seize the dreams you painted. tsukame. egaita yume wo wargreymon ultimate vaccine dragon man digimon special attack gaia force protect your beloved friends. mamore. daiji na tomo wo wargreymon. an ultimate level digimon that warpevolves from agumon. gathering the atmosphere into a ball within his hands, he releases his special attack, gaia force, in one blast. then you can become stronger takumashii jibun ni nareru sa metalgarurumon ultimate data cyborg digimon special attack cocytus breath metalgarurumon. unknown power dwells in your heart shiranai pawaa ga yadoru an ultimate level digimon that warpevolves from gabumon. his special attack, cocytus breath, freezes his enemies solid before he smashes them to pieces. when its fire is lit haato ni hi ga tsuitara even your wishes, it's true, donna negai mo uso ja nai ultimate level they've evolved to the ultimate level. will surely be granted, so kitto kanau kara i feel there's a big gap the rest of us can't jump over now show me your brave heart show me your brave heart yeah you're right go, wargreymon. you're so strong. wow. no way. unbelievable. now you've done it. venom infuse. shinniisan. how are the adults doing. they haven't shown any change. we'll have to beat vamdemon if we want them to turn back to normal. he did that to my papa and mama i want to beat vamdemon. mimi. i can still fight. palmon. sora. okay. you guys "let's go, gomamon." why am i not hearing you say those words. all right. let's go, gomamon. you got it. please please take care of my mother. my papa and mama, too. don't do anything rash. hikari. oniichan. takeru. oniichan. dad. mom. the others are here. vamdemon. we'll take you on. i'll join you. tentomon, evolve. kabuterimon. all right. everyone, attack at the same time. chikuchiku bang bang. harpoon vulcan. meteor wing. mega blaster. heaven's knuckle. holy arrow. freeze bomber. brave tornado. did they get him. whwhat is that.. wargreymon. i will devour all of you. release me, you filthy chosen children. it talked. i get it. that monster must be vamdemon's actual form. wargreymon. gotcha. wargreymon. nice pass. shoot. shoot. gaia force. cocytus breath. huh. what happened. all right, jyou. taichi. you did it, koromon. yeah. great job, tsunomon. huh. who are you. i'm plotmon. nice to meet you. plotmon child data mammal digimon special attack puppy howling plotmon. a child digimon with long, floppy ears. she is the degenerated form of tailmon. her special attack is puppy howling. tailmon must be in her child form now because she used up all of her energy helping agumon and gabumon evolve into their ultimate levels. hey, look. the sky is clearing. no way. ththis can't be. oniichan, i'm scared. wha what is this. upsidedown continents that had suddenly appeared in the skies could be seen throughout the entire world. is that a mirage. no, they're most likely real. um, do you happen to know where our children are. where are taichi and hikari. they're all at the fuji tv station. i'll go check out the situation, so you guys handle the rest. the mysterious continents floated eerily in the night sky. yet strangely enough, none of the radars, satellites, or other electronic equipment on earth recognized their existence. water bus station tickets sold here takeru. takeru. it's mama. takeru. thank goodness you're safe. i was so worried. were you scared, takeru. no, i was with oniichan. yamato. mom yamato you've grown taller again. yeah, a little. you look good. that's great. natsuko it's been awhile. yes it has it's been a long time since the entire family got together, isn't it, oniichan. yeah, i guess so. could the strange continents be an optical illusion. an american reconnaissance plane headed at once towards them to find out. nooo. i hope my mama and papa are all right i'm sure they are. someone's coming. shinniisan. oniisan. all of your families back at big sight are safe. they're all back to normal. all right. isn't that great, sorasan. yeah. those continents up there are not an illusion. they really exist. no one knows what could have happened to cause this. but all of us are wondering if those spooky continents that no one has ever seen before, will permanently take the place of our blue skies all throughout the world. whwhat in the world is going on. is this a part of vamdemon's plot, too. that can't be. we made sure vamdemon died this time. yeah, no doubt about that. then what are they. hey, what's going to happen to us. generally speaking, we've got to find the cause behind this first that mountain it looks exactly like infinity mountain. but that can't be taichisan. could you use your minitelescope to look over there. where. look, that mountain over there. which one. there are too many mountains, i can't tell which one you're pointing at. that one. look. just saying "that one" isn't much help what's the matter. a plane. there's an airplane up there. control tower, please respond, over. control tower. damn it, what's going on. sir, we have to make an emergency landing. there's hardly any fuel left in the tank. i know that. if only we had someone to guide us down the runway our prospects aren't looking so good. with these circumstances, we should land in an american military base and whwhat's happening.. the fuel gauge has run out, we can't operate the plane anymore. at this rate, we'll crash. that can't be. it's gonna crash. piyomon. we have to make it somewhere birdramon. you can do it, birdramon. birdramon, superevolve. garudamon. i'll help ywhoa. take this. what. stay back, kabuterimon. don't touch him. hey, was that kuwagamon. he flew here from those continents. i knew it. what do you mean. that place up there is the digimon world. what. that's the digimon world. now that you mention it, it does look kind of familiar. hey. take a look at this. please take a look. these images are not special effects. we can't touch those digimon. if we do, we'll solidify like that airplane wing. my mega blaster went right through him, too. what the hell is going on, damn it. is that where you live, plotmon. no, that's no longer the digimon world we know. that's right. it's been several days since we've come here which means several years must have passed in the digimon world. we came here without fixing the distortions in the digimon world, so it must be in pretty bad shape right now. and that must have ended up affecting our world, as well. let's go. back to the digimon world. but how. when we first went to the digimon world, our digivices led us there. that should work again this time. it's worth a try. all right. gather all of your digivices, everyone. please. take us back to the digimon world again. this path of light will transport us to the digimon world. i'm sure we'll get there safely. with our digivices guiding us. takeru. i'm sorry we have to leave just when all of us are together again, mama. but we'll be back soon. you can't. let him go. we've made a few selfish decisions of our own, remember. if we don't do something, earth will be doomed. that's why i'll we'll protect you and everyone else, mom. we're counting on you, guys. we thought it was normal for morning to come after every nightfall, but we may never see the dawn come again this time. don't say such morbid things. i believe in these children. no, i mean, i do, too. it'll be fine, niisan. we'll make darned sure that the sun does come up. looking good, jyousenpai. it doesn't suit you at all. jyousenpai. well, we're going. takeru. yamato. sora. mom mom. mama. dad. mom. taichi. hikari. don't worry. we'll definitely be back. we're off. original concept hongou akiyoshi  script maekawa atsushi  chief animation director itou tomoko  episode director shimizu junji  voice talent yagami taichi  takenouchi sora  ishida yamato  izumi koushiro  tachikawa mimi  takaishi takeru  kido jyou  hikari  fujita toshiko  mizutani yuko  kazama yuuto  tenjin umi  maeda ai  konishi hiroko  kikuchi masami  araki kae  voice talent agumon  piyomon  gabumon  tentomon  palmon  angemon  gomamon  sakamoto chika  shigematsu katori  yamaguchi mayumi  sakurai takahiro  mizowaki shihomi  matsumoto miwa  takeuchi junko  voice talent venomvamdemon  angewomon  taichis father  narration  ohtomo ryuzaburo  tokumitsu yuka  chiba susumu  hirata hiroaki  translation onkeikun editing splash timing splash typesetting splash raws onkeikun karaoke timing mirrim splash karaoke styling j0hnny kaiserdragon encoding nitephire opening theme butterfly artist wada kouji  songwriter chiwata hidenori  composer chiwata hidenori  arranger watanabe cheru  insert song brave heart artist miyazaki ayumi  songwriter oomori sachiko  composer/arranger oota michihiko  ending theme keep on artist maeda ai  songwriter nk composer kine naoto  arrangers kine naoto & yuasa kouichi  the cracks in the digimon world widen further and further under the evil powers. the land and the seas combine into a spiral, and everything is close to being swallowed up. taichi and the others stand up to face against a new enemy. but what awaits them are all ultimate level digimon. with evil hearts and sly wit, their overwhelming speed and power put the children in grave danger. next time on digimon adventure: the four kings of the evil mountain. dark masters. now the adventure evolves. the four kings of the evil mountain. dark masters )