vamdemon invaded tokyo in search of the eighth chosen child. the children desperately sought the eighth child to stop vamdemon's plans, but even now they could not find the child's whereabouts and their collisions with vamdemon's minions all throughout tokyo continued. on the night of the same day they had fought deathmeramon, yamato escorted his younger brother takeru to their mother's place, and they headed in the direction of shibuya. pump and gotsu are shibuyatype digimon pump and gotsu are shibuyatype digimon.. year 1999 august 2nd shibuya so this is the famous shibuya that's even talked about in the digimon world. pumpmon perfect vaccine puppet digimon special attack trick or treat pumpmon. a stuffed doll digimon with a pumpkin for a head. his scary yet cute appearance is popular among the girls. tonight, he plans to run wild around shibuya as if it were halloween. his special attack is trickortreat. these are shibuyatype humans. gotsumon child data ore digimon special attack angry rock gotsumon. his body is tough, but he's a cheerful and playfully naughty digimon. he goes with the flow and he's completely made for shibuya. he plans to rock things tonight. his special attack is angry rock. feels like something exciting will happen. this looks fun. yamato and takeru's parents divorced four years ago. so even though they're brothers, yamato lives with his dad and takeru lives with his mom, huh. it's late. oniichan. you should get off at the next stop. no, i'll take you all the way to sangenjaya. it's okay. takeru. let me do this. okay. do you not like separating. shut up. takeru. you don't have to shout at me like that. i don't care if it is you, patamon, you shouldn't talk about us brothers like that. fine. i won't talk anymore. patamon. i'm getting off here. patamon. takeru. patamon flew off. who cares about him the door is going to close. takeru. where could patamon have gone. it's your fault for yelling at him, takeru. he deserved it. hey, don't take it out on me. oniichan i'm sorry. you went too far when you spoke to patamon. i didn't mean to because he said the truth well, it's not like i don't understand how you feel. let's try looking over there. this is really fun. hey, give me some. again.. don't be selfish. but i am selfish. i'll pay you back. promise, got it. got it. you two. you're kids wearing costumes, aren't you. the next time i see you in here, i'm calling your school. we're not kids. we're just short. what are you still doing here.. so, like, i took a peek up there and it was so it's a shibuya girl. let's hit on her to commemorate our first night in shibuya. hey, babe. what do you guys want. do you know what time it is. hey, don't get too close. you weirdos look like you just ran off the set from "kinchan no kasoh taisho." note: kinchan no kasoh taisho  is a popular, creative japanese gameshow of human art. what's that. i don't get it. you're wearing something weird yourself. you little jerks. tsunomon, evolve. gabumon. pumpmon. gotsumon. do you know these digimon. i think these two work for vamdemon. there's a shibuya girl even scarier than vamdemonsama who's chasing after us. you should hide, too. where did those "kinchan no kasoh taisho" freaks go.. they went that way. thanks. did vamdemon order the two of you to come here and find the eighth child. yeah. but shibuya's much more fun. shibuya is more fun. we've totally become shibuyatype digimon. shibuyatype digimon. just what are you two thinking. nothing at all. nothing at all. those guys. hey, you. what are you two doing.. police sirens. they'll arrest us if they see this. let's run for it. they're running away. let's join them. wait for us. wait for us. hhuh. where are pumpmon and gotsumon. they were running alongside us a minute ago. those two just do whatever they feel like those guys those guys i think this dress will look better on you. i agree. pumpmon. gotsumon. do you want to wear stuff, too. wear it. you look great. you look great. patamon. after him. should we follow them. yeah. we lost him again patamon must still be mad he's not usually this stubborn come on, cheer up. believe that you'll find him some day and have some ice cream. where did you get that ice cream. we stole it. we stole it. ice cream thieves. why do we have to run away, too.. well, she's seen us with them. want to eat ice cream while we're running away. just throw it away. want some. not me. hey. gabumon. vamdemonsama. vamdemonsama. vamdemon. vamdemon. pumpmon. gotsumon. yyes, sir. yyes, sir. why are you enjoying ice cream with the chosen children. wwell wwell what happened to your search for the eighth child. we haven't found him yet. we haven't found him yet. then why aren't you stealing the crests from these children. that's just what we were about to do. that's just what we were about to do. run. why would they suddenly attack us like that. there's no helping it. they were our enemies to begin with. but i can't bring myself to fight those two. i flew out from the heat of the moment, but i wonder what takeru is doing right now. so, like, i said note: hachiko was an akita dog who waited faithfully for his master's return home at the shibuya train station for almost ten years. he did not know that his master, a professor belonging to what is now tokyo university, had died from stroke at the workplace. if you want to meet up somewhere, it should totally be in front of hachiko's statue. yeah, hachiko's statue is totally the best place. note: after hachiko's death, a statue of him was built in front of the shibuya station in honor of his loyalty, and it is now probably the most popular rendezvous point in shibuya. hachiko's statue pumpmon. this is as far as you go. he cut us off from the front. get back, takeru. gotsumon. you're trapped. i quit. me too. playing around in shibuya sounds much more fun than fighting the chosen children. that's right. come hang out with us. vvamdemon's coming. you should go hide. where are the chosen children. unfortunately, we failed to catch them. we almost had them. you pathetic liars. i have no more use for you. night raid. trickortreat. angry rock. gotsumon. you three are next. they were good guys yamato. you didn't have to kill them... gabumon, evolve. garurumon. anyone can run and give up nigetari akirameru koto wa daremo those guys when given a second, so let's keep on walking instead isshun areba dekiru kara arukitsuzukeyou fox fire. there's something only you can do kimi ni shika dekinai koto ga aru aoi hoshi ni it was just for a little while bloody stream. but they were our friends. so that this blue planet doesn't lose its light hikari ga nakusenu you ni garurumon.. seize the dreams you painted. tsukame. egaita yume wo protect your beloved friends. mamore. daiji na tomo wo then you can become stronger takumashii jibun ni nareru sa garurumon, superevolve. unknown power dwells in your heart shiranai pawaa ga yadoru when its fire is lit haato ni hi ga tsuitara even your wishes, it's true, donna negai mo uso ja nai will surely be granted, so kitto kanau kara weregarurumon. show me your brave heart show me your brave heart go.. weregarurumon.. those girls said that if i waited here, i'd find him they're over there. kaiser nail. night raid. weregarurumon. bloody stream. weregarurumon.. if i hadn't gotten mad back then patamon wouldn't have left us we wouldn't have met pumpmon and gotsumon in shibuya and pumpmon and gotsumon wouldn't have been killed by vamdemon. takeru. patamon, evolve. angemon. not every day is sunny, so even though hare no hi bakari ja nai kara tamani a cold rain will fall sometimes, just open up your umbrella tsumetai ame mo furu keredo kasa hirogeyou weregarurumon. there's no map on how to live, but that's why we're free ikikata ni chizu nanka nai kedo dakara jiyuu angemon. even you can go anywhere you please doko e datte yukeru, kimi mo are you all right, weregarurumon. yes, somewhat. angemon. takeru's feelings reached patamon. run faster than the wind. hashire. kaze yori hayaku aim higher than the skies. mezase. sora yori tooku so you're the one who possesses holy powers. let's do this, angemon. then you can meet a new you atarashii jibun ni aeru sa yeah. unknown courage sleeps in your heart shiranai yuuki ga nemuru when you realize that haato ni ki ga tsuitara even the downpour within your heart mune no naka no doshaburi mo will surely stop, so kitto yamu kara i'll save this fight for later. show me your brave heart show me your brave heart gabumon patamon are you. yeah. i'm okay this time, takeru. i'm sorry for getting mad at you. don't cry, takeru. oniichan. over there let's go home. yeah. the children saw what cruelty vamdemon was capable of before their very eyes. but, soon they would realize that this was only a prologue to the many battles they will face. the moment the eighth child perceived and acted on the destiny that laid in wait, the flame of battle would flare in an instant and devour everything. it will not be long before that time arrives. original concept hongou akiyoshi  script urasawa yoshio  chief animation director naoi masahiro  episode director kakudou hiroyuki  voice talent ishida yamato  takaishi takeru  kazama yuuto  konishi hiroko  voice talent gabumon  patamon  yamaguchi mayumi  matsumoto miwa  voice talent vamdemon  pumpmon  gotsumon  girl  narration  ohtomo ryuzaburo  terada haruhi  sugimoto yuu  asai harumi  hirata hiroaki  translation onkeikun editing splash timing splash typesetting splash raws onkeikun karaoke timing mirrim splash karaoke styling j0hnny kaiserdragon encoding nitephire opening theme butterfly artist wada kouji  songwriter chiwata hidenori  composer chiwata hidenori  arranger watanabe cheru  insert song brave heart artist miyazaki ayumi  songwriter oomori sachiko  composer/arranger oota michihiko  ending theme keep on artist maeda ai  songwriter nk composer kine naoto  arrangers kine naoto & yuasa kouichi  after having watched over tailmon for so long, wizarmon unveils her painful past, as well as her forgotten memories. but when tailmon appears before hikari again, under wizarmon's guidance, her locked memories are freed and the truth is finally revealed. next time on digimon adventure: the bonds of fate. tailmon. now the adventure evolves. the bonds of fate. tailmon )