the children discovered that the digimon world was actually a digital world generated from within earth's computer networks. meanwhile, nanomon, who had once been crushed by etemon and sealed within the pyramid, used the children to get his revenge. just when they were close to being defeated, nanomon escaped, taking sora and piyomon with him. but taichi, gripped by his fear of death, failed to catch him. perfect level evolution. metalgreymon perfect level evolution. metalgreymon everyone in the group wanted to save sora and piyomon. however we don't know where they are. there's no choice but to wait for nanomon to make a move. but what'll we do if he hurt sora while we were waiting. nanomon's goal is to defeat etemon. maybe if we beat etemon first, he'll set her free. but we lost to him earlier. make sure you all eat well so you can fight at any time. okay. if i'd just gone to save sora that time stop putting all of the blame on yourself. we couldn't help her either. there must be something we can do. guys. i've figured it out. nanomon only pretended to escape somewhere. the reality is that he hasn't gone very far at all. is he still inside that pyramid. yes. i've found a hidden room that exists underneath the pyramid, in its deepest depths. there's no doubt that nanomon and sora are in there. he was hiding right under etemon's nose. sora's in there guys, i know it'll be dangerous, but i want to do whatever it takes to save sora. so we know, taichi. we feel the same. sorasan is a close friend among all of us here. let's save her together. you guys okay. piyomon. it's best not to struggle. piyomon has just lost consciousness. i still need her to defeat etemon for me. defeat etemon. too bad for you, but piyomon can't evolve without me. i'm not planning on using you. what is this.. watch and you'll understand. it's copying you. none of you have drawn out the power of your crests at all. that's why i'll use this copy of you to pull out that power. my crest. so you had it. coward. just because you can't win on your own, you take someone else's power. you even took my tag. when i once fought against etemon, i lost most of my memories in the process. those memories will no longer return. the only thing i can do now is to exact my revenge on etemon. by any means necessary. as you can see here, this is how the digimon are currently positioned around the vicinity of the pyramid. it'll be impossible for us to sneak inside unnoticed. that's why we'll be acting as the decoys. that's right. while we pull the enemy away with our diversionary tactics, taichi and agumon will use that chance to raid the pyramid. got it. yeah. direct me on where to go along the way, okay, koushiro. okay, but what's the matter. is it something bad. we need to go through this hidden passageway to get into the room, but the wall here is electrified, just like the place nanomon was previously in. i'll save sora this time. saving sorakun is our first priority. don't take on any unreasonable battles if you can help it. okay. you guys should also avoid doing anything impractical. if etemon shows up, we won't mind if you run. we know. did you get that, takeru. let's all come back here safely. yeah. sora harpoon vulcan. whwhat's that. what is that commotion.. ikkakumon is attacking. what.. attack. strike back. ththey're coming. retreat. now. fox fire. there's another one over there. come on. follow us. don't let them escape. the chosen children are running away. what is going on. what are they plotting. have you found where nanomon is yet. ii'm sorry, sir. nanomon seems to have messed with the network, so its search functions have greatly destabilized. never mind. if you ever find him, make sure to contact me. i'm going to kill the nuisances i see before me first. i'll settle things with you all today. please get away safely. let's go, koushiro. be careful. okay. it was around here, wasn't it. here. be careful. some passageways may be blocked now due to our battle yesterday. this is a dead end. we'll have to leave this hidden passageway temporarily. looks okay. did something just show up on the monitor. maybe it's your imagination. maybe i'm still worried about jyousenpai and the others. let's go, palmon. stay here, okay. dark spirits. whwhat's that. you're all in my way. move. eetemon. i will personally take down the chosen children. those children are very perceptive. it appears they've found out where i am located. then these impacts they're holding a battle outside. several of the children have entered the pyramid in the confusion. but i will not let them interfere. taichi look. i knew it. it's the chosen children. damn it, when did they get in here.. dark spirits. this way. you think you can escape from me.. fox fire. chikuchiku bang bang. i see you're showing up one after the other. aren't there more of you. where are they hiding. we don't need to tell you. garurumon. ikkakumon. chikuchiku bang bang. togemon. i was just a little off my guard yesterday, but you're not getting away from me this time. love serenade. mmy strength it's disappearing now you're finished. dark etemonsama. we have trouble. the rest of the chosen children have invaded the pyramid. what.. why would they do that. does that mean nanomon is still inside the pyramid. am i right. ehh, wait a second. where did you go.. answer my question. they won't be able to fight for a while in their current state anyway. i'll savor my time killing you off later. you're a big help, takeru. tokomon helped out too. thanks, tokomon. but taichi and the others i'm sure they're in the middle of saving sorasan right now. i guess they know we're here. just when we've almost made it. when you turn right, the wall directly ahead of you is the hidden passageway to nanomon's room. damn it i've found you. tell me where nanomon is. taichisan. tentomon and i will do something to hold him back. hurry and save sorasan. tentomon, evolve. kabuterimon. take care of it, koushiro. wait. she's on the other side. i'll go first. wait, agumon. taichi. i'll go. there's something very precious to me on the other side of this wall. you mean sora. yeah. but that's not all. i feel like there's something else very precious over there that i'd lost yesterday. taichi you can do it, taichi. bring out your courage. i did it. all right. etemon. agumon, evolve. greymon. now. that one's a fake. he made a copy of sora. taichi. ssora. i've just finished creating the copy. now if i give it the holy device and crest, it will become the real one. i won't let that happen. what are you doing.. these belong to sora. if you give her those, you will mess up my plans. taichi. sora. whwhat is this. it's the main source of the evil powers that make up etemon's network. everything that falls in there will be absorbed by the darkness. it won't leave a scrap of you behind. i have no use for the original. time to get rid of you. sora. if you don't want me to kill her, give me back the holy device and crest. quit talking nonsense. i came here to save sora. no way. taichi. piyomon, evolve. birdramon. oh no. come on, try and attack me from any angle. taichi. sorry for worrying you. let's get out of here, guys. you guys. all right. my, my. playing with dolls in a place like this. the children got away from me again, but at least i'll kill you here. give yourself up, nanomon. you're coming with me. let go of me. i refuse to die with you. plug bomb. where are you aiming. still got a few screwed up wires in you, don't you. you're greatly mistaken if you think that was a normal plug bomb. they contained a computer virus that amasses the evil powers into a concentrated ball as it enlarges. then. this is the end for you. damn it damn it. no way. what's going on. it's convenient that this allows us to escape from them. look at the pyramid. whwhat's happening to it. i won't be defeated from the likes of this. eetemon. nanomon chose to die on his own, but now it's your turn. damn it. meteor wing. mega blaster. that's enough to loosen up my stiff shoulders. let me pay you for that. dark spirits. the sphinx. we have nowhere left to run. if he keeps this up, the entire world will become a mess. but there's no way we can win against him. no. we still have one way left. let's go, greymon. okay, taichi. you still want to fight. i won't run away. i never will. look. taichisan's crest. it's glowing. his crest is glowing. i'm telling you, it's hopeless. don't ever give up, greymon. taichi, your courage i can feel its power surging through my body. greymon, superevolve. metalgreymon. anyone can run and give up nigetari akirameru koto wa daremo ththis is the power of the crest. when given a second, so let's keep on walking instead isshun areba dekiru kara arukitsuzukeyou metalgreymon perfect vaccine cyborg digimon special attack giga destroyer metalgreymon. a perfect level digimon whose modified body is used as both a weapon and armor for battle. there's something only you can do kimi ni shika dekinai koto ga aru aoi hoshi ni the destructive strength of his special attack, giga destroyer, is extremely powerful. this is greymon's true evolution. so that this blue planet doesn't lose its light hikari ga nakusenu you ni just because you evolved a little further doesn't mean you can win against me. seize the dreams you painted. tsukame. egaita yume wo what.. protect your beloved friends. mamore. daiji na tomo wo metalgreymon. then you can become stronger takumashii jibun ni nareru sa unknown power dwells in your heart shiranai pawaa ga yadoru the nerve of you. i'll trample you. when its fire is lit haato ni hi ga tsuitara even your wishes, it's true, donna negai mo uso ja nai metalgreymon is glowing. the energy of the light will surely be granted, so kitto kanau kara it's the powers of holiness. show me your brave heart show me your brave heart giga destroyer. iit hit.. i'm a big star. i can't die here. taichi. metalgreymon. taichi. taichi. tataichi. this is voices yagami taichi takenouchi sora ishida yamato izumi koushiro tachikawa mimi takaishi takeru kido jyou fujita toshiko mizutani yuko kazama yuuto tenjin umi maeda ai konishi hiroko kikuchi masami voices agumon piyomon gabumon tentomon palmon tokomon gomamon sakamoto chika shigematsu katori yamaguchi mayumi sakurai takahiro mizowaki shihomi matsumoto miwa takeuchi junko voices etemon nanomon narration masutani yasunori ugaki hidenari hirata hiroaki the midsummer sun. crowds of people. and his little sister, hikari. he's really back in japan. taichi's chest overflows with joy. he could stay here like this forever. but even in the human world, the digimon have appeared. next time on digimon adventure: koromon's great battle in tokyo. now the adventure evolves. koromon's great battle in tokyo. )