the eighth child was hikari. the meeting was a fateful one. accepting her destiny, tailmon went along with her friend wizarmon to take back hikari's crest. however in their battle with vamdemon, wizarmon was sunk into the sea and tailmon was taken hostage. the fairy of odaiba. lilimon blooms the fairy of odaiba. lilimon blooms. traffic information beware of fog speed limit 30 mph oh man excuse us for interrupting your travel plans, but this train will be slowing down due to heavy fog. soon this barrier of fog will be completed. then this land will transform into the underworld. tokyo's soil doesn't taste very good hey, did you know. this place used to be a part of the sea until recently. you can have this. thank you. shh. quiet. mimi. is that you, mimi. papa. what are you doing out here at this hour. nothing in particular. i'm just here to pick you up. you came home late today. the train took its time because of this fog. hey, i've been wondering, what's inside that blanket. let's hurry home, papa. mama is worried. okay welcome home. i'm sorry. it'd be nice if you got away with pretending to be a stuffed animal, but i don't want them to think i have horrible taste. horrible taste. you mean me. don't think too much into it. tehe. i made kimchee fried rice and topped it with whipped cream and strawberries. how is it. this tastes really good. thank goodness. eat as much as you want. say "ahh." ahh. cram school around this time, jyou was in the city outside of odaiba. a 54. this is the worst grade i've ever gotten in my life. cheer up. life is full of ups and downs. i should call home to tell them i'm being kept after classes today. the number you've dialed is not in any available service areas. that's odd. there's no reception. c'mon, work. how aw man it was just getting good. what's up, chioka. you were awake, ishidasan. we've got huge trouble. none of our station's transmissions are working. what. no one knows what's causing it. it could be a system crash or something faulty in the electronical devices. both transmission and reception are down. no one will escape. and that includes, of course, the eighth child. due to heavy fog in odaiba, we will not be able to provide any train service to that area. it may take some time before service is brought back to normal. not even the public phone booths work this is getting to be a bother. i see this world has its own problems, too the broadcasting system went haywire ever since the fog showed up. so it happened when i was tossing out the papers none of our system phones or cellphones are working either. where are you going. isn't it obvious. i'm going to investigate. that's our job. very well. sakuradakun, let's go. ookay. tailmon wait until tomorrow. i'll call everyone in the morning so we can go save her. hikarichan. you're not the only one who can't sleep because you're worried about her, but you should still get some shuteye. okay think you can sleep. i'll try. good. just leave everything to me. well, good night. good night. good night. to dad there's boiled mackerel in the fridge underwear in the laundry he's working overtime again. to dad there's boiled mackerel in the fridge underwear in the laundry this is really weird. beware of heavy fog do not pass and so, this is what the fog encompasses. it only covers odaiba. it's almost like someone is controlling this fog. like a magician. maybe we should get back to the station. quiet. mmmonst. keep quiet. you saw that too, right. maybe this fog has something to do with these monsters. gizamon child virus aquatic mammal digimon special attack spiral edge gizamon. although they prefer to live underwater, these ferocious child level digimon can jump like frogs on land. be careful, everyone. what are these things.. it's fog. the fog has completely covered odaiba. we cannot receive any contact from the inside. the safety of odaiba's residents is unknown. i have to go. takeru. i have to go. oniichan and papa are in there. odaiba disaster a fog barrier.. let me go. okay. yamato. wake up. dad what happened to you. i'll tell you later. right now, hurry up and get dressed. jyou, where are we going. hinodesanbashi. maybe the boats are still working. we apologize for the inconvenience. due to an unknown incident, train service has been suspended. this isn't good whwhat are those things.. phantomon perfect virus ghost digimon special attack soul chopper phantomon. a perfect level ghost digimon whose giant scythe with chains is his trademark. his special attack is soul chopper. vamdemonsama's orders. all of you will be taken in. where are you going so early in the morning. the soccer club's morning practice. i'd like to talk with taichi about what we should do, too. i'll be back by breakfast, so keep quiet, okay. i'm going. have fun. always with soccer this is weird taichi, don't you have morning practice. this isn't the time for that. really. look, your teammates are here for you. good morning, fellas. baby flame. agumon. agumon. taichi. mom. mom. it's all right now. what were those things.. mama, let me explain magical fire. you're you're not a stuffed toy.. where does the soccer club have its morning practice. in the elementary school's schoolyard i have to hurry. sora's in danger. separate the adults and children, and have all of the children meet tailmon. we'll be checking each of their identities. why not kill them all instead of doing something so complicated, sir. it'll be much faster. that won't suit my aesthetics. you understand, don't you. if you feign ignorance, i won't hesitate to slaughter every last one of them. tell me what happened. i don't know either. but in the meantime, both of you keep safe here. what about you, dad. i'm going to the station. i want to do everything i can to contact the outside and let them know what's happening here. gabumonkun, was it. take care of yamato for me. i understand. be careful, okay. yeah. are you okay with this, yamato. we'll have to trust my dad. agumon, evolve. iit's a dinosaur. no. no. this isn't what it looks like, mom. greymon, save my mom. nno. my children. there's no point in resisting. take them all to vamdemonsama. taichi. hikari. mega flame. i'm sorry, taichi i promise to save your mother later but for now, you have to run away with me. mom. mom. my children. we're too late. sora sorasan. they've caught you too, mimichan. should i evolve. the enemy is all around us, so let's lay low for now. okay. our children our children. calm down. i can't. that orange dinosaur must have eaten them by now please don't worry. sorachan. that dinosaur is on our side. i'm sure it will come here with other good digimon and save us. where could sora be. let's look inside the building this time. okay. um, piyosan, this might sound like an odd question, but did sora ever say that she hated me. not at all. in fact, she said this. i was acting just like my mom. sora that's when i understood my mom loved me all along. i felt it too. i felt your love. i'm sorry about before. that girl got it. the men will take down the guards, so while we keep them busy, you will lead the women and children out of here. understood. do you want to help, too. excuse me please don't make my husband participate in such a dangerous plan. huh. hey now you be quiet, sweetie. there are plenty of other men here, so my husband doesn't have to join you, right. um, ma'am, that's not he'll die. if my husband dies, i'll follow after him and die too. okay, okay. i understand. well then, tachikawasan, you'll escort the women outside. isn't that great, honeybuns. what is he listening to. sakuradakun. when he gets stressed, he listens to sutras. sutras. to fight against ghosts, you need to chant a sutra praying for god's good grace. chant a what. by chanting the sutra, bakemonsama's power will weaken. dear it'll be okay. now let's go, everyone. okay. okay. everyone, stay close to me. listen to this. now. hurry. hurry. all right. we've made it outside. there's another one. darktyranomon adult virus dinosaur digimon special attack fire blast darktyranomon. a ferocious digimon whose heart and body were infected by a computer virus. his special attack is fire blast. where are you going. a man must do what a man must do. papa. palmon, evolve. togemon. honey. papa. are you all right, dearest. i am, but i made a fool of myself. no, that's not true. you were very cool. really. really. really. really. hey this isn't the time for that. once in a while doesn't hurt. but you always do this. togemon. you can do it, togemon. i'm trying why. why. why are they doing this to us. they're terrible. i can't forgive them. i'll never forgive those digimon. togemon, superevolve. lilimon. anyone can run and give up nigetari akirameru koto wa daremo togemon evolved. flower cannon. when given a second, so let's keep on walking instead isshun areba dekiru kara arukitsuzukeyou lilimon. hi, mimi. there's something only you can do kimi ni shika dekinai koto ga aru aoi hoshi ni lilimon perfect data fairy digimon special attack flower cannon a perfect level fairy digimon who flies the skies with the four wings on her back. that is lilimon. so that this blue planet doesn't lose its light hikari ga nakusenu you ni her special attack is flower cannon. do you think i'm horrible taste. not at all. you're very pretty. seize the dreams you painted. tsukame. egaita yume wo and cute. protect your beloved friends. mamore. daiji na tomo wo try to catch me if you can. get him. then you can become stronger takumashii jibun ni nareru sa hey, mimi. it was your tears of purity that helped me to evolve. unknown power dwells in your heart shiranai pawaa ga yadoru i want to cherish that heart of yours. what are you going to do. when its fire is lit haato ni hi ga tsuitara just watch. hana no kubikazari.  even your wishes, it's true, donna negai mo uso ja nai will surely be granted, so kitto kanau kara i've removed the evil virus from him using my flower power. he's not our enemy anymore. show me your brave heart show me your brave heart good boy. wow. a clever trick. bloody stream. how could you do that.. all i've done is rid myself of some unnecessary rubbish. you're next. bloody stream. flower cannon. canal cruise next ship for departure: none kasai next ship for departure: none the boats don't work either. how do i get through that fog. jyou, don't they teach you that in school. of course not. stuff like how to make a fire or how to wash dishes you never learn about that in a classroom. then what do they teach you. who cares right now. what's more important is that fog. maybe if i use the satellite broadcasting it just might work are you okay. yeah, somewhat taichi. over here. does it still hurt. it's gotten much better. what.. it's the truth. hikari is the eighth child. try chanting buddha's name this time so you can die a peaceful death. your life is mine. not a chance. not a chance. what.. piyomon, evolve. birdramon. sora mom run from here, sora. you should, too. hurry up and go. mom. original concept hongou akiyoshi  script masaki hiro  chief animation director nobuzane setsuko  episode director imamura takahiro  voice talent yagami taichi  takenouchi sora  ishida yamato  tachikawa mimi  takaishi takeru  kido jyou  hikari  fujita toshiko  mizutani yuko  kazama yuuto  maeda ai  konishi hiroko  kikuchi masami  araki kae  voice talent agumon  piyomon  gabumon  palmon  gomamon  sakamoto chika  shigematsu katori  yamaguchi mayumi  mizowaki shihomi  takeuchi junko  voice talent vamdemon  picodevimon  taichis father  mimis mother  mimis father  narration  ohtomo ryuzaburo  miyata kouki  chiba susumu  tokumitsu yuka  sakurai takahiro  hirata hiroaki  translation onkeikun editing splash timing splash typesetting splash raws onkeikun karaoke timing mirrim splash karaoke styling j0hnny kaiserdragon encoding nitephire opening theme butterfly artist wada kouji  songwriter chiwata hidenori  composer chiwata hidenori  arranger watanabe cheru  insert song brave heart artist miyazaki ayumi  songwriter oomori sachiko  composer/arranger oota michihiko  ending theme keep on artist maeda ai  songwriter nk composer kine naoto  arrangers kine naoto & yuasa kouichi  vamdemon begins to forcefully take everyone prisoner. danger approaches sora, mimi, and even koushiro. meanwhile, as jyou and takeru swim to tokyo, megaseadramon's thunder javelin blasts them. when jyou runs out of strength, his crest of sincerity glows and ikkakumon superevolves. next time on digimon adventure: break through the barrier. zudomon spark. now the adventure evolves. break through the barrier. zudomon spark. )