receiving his crest first, taichi supported greymon in the wrong manner and forced him to evolve to skullgreymon. after that, they met gennai once again. "unless they raise their digimon the right way, they will not evolve in the right direction. " the children could only remain confused by his words. the fairy, piccolomon. the fairy, piccolomon. nice weather we're having. the wind feels great. i have a crest now, but we don't know how to use them. how do we raise our digimon the right way. but wait, we haven't found all of the crests yet. you're right. we should hold our thoughts on this until all of us have gotten them. hey. what are you doing. hurry up. you'll get left behind. we're holding a really important conference meeting on the digimon right now. we'll be right there, so just wait a minute, okay. okay. whwhat is this.. it's kuwagamon. kuwagamon adult insect digimon type virus special attack scissor arms kuwagamon. the pincers on his head, when using his special attack, scissor arms, can slice through anything. he's a thousand times stronger than the one on file island. baby flame. agumon. hhhe's much stronger than the one back on file island. agumon. evolve. evolve right now. if if he makes a mistake evolving this time if i end up not turning into greymon agumon. what are you doing.. you're dead if he gets you with his scissor arms. agumon. taichi. pit bomb. whwhat just happened. pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi you look like you're in one piece. where's kuwagamon. who is that. he's kind of weird. pi. you greenhorns. you're piccolomon. he's cute. note: piccolomon's attack is "bit bomb" which he pronounces "pit" because of his habit of saying "pi" piccolomon perfect fairy digimon type data special attack bit bomb piccolomon. a fairy digimon who brandishes his favorite spear, fairy tale, and wields a strange magic. it must have been piccolomon who defeated kuwagamon for us. pi pi pi. impressed by the force of my magic, aren't you pi.. you guys are supposed to be the chosen children, aren't you. you were so weak i couldn't stand watching you pi. if you keep that up, then even with your tags and crests, it'll be like casting pearls before swine pi. this digimon isn't cute at all. the same goes for you digimon pi. all of you are slacking off pi. you're lacking exertion pi. you have no guts pi. man, he's so noisy with his pipi pipping. i hate exerting myself. i don't even have guts to begin with. that's why all of you will be coming with me for some training starting today pi. training. what do you mean. especially for you over there. mme.. you and your agumon win the grand prize pi. you'll have intensive training with a special menu pi. special menu. intensive training. now, follow me pi. pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi what should we do. can we even trust that digimon. how's he like, gabumon. he nags a lot, but he's not a bad digimon. it didn't look like he had a black gear or a cable either. why not do what he says. it's true we don't know how to raise our digimon correctly, anyway. it'll be fun if we think of it as a training camp. maybe it'll be more relaxing than walking around. what do you think, taichi. let's go. it sounds interesting. then it's decided. yeah. what's taking you so long.. hurry up pi. are we there yet. almost there pi. that's all you've ever been saying. here we are pi. this is the place pi. here. but i don't see anything. pi. rufolba rofulba sobika pi. tobukara todokanu shitaka pi. whwhat's this.. nothing to be afraid of pi. this is just the entrance through my barrier pi. now, follow me pi. it's a jungle. hey. look behind you. what now. that's etemon's trailer pi. nothing to worry about pi. he can't see through my barrier on the other side pi. haven't you fixed it yet.. it's being restored at a superb rate. please wait just a little longer. i can't wait anymore. hurry up and repair my network. my house is up here pi. up here what is this.. i don't believe it. do we have to climb all of this. i wonder how many steps there are there's no use counting them. wait, does this mean our training has already started.. exactly pi. this is a piece of cake. after all, i can just just so you know, no flying is allowed during training pi. oh, stop thinking complaints and start climbing pi. it's pathetic to see you worn out from simple stuff like this pi. look, there's my house pi. it looks creepy i have food waiting for you pi. food. hey where's the food. you'll have to complete your next training before that pi. i knew it. rufolba rofulba sobika pi. tobukara todokanu shitaka pi. you'll be scrubbing all of these floors pi. sscrubbing the floors.. all of them from top to bottom.. no way. this isn't fair. you two have the special menu pi. come with me pi. special menu there's no other choice. let's get this over with. i've never scrubbed floors, not even in my own house. is this really training. maybe he's just using us to work as his maids food. tokomon, let's race to see who's faster. i won't lose to you. takeru. now, go inside here pi. it's pitchblack. what do we do in here, piccolomon. we can't even see anything. make sure to come back. that's your training pi. food feed me more taichi and the others haven't come back yet. yes. i wonder what happened to them. they're glowing. yamatosan. our crests must be nearby. maybe we should bring tentomon and gabumon with us. nah. besides, we're safe within the barrier. let's let them sleep. let's go. okay. taichi. hey, taichi, wake up. whwhere are we. i don't know. i thought we were in a cave. hey. piccolomon. what are you doing. oh be quiet. is this really training. taichi. something's shining over there. hhey. look over here. geez, agumon, what are you doing. i was only trying to help you. that's a lie, you were looking off somewhere else. but the light. wait a second. the boat is drifting away. come on, hang tight. don't change the subject. and to begin with, taichi, you were. what, what's this racket. hey. it's morning pi. how long do you plan on sleeping pi.. look sharp pi. has anyone seen koushirohan. and yamato. hey, piccolomon, do you know where they are. those two left to find their crests pi. oh, so he left me behind. taichi and agumon haven't come back since last night and now it's koushirokun and yamatokun. it's quite mysterious how they're disappearing one after another. maybe jyousenpai is next. hhey, don't say weird stuff like that. mmaybe piccolomon oh jyou, you get scared too easily. it's all right. we can trust piccolomon. aare you sure. now, time for training pi. hey. why do you want your crest, koushiro. why. i want to see what kabuterimon evolves into next, of course. what about you, yamatosan. i i want to improve myself. it's not just the digimon who evolve and become stronger. i want to mature along with them and grab onto something about me that's different from before. we're at the end of the barrier. we've come this far only to reach a dead end the well is glowing. our crests must be inside it, yamatosan. but it's outside the barrier. we can go to the other side. they're nearby. the light is getting stronger. hey, the wall. hold your tag up to the wall. okay. this is my crest. there's a signal in the k1 area. what. hey. we just passed that place. the k1 area is tyranomon's territory. all right, i'll teach them a thing or two. run. tyranomon adult dinosaur digimon type data special attack fire breath tyranomon. a dinosaur digimon wellprepared to survive in the wild. his special attack is the scorching flame, fire breath. oww. the barrier has been smashed pi. yamato and koushiro are in danger pi. yamato. koushirohan. pplease wait for me, yamatosan. hurry up, koushiro. yamato. gabumon. that's what you get for leaving me behind. are you guys all right. looks like they're all gathered there. since i haven't done "that" in awhile, why don't we go with it. it's showtime. here i go. love serenade. oh no mmy power is drained nnow none of them will be able to evolve. we just keep drifting farther and farther away. where are we. this bridge what's wrong, taichi. that's taichi. taichi, agumon, what are you doing pi.. your friends are in danger pi. i can't do it. i can't ride a bicycle. don't give up. you can't give up from just one or two failures. don't get fainthearted. believe in yourself. believe that it'll work out this time. taichi. okay. i got it. here. we'll hold you up from behind. i'm doing it i'm doing it. okay now, we're letting go. ookay. i'm pedaling on my own. i can ride a bike. i almost forgot, agumon. i forgot that i can't lose heart. i lost my nerve because i thought you might evolve into a strange digimon again. i felt the same way. that's why i couldn't become greymon. but it's just like riding a bicycle. if we combine our powers i feel like i can evolve once again. let's go. together. hurry. everyone is in trouble. i can't wait any longer for taichi and agumon pi. i'll have to deal with tyranomon myself and. agumon, evolve. greymon. anyone can run and give up nigetari akirameru koto wa daremo it's greymon. agumon was able to evolve. when given a second, so let's keep on walking instead isshun areba dekiru kara arukitsuzukeyou mega flame. there's something only you can do kimi ni shika dekinai koto ga aru aoi hoshi ni taichi. yeah. so that this blue planet doesn't lose its light hikari ga nakusenu you ni that's it. seize the dreams you painted. tsukame. egaita yume wo get him. get him. protect your beloved friends. mamore. daiji na tomo wo then you can become stronger takumashii jibun ni nareru sa unknown power dwells in your heart shiranai pawaa ga yadoru when its fire is lit haato ni hi ga tsuitara even your wishes, it's true, donna negai mo uso ja nai all right. will surely be granted, so kitto kanau kara you both did well pi. show me your brave heart show me your brave heart taichi, agumon. those children know how to piss me off. really thank you for everything. thank you for taking care of us. don't think your training is over yet pi. everything in life itself is training pi. do your best while never giving up pi. yes, sir. you are the only ones who can save this world pi. i know you can do it, chosen children. pi. voices yagami taichi takenouchi sora ishida yamato izumi koushiro tachikawa mimi takaishi takeru kido jyou fujita toshiko mizutani yuko kazama yuuto tenjin umi maeda ai konishi hiroko kikuchi masami voices agumon piyomon gabumon tentomon palmon tokomon gomamon sakamoto chika shigematsu katori yamaguchi mayumi sakurai takahiro mizowaki shihomi matsumoto miwa takeuchi junko voices piccolomon etemon narration tanonaka isamui masutani yasunori hirata hiroaki a single email is sent to koushiro's laptop. someone wants the children's help. is this a trap. prepared for danger, they enter below a pyramid to find a captured machine digimon. finally, a direct showdown with etemon begins. next time on digimon adventure: nanomon of the labyrinth. now the adventure evolves. nanomon of the labyrinth. )