tailmon, superevolve. angewomon. holyangemon. atlurkabuterimon. lilimon. zudomon. garudamon. anyone can run and give up nigetari akirameru koto wa daremo gabumon, warpevolve. agumon, warpevolve. when given a second, so let's keep on walking instead isshun areba dekiru kara arukitsuzukeyou there's something only you can do kimi ni shika dekinai koto ga aru aoi hoshi ni metalgarurumon. wargreymon. so that this blue planet doesn't lose its light hikari ga nakusenu you ni seize the dreams you painted. tsukame. egaita yume wo protect your beloved friends. mamore. daiji na tomo wo then you can become stronger takumashii jibun ni nareru sa what.. unknown power dwells in your heart shiranai pawaa ga yadoru we're not gonna let you have your way. when its fire is lit haato ni hi ga tsuitara impossible. how did you evolve without your crests.. even your wishes, it's true, donna negai mo uso ja nai don't go underestimating us chosen children. will surely be granted, so kitto kanau kara got that right. now let's go get 'im, guys. show me your brave heart show me your brave heart yeah. not every day is sunny, so even though hare no hi bakari ja nai kara tamani die. hammer spark. a cold rain will fall sometimes, just open up your umbrella tsumetai ame mo furu keredo kasa hirogeyou we'll take care of those claws. let's help them, lilimon. okay. there's no map on how to live, but that's why we're free ikikata ni chizu nanka nai kedo dakara jiyuu flower cannon. how could you do that to me.. even you can go anywhere you please doko e datte yukeru, kimi mo well, i am your digimon, mimi. and just what do you mean by that. hammer spark. use this chance to attack its main body. run faster than the wind. hashire. kaze yori hayaku okay. aim higher than the skies. mezase. sora yori tooku jyousenpai, mimichan, look out. then you can meet a new you atarashii jibun ni aeru sa heaven's gate. holy arrow. unknown courage sleeps in your heart shiranai yuuki ga nemuru both hikarichan and i will protect you two. when you realize that haato ni ki ga tsuitara take care of the other claws. even the downpour within your heart mune no naka no doshaburi mo thank you. you're a big help. all right, yamato. will surely stop, so kitto yamu kara full speed ahead. show me your brave heart show me your brave heart flower cannon. koushirokun and i will assist taichi and yamato. you two only need to concentrate on attacking. okay. you bastards plug bomb. atlurkabuterimon. take care of sora for me. seize the brighter tomorrow. tsukame. mabushii asu wo you got it. shadow wing. protect the ones you love. mamore. ai suru hito wo then you can become stronger takumashii jibun ni nareru sa thanks, garudamon. mugen cannon. now it's my turn. break down your weak self. kowase. yowaki na kimi wo horn buster. destroy the walls that block you. kuzuse. butsukaru kabe wo take this. the passionate beat of your heart will be your weapon, so atsui kodou buki ni naru kara cocytus breath. gaia force. believe in your heart believe in your heart we did it. we disposed of all of its claws, too. we've taken you down. give it up. you think you've won. there's no point in acting tough. is that so. perish we shall. but we won't go away quietly. we will drag you and this entire world down with us. what. watch. our ultimate finishing blow. grand death big bomb. it selfdestructed. is this the end for us. i don't want that. it's not the end. it won't end. i won't let it end. like hell this is the end. it'll never be the end. because we all have tomorrow waiting for us.. what was that. what happened to the explosion. it must have been contained through the power of our digivices. does that mean we've won.. it looks that way. then the destruction of the world is alsowe've stopped it. yeah. heeey. you did it. yes, we did. you guys are really somethin' else. oh, you think so. thank you very much. i mean it. oh, there's no need to thank us. guys you all did great. a new world a new world. it seems your world is also saved. yeah. so, what's going to happen to the digimon world now. take a good look below you. an island. it's file island. the prophecy in the ancient ruins ended with these words. "the first to change appearance was an island, and this island made new sky, sea, and land. " what does that mean. it means, in other words, that the digimon world will be created anew. that's what's all that down there. it may be the digimon who are reviving along with this world. really. let's go have a look, guys. yeah. the village is back to normal. there are so many digieggs. yay. yay. hey, wait for me. rub rub~ what are you guys doing. we're making the digieggs hatch. all of them. yup. a lot of digimon will be born from these digieggs. the future of the digimon world is just beginning. why don't you join us, hikarichan. okay. rub rub. rub rub. now leomon will be reborn again. really. does that mean piccolomon, whamon, and the others will be, too. yes, someday. how about we take a picture to commemorate the occasion, everyone. a picture. sounds nice. good idea. agreed. i'll go get takerukun and the others. a picture, eh. okay, go ahead. say cheese. what's wrong. what happened. it hatched. it's so cute. well, then. why are you dressed like that. i've got no business here anymore. i'm gonna go traveling. why. stay with us. no frickin' way. you think a proud virus attribute as awesome as myself can stand hanging around with you data and vaccines. see ya. he left. geez, he just won't admit that he likes us. i can never get along with virus attributes. now, don't say that. back when agumon had evolved into the evil skullgreymon, i did say that he had evolved into the wrong form, but by that, i meant that it wasn't the evolution meant for your purposes. there's nothing right or wrong in evolution itself. then maybe the next time i evolve, i'll turn into a virus attribute. anything but that. anything but that. how nostalgic this is where we spent our first night in this world. yes. this is where gabumon first evolved into garurumon and fought with seadramon. well a lot has happened to us, but all's well that ends well, right. we can go back to our own world with pride. maybe when we go back, they'll treat us like heroes. all of the reporters coming after us and stuff what do you guys think. jyou. oh no, i think i said something wrong. but hey, even if we go home, we can always come back andjyou. er, oh yeah, it won't work out even if we do come back. the flow of time is different between this world and our world, so we don't know if we'll even live to see each other again i'm sorry hey. we still have a lot of time left for summer vacation, right. i'm thinking of staying in this world until vacation is over. that's a good idea. if oniichan is staying here, than i am, too. so am i. that's okay, right, oniichan. yeah. maybe i should, too. me, too. so will i. we have lots of time. that's right. if we consider one day in this world to be the equivalent of one minute in our world, and we have four weeks of vacation leave the mental math to me. let's see 40,320 days that makes it about 110 years. that long.. let's start a new adventure. all right, then, let's go. to our new adventure. agreed. huh. that's a solar eclipse, isn't it. children, there is something i must tell you. tell us. is it good news. or bad news. it's most likely bad news. it's not a normal eclipse. the part that's in shadow is the gate that connects us to your world. the eclipse will end in two hours. so what. we can just wait for the next time the gate opens. that's right. after all, we still have 110 years of summer vacation left. actually, apocalymon's appearance caused the flow of time between the digimon world and your world to be brought back into alignment. what. bbut what if we tried staying here anyway. yamato this world may view your data as anomalies and erase you. then i'm sorry. when you're back home, say hello to your mother for me. okay. i want to thank you for that, piyomon. i've misunderstood my mom all this time but because of you, things between us are all right now. i'm sure i'll be able to get along just fine with her from now on. really. if that's true, then i'm happy. i thought you only saw me as a bother because i keep depending on you. that's not true. that was never true, piyomon. piyomon you and i might not have been a good team, gomamon but i had a lot of fun being with you. so did i. anyway, good luck studying over there. what. let's shake hands. okay. what. that really was a hand. tentomon. koushirohan. i've really i've really imposed upon you greatly. ttentomon. even to the very end, you talk so formally to me. sorry. i'm sorry. but then, what's more appropriate for me to say at a time like this. that's a difficult question. but i think you don't have to push yourself to say the words. formal talk is okay this way. i'm sure there will come a time one day when the words will just flow naturally. you think so. i hope so, too. takeru, don't cry. but but we'll never see each other again. that's not true. the flow of time is the same between your world and my world now, so i'm sure there'll be a day when we'll see each other again. really. we saw each other again after devimon, remember. yeah. that's because i believed that we'd meet again. believe in it again this time. okay. then let's see each other again. promise. promise. hey, yamato could you play your harmonica for me again. okay. geez. yamato, you jerk what's wrong. nothing. hmm. this is the place, right, taichi. this is where i torched the firewood with my baby flame. yeah, that's right. then the embers burned seadramon's tail and that's what made him mad. huh. it was my fault. it was me who stuck his tail in the embers. taichi. for me. yeah. thank you. it looks very good on you. really. well take care hikari. yeah. until next time. yeah, that's right. palmon. palmon. huh. mimi, what are you doing, ribbit. palmon isn't here. have you seen her. no, ribbit. where could palmon have gone. there's not much time left. palmon. palmon. palmon. mimi have you all finished saying your goodbyes. we've taken care of your departure preparations here. once you get on this trolley, it will take you back to your world. well can we have a little more time. just a few more minutes. we can't, the gate won't wait for us. but. what's wrong. palmon disappeared. stupid, stupid, stupid palmon. oh, here you are, ribbit. mimi was looking for you, ribbit. i know. but i don't want to see her. why, ribbit. because it'll hurt saying goodbye to her. it's better if i don't see her at all are you okay with that, ribbit. are you sure that's okay, ribbit. you won't regret it later, ribbit, will you. mimi it's time. get on the trolley. okay well, guys take care. you, too. hikarigaoka odaiba goodbye. goodbye. mimichan. mimi. mimi. palmon. mimi. i'm sorry. it's okay. it's okay, palmon. goodbye. thank you for everything. goodbye mimi. mugendai na yume no ato no nanimo nai yononaka jya in this world of nothingness that arises out of an infinite dream, sou sa, itoshii omoi mo makesou ni naru kedo it seems as though our beloved desires will lose, stay shigachi na imeeji darake no tayorinai tsubasa demo but even with these unreliable wings, covered in images that tend to stay kitto toberu sa, oh yeah i'm sure we can fly, oh yeah mugendai na yume no ato no yarusenai yononaka jya in this miserable world that arises out of an infinite dream, sou sa joushiki hazure mo waruku wa nai ka na maybe not using common sense isn't so bad after all stay shisou na imeeji wo someta gikochinai tsubasa demo but even with these clumsy wings, dyed with images that seem to stay kitto toberu sa, on my love i'm sure we can fly, on my love goodbye. the summer adventure of these eight children has drawn to an end. but this does not mean that the gate will stay closed forever. that's because this is neither the beginning nor the end of the chosen children's adventures. the gate to the digimon world will surely open once again as long as we keep the memory of the digimon alive within us. once you wish for it, than inside of your heart or perhaps even original concept hongou akiyoshi  script masaki hiro  chief animation director yajima yoshitaka  episode director imamura takahiro  voice talent yagami taichi  takenouchi sora  ishida yamato  izumi koushiro  tachikawa mimi  takaishi takeru  kido jyou  hikari  fujita toshiko  mizutani yuko  kazama yuuto  tenjin umi  maeda ai  konishi hiroko  kikuchi masami  araki kae  voice talent agumon  piyomon  gabumon  tentomon  palmon  patamon  gomamon  tailmon  sakamoto chika  shigematsu katori  yamaguchi mayumi  sakurai takahiro  mizowaki shihomi  matsumoto miwa  takeuchi junko  tokumitsu yuka  voice talent apocalymon  gennai  ogremon  andromon  centarumon  elecmon  narration  ohtsuka chikao  yanami jouji  egawa hisao  yanada kiyoyuki  aizawa masaki  takato yasuhiro  hirata hiroaki  translation onkeikun editing splash timing akaku splash typesetting splash raws onkeikun karaoke timing mirrim splash karaoke styling j0hnny kaiserdragon encoding nitephire opening theme butterfly artist wada kouji  songwriter chiwata hidenori  composer chiwata hidenori  arranger watanabe cheru  insert song brave heart artist miyazaki ayumi  songwriter oomori sachiko  composer/arranger oota michihiko  ending theme keep on artist maeda ai  songwriter nk composer kine naoto  arrangers kine naoto & yuasa kouichi  )