the dark masters attacked the children in tireless succession. however, taichi and the others were able to defeat one of them metalseadramon, commander of the deep savers army. with his death, the ocean was liberated from his control. but, sorrowfully, the children were once again forced to pay a heavy price by sacrificing whamon. a dangerous game. pinocchimon a dangerous game. pinocchimon spiral mountain's ocean is returning to normal. it must be because we beat metalseadramon, who ruled over its domain. so the power of darkness controlling it has disappeared. our victory got rid of the darkness in this world. then let's keep up this pace and defeat the rest of the dark masters. that way, peace will return to earth. all right, let's go. yeah. yeah. wait. what are you doing. can't you tell. they're making graves. graves. there's whamon's grave. that one's piccolomon's. that one's chuumon's. and this one is for wizarmon. all of them were killed trying to protect us. they all died. you could even say they were sacrifices to our cause. we have to work harder for their sakes, too. the enemy needs to go down at all costs. i don't want to. what did you say. i don't want any more of our friends to die. why do we have to keep fighting. what are you talking about. we can avenge their deaths by defeating the enemy. stop it. taichi. try to consider other people's feelings for a change. what do you mean. what you say is the right thing for us to do, i'll give you that. but knowing what the right thing to do is doesn't mean we can just push our feelings aside and be done with it. oniichan. we know in our heads that we should keep moving forward. but there are times when you want to stop and remember those we've lost, isn't there. if we keep stopping to do that, we'll never have enough time to save the world. everyone knows that. but. hey, stop this. everyone's upset. don't cry, mimi. we're sitting ducks out here. let's move someplace safer. it's not wrong of me to act this way, is it. do we have no choice in the end but to keep moving on like this. without ever having a place to rest. i wonder why oniichan is like this at this rate, our feelings of unity will scatter. i have to do something. i need to find a place where we can take a break. everyone's tired. oniichan. what's the matter, hikari. did you just hear something. like what. something like a voice. a voice. no, not at all oh we should catch up before we lose sight of the others. okay. where were you. i thought i heard something but it was just my imagination. it's dangerous, so don't wander off on your own. yeah, okay. they should hurry up and get here i'm getting tired of waiting for them. well, they are human children. honestly, they move so slow. what's this. the scenery is running past us. what's going on here. the ground that we're standing on is moving us forward. look, i'm such a good host, aren't i. when those kids get here what should we play with. let's see now check this out. a 44 magnum. it's really destructive. and this is a dumdum bullet. when you get shot with this you can see right through the inside of your stomach. jump off on this side. now this one's moving. hey where do you think this is taking us. what other place is there. the enemy must be waiting for us ahead. we can't just let ourselves fall right into enemy hands. yeah they're late are they here yet. pinocchimonsama. there's no sign of the children anywhere. what.. whwhy.. i wonder if one of the dark masters is here. it's very likely. we were walking straight towards the enemy all this time. but we have to confront them some day. it's the same result either way. we all know that. you didn't have to say that out loud, you know. oniichan. stop fighting. takeru if we keep avoiding them, we'll just get slaughtered one day. let's go find where the enemy is located. wait a second. oniichan. taichi disappeared. oniichan. where did he go. mimichan disappeared, too. mimi, where are you. koushirohan is gone, too. hikari. everyone disappeared. what the. whwhat happened. our enemy must be behind this. it's cold tailmon. they're all gone. why. how did this happen. i don't know. our enemy must have done something to them. takeru. what. i'll do whatever it takes to protect you, so stay close to me. oniichan we were able to get this far because we worked as a team. so why am i the only one you keep giving special treatment to. takeru i've fought alongside the rest of you all this time. do you think i'm just a ball and chain. am i unreliable. is that why you keep saying you'll protect me. that's not what i meant i what i wanted to say is what. i i one, two, and three have disappeared~ hey, kiwimon, this is taking too long. i should just kill all of them. then you won't have anyone left to play with. that's true jyousan. jyousan, are you okay. my stomach just suddenly does your stomach hurt. something shot my stomach. i think i'll try this next. take this and this what's going on.. and then i do this hikari again.. hikarisan. koushirosan. where am i. also, when i do this ouch. mimisan. tickle tickle tickle. are you okay, takerukun. oniichan. takeru. where did everyone go. it's no use waiting here. let's climb down and search for them. okay. i'll go look for takeru. i'm staying here. koushiro. wait here with mimi. okay. please find the others. okay. okay. i think i'll play with this one first. he looks fun to pick on. shall i bring him here. nah. i'll go get him myself. takeru, are you okay. i think so but i suddenly felt something tickling me and i couldn't stop laughing. maybe something's wrong with me. are you sure you're not hurt. hey, stop worrying about me so much. i can take care of myself now. takeru let's play~ let's play~ takeru, be careful. let's play~ that voice is getting closer. let's play. you're just try and lay a finger on takeru again. you won't get away with it. so you're called takeru. hey, join me in a game of war. game. like pretend. here, i'll let you use this. it's heavy ththis is a real gun. i'll die if i played with this thing. but of course. dying for real is what makes the game fun. but don't worry. i won't let you die that easily. it'll be pretty boring if you died right away, you know. takeru. don't listen to what he's saying. you stay out of this. this is. oniichan. oniichan. now, let's get going. no. you won't. it won't be any fun if you don't come, so maybe i'll just kill him instead. well. you can't. then you're coming, right. takeru. don't listen to him. you shut up. i'll go. i just have to follow you, right. that's what i like to hear. there you are. bang. hurry up and run, this is getting boring. ookay. someone's coming. wonder who it is. it must be pinocchimonsama's new toy. uum hhey, don't tell anyone i'm hiding here, okay. hey, did takeru come in here. takeru. oh, if you mean that human boy, then he's hiding between those shelves. really. okay. come out with your hands up. he's not here. that can't be. we just saw him. liars. man, they make me so mad there you are. going upstairs, are we. what's a building doing out here. maybe takeru is inside. what the heck is going on around here.. sora. yamato. takeru was taken by pinocchimon. what. we have to save him. where did pinocchimon and takeru go. i don't know. get a hold of yourself, yamato. i'm sure the moving road we were on earlier leads to pinocchimon. yeah, that must be it. let's look for that road. let's go, guys. who are you. pinocchimonsama is enjoying his playtime right now. please don't interfere. kiwimon adult data ancient bird digimon special attack little pecker kiwimon. an ancient digimon who was once believed to be extinct. although he is a birdtype digimon, his wings have degenerated so he cannot fly. his special attack is little pecker. little pecker. koromon, evolve. agumon. baby flame. magical fire. petit thunder. petit fire. what's this. what are these dolls for. oww. what's wrong, jyou. someone pushed me out of nowhere. are you all right, jyousan. then what's this. i have to let takeru know about this. found you. i think i'll start with your legs first. huh. i'm out of bullets. got to put in new ones~ he'll kill me at this rate. i have to do something. something this is no fun at all. what. i'm sick of the same thing happening over and over. i didn't expect to find out that you're a boring person. no one's ever told me that before. really. it's because you don't have any friends, is it. ii have friends. then why don't you let me meet them. i'll introduce you guys one of these days. not one of these days, do it now. now isn't a good time i bet you don't have any real friends at all. i do. i'll go get one of them right now, so wait here. takeru. patamon. this will work. hey. where's takeru.. answer me. just focus on attacking him for now. as if you can understand how i feel. if we don't beat him, we won't be free to go rescue takeru. no. we have to find out where takeru is before we beat him. gabumon. okay. gabumon, warpevolve. it won't glow what's wrong, yamato. i can't evolve. little pecker. all done. no matter how you look at this thing, it's a friend. i've brought my friend. look. huh. it's pinocchimonsama's new toy. we shouldn't get involved in this mess de aru. let's pretend we didn't see him. okay. piyomon, evolve. birdramon. unknown power dwells in your heart shiranai pawaa ga yadoru what. when its fire is lit haato ni hi ga tsuitara meteor wing. even your wishes, it's true, donna negai mo uso ja nai will surely be granted, so kitto kanau kara thank you, birdramon. show me your brave heart show me your brave heart piyomon. takeru where's takeru. look at what you've done. now we don't know where takeru is.. hey. calm down, yamato. hey. takerukun. hey, you guys. takeru. i was able to protect myself all on my own this time. that's awesome, takeru. you did great. we were so worried about you. you sure grew up without us even realizing it. stop it, guys, you're embarrassing me. yamato. i busted the weird gadgets that made the ground move and stuff, too. really. that's great. everything's all right now. pinocchimon was manipulating us with these dolls. this is me. i don't look anything like it. but yours looks cute, mimichan. no way. i'm not this ugly. but i'll keep it as a souvenir anyway. well. show us, show us~ show us, show us~ huh. where's my brother. i saw yamato go over there just hhuh. so he doesn't like playing with me, huh. i see. i get it. original concept hongou akiyoshi  script yoshimura genki  chief animation director nobuzane setsuko  episode director shibata hiroki  voice talent yagami taichi  takenouchi sora  ishida yamato  izumi koushiro  tachikawa mimi  takaishi takeru  kido jyou  hikari  fujita toshiko  mizutani yuko  kazama yuuto  tenjin umi  maeda ai  konishi hiroko  kikuchi masami  araki kae  voice talent agumon  piyomon  gabumon  tentomon  palmon  patamon  gomamon  tailmon  sakamoto chika  shigematsu katori  yamaguchi mayumi  sakurai takahiro  mizowaki shihomi  matsumoto miwa  takeuchi junko  tokumitsu yuka  voice talent pinocchimon  narration  kozakura etsuko  hirata hiroaki  translation onkeikun editing splash timing kamika farinas splash typesetting splash raws onkeikun karaoke timing mirrim splash karaoke styling j0hnny kaiserdragon encoding nitephire opening theme butterfly artist wada kouji  songwriter chiwata hidenori  composer chiwata hidenori  arranger watanabe cheru  insert song brave heart artist miyazaki ayumi  songwriter oomori sachiko  composer/arranger oota michihiko  ending theme keep on artist maeda ai  songwriter nk composer kine naoto  arrangers kine naoto & yuasa kouichi  "takeru has grown up into a strong person. " "but what about me." separating from his friends, yamato questions himself in solitude. is it okay to leave things like this. jureimon's words take root within yamato's impatient heart. he tells yamato to defeat his rival. then he will find the answer. next time on digimon adventure: jureimon and the forest of doubt. jureimon and the forest of doubt now the adventure evolves. )