wizarmon's sacrifice triggered tailmon to evolve into angewomon. after absorbing all of the other digimon's power, she was able to defeat vamdemon. however, the barrier would not crumble. odaiba was still wrapped in fog. why. revival. the devil, venomvamdemon revival. the devil, venomvamdemon. damn it. defeating vamdemon wasn't enough. no way. does that mean we'll be stuck in here forever. you have email. email. it's from gennaisan. email from gennai from gennai to koushiro "great news." you have received an animated email. the attached file will be automatically decompressed. rejoice, children. i've found a hint to defeating vamdemon. these are prophetic inscriptions that i've found in the ancient ruins. "first, the sky will be concealed by a flock of bats. " then it says, "the people will chant the name of the undead digimon king. " "when the clock strikes the number of the beast," "the undead digimon king will reveal his true form as the beast. " "then angels will let fly the arrows of hope and light at the loved ones of those whom they are to protect," "and a miracle will happen. " well, i wish you luck. hey, does he mention anything about making this fog go away. well oniichan let's hurry back to mom and dad. yeah. i'd like to see what happened to my place, too. i want to change out of my pajamas. anyway, let's get a move on. yeah. yeah. just what is going on here. let me explain. thanks for waiting. huh. is jyousenpai here yet. no, not yet. dad. mom. my brothers aren't here either. they must have been caught with the others. let's go back. yeah bakemon.. that's a mean thing to say. note: "bakemon" is short for "bakemono," which translates to "monster. " you shouldn't go around calling other people monsters. sshinniisan. you're safe. safe. what do you mean by that. who made this mess.. the bakemon. whwho are you. eer, i'll explain everything later by the way, why were you sleeping in the closet. i've always slept here ever since we moved to odaiba. didn't you know that. nope. but we've lived together all this time. then, you'll be checking things out at big sight. we'll look for a way to break through the fog. jyou. are you really planning on becoming a doctor like me. you're a doctor. i'm still in med school. wow, you must be really smart. dad told me to be one it's impossible for you. hey. i don't care if you are jyou's brother, you've got no right to make fun of him. fierce, aren't you. but no, i'm not making fun of him. i just don't think it's a suitable profession for him since he faints at the sight of blood. oh, then i'll have to agree. anyway, we'll talk about this later. the others are here. let's go, guys. evolve. piyomon. tentomon. gomamon. palmon. neko punch.  baby flame. petit thunder. marching fishes. poison ivy. magical fire. thanks, guys. mom. wake up. dad, you too. papa, mama. i thought it was just the fog that hadn't changed his pulse is normal. dad jyou. listen you don't have to live your life the way our parents want you to. the truth is, i won't be either. after i take the national exam, i'm thinking of working in an isolated island that has no doctors. dad will probably go nuts when he hears about it. i didn't know. well, putting that aside, taking care of these people comes first. if only we could get help from the outside. it's impossible for us to get through this fog. hey. takeru's mommy, can you hear me. i'll help. takeru's mommy. hey, join us takeru. but she can't hear us from here. really. it's my fault they're like this. it's my fault, too. don't worry. they're just sleeping. everyone will wake up soon. mom petit fire. air shot. there are too many of them. hurry. nno. what just happened. look at that. "first, the sky will be concealed by a flock of bats. " the real terror is just beginning. what did you want to talk with me about. while the two of us were hiding at home, we talked and we've decided that it's time we've finally told you this. the truth is we're not your real parents. i already know. i tried to pretend that i hadn't heard anything. i thought that by acting normal, things would stay the same as before but i couldn't do it. the more i tried to act as if things hadn't changed, the more weirder it felt in the end i grew drawn to my computer so i wouldn't have to show anyone my true self there is nothing wrong with being into computers. dad that trait of yours is what makes you who you are. still, you really are exactly like your real father. my real father. he was a distant relative of mine and a genius mathematician. he was also a lecturer at a university. twelve years ago, he married your real mother and they had you. he was with her when they met a terrible car accident. neither of them survived. we had a child of our own once. a little boy. but he died when he was just a baby. then, when we were asked if we could take care of you well so that's what happened. we had planned to tell you everything when you were older. but we didn't think that you would have already figured it out. this must have been hard for you to deal with on your own. i'm sorry. no actually, i'm really grateful that you told me the truth. thank you. i i mean ththanks you don't have to change yourself for us. yes. all we want is for you to be happy. koushirohan. cry your heart out. let yourself be pampered. sora. your mother. vamdemonsama. vamdemonsama. mom, what's wrong. mom. more data. vamdemonsama. more power. very well. just a little longer before vamdemonsama is fully restored. vamdemonsama. vamdemonsama. stop that, dad. mom. papa, mama. whwhat is this. vamdemonsama. in physical terms, everyone is still asleep vamdemonsama. so technically speaking, they're all sleep talking um, you know there's something about this that bothers me. the prophecy, right. "the people will chant the name of the undead digimon king. " yes. the part about the bats was true, too. what. what was the third line. "when the clock strikes the number of the beast," "the undead digimon king will reveal his true form as the beast. " what does "the number of the beast" mean. it's the number that appears in the book of revelations. there's not much time. we won't make it. is that vamdemon. but he's huge. he truly is beastlike. let's go, gabumon. agumon, evolve. greymon. gabumon, evolve. garurumon. looks like you can't even speak before venomvamdemon's power. venomvamdemon. being undead means he possesses invulnerability. power i need more power your meal is waiting for you at big sight. vamdemonsama. come along, sir, i will lead you there. i'll start with you first. whwhat are you doing, sir.. he's headed towards the people at big sight. we won't let him near them. garurumon. i know, yamato. let's go. greymon, superevolve. garurumon, superevolve. metalgreymon. weregarurumon. anyone can run and give up nigetari akirameru koto wa daremo use your giga destroyer, metalgreymon. got it. giga destroyer. when given a second, so let's keep on walking instead isshun areba dekiru kara arukitsuzukeyou there's something only you can do kimi ni shika dekinai koto ga aru aoi hoshi ni kaiser nail. so that this blue planet doesn't lose its light hikari ga nakusenu you ni it didn't hurt him at all. engetsu geri.  seize the dreams you painted. tsukame. egaita yume wo protect your beloved friends. mamore. daiji na tomo wo giga destroyer. then you can become stronger takumashii jibun ni nareru sa did they get him. unknown power dwells in your heart shiranai pawaa ga yadoru food when its fire is lit haato ni hi ga tsuitara food. ununbelievable. even your wishes, it's true, donna negai mo uso ja nai taichi. will surely be granted, so kitto kanau kara let everyone else at big sight know about this. the two of us will stop him somehow. show me your brave heart show me your brave heart okay. we're counting on you. let's go. food. food. vamdemonsama. we've got trouble. can't we move everyone to some other place. there are too many people. we have no other choice but to defeat venomvamdemon. i'll help you. we will, too. me, too. all right then, me too. all of you stay here. only patamon needs to come with me. what you must do is store up energy for your next evolution. i hate to admit it, but tailmon is right. let's listen to her, everyone. why is it that when everyone evolved into perfect, you turned back into adult form while palmon and the others became baby levels. i possess a different level of selfdisclipine compared to the rest of you. let's go, patamon. yeah. all right, we're coming too. koushiro. let's join them. patamon, evolve. angemon. tailmon, superevolve. angewomon. they transformed into angels this time. it's not transformation, it's evolution. angemon adult vaccine angel digimon special attack heaven's knuckle angemon. an adult level angel digimon. his special attack, heaven's knuckle, shines like gold when it is unleashed from his holy fist. angewomon perfect vaccine angel digimon special attack holy arrow angewomon. a perfect level angel digimon. her special attack, holy arrow, releases electricity of herculean strength. what is all of this adult level, perfect level stuff. they indicate the evolution level of the digimon. the lowest level is baby, and from there they level up sequentially. whwhat destructive power. metalgreymon. what happened. they must have run out of energy. die. holy arrow. heaven's knuckle. curse you, powers of evil. we will destroy you once more. you think you can defeat a king.. i'm sorry we're not enough to beat him he's too strong. is that beast also a perfect level. i'll look it up. venomvamdemon ultimate virus undead digimon special attack venom infuse venomvamdemon. an ultimate level evolved from vamdemon. he has lost both his intelligence and sense of reason. uultimate level.. there's an evolution level that's above perfect.. your attacks don't work against me. you can do it, angemon. angewomon. what does the prophecy say next. then angels will let fly the arrows of hope and light at the loved ones of those whom they are to protect, and a miracle will happen. angels by "angels," doesn't that mean. angemon and angewomon. they must be the angels. then who are the people they protect. keep trying, angemon. it's takerukun and hikarisan. you too, angewomon. but who is it that they love the most. angel person to protect person that person loves most let's use me as an example. if i were the angel, then the person i protect would be koushirohan. and the people i love most are my mom and dad. and the people that hikarihan and takeruhan love most would be their family. their parents and siblings. but why would they shoot arrows at the people they love. then angels will let fly angels in roman mythology, cupid shot arrows at people to fill them with love. arrows that fill people with love. that's it, koushirohan. angemon and angewomon must shoot arrows of love at you two. hey, we still haven't fully figured this out yet. what do you think. that's gotta be it. hikari. oniichan angewomon's arrow of light. angemon's arrow of hope. get them to shoot at us. i can cross over to the other side of the sky kimi to dattara koete yukeru sa if they do that. you both might die. we won't. right. if it's with you ano sora no mukou made okay my light. no matter how hard it seems donna tsurai koto demo my hope. i'm sure we'll be all right kitto daijoubu sa that's right sou sa shoot those arrows at our brothers. we're unfinished dreamers bokura wa mikansei no dreamers believe in miracles. let's believe in miracles. let's stick out our chests in the wind as we go kaze ni mune wo hatte yukou yamato, stop this. taichi, don't be reckless. i'm always reckless, remember. let us handle this. i'll turn my courage into wings yuuki wo tsubasa ni shite are you scared. no way. and fly away right now ima sugu tobitatou yo but that would be a big fat lie. actually so am i. no matter what happens  donna toki datte  hold on tight so i don't run away. i'll always believe in you kimi wo shinjiteru that goes the same for me. awaken a miracle. agumon, warpevolve. wargreymon. run faster than the wind. hashire. kaze yori hayaku gabumon, warpevolve. aim higher than the skies. mezase. sora yori tooku then you can meet a new you atarashii jibun ni aeru sa unknown courage sleeps in your heart shiranai yuuki ga nemuru when you realize that haato ni ki ga tsuitara metalgarurumon. even the downpour within your heart mune no naka no doshaburi mo will surely stop, so kitto yamu kara show me your brave heart show me your brave heart original concept hongou akiyoshi  script masaki hiro  chief animation director yamaguchi toshio  episode director kakudou hiroyuki  voice talent yagami taichi  takenouchi sora  ishida yamato  izumi koushiro  tachikawa mimi  takaishi takeru  kido jyou  hikari  fujita toshiko  mizutani yuko  kazama yuuto  tenjin umi  maeda ai  konishi hiroko  kikuchi masami  araki kae  voice talent agumon  piyomon  gabumon  tentomon  palmon  patamon  gomamon  sakamoto chika  shigematsu katori  yamaguchi mayumi  sakurai takahiro  mizowaki shihomi  matsumoto miwa  takeuchi junko  voice talent vamdemon  picodevimon  tailmon  narration  ohtomo ryuzaburo  miyata kouki  tokumitsu yuka  hirata hiroaki  translation onkeikun editing splash timing splash typesetting splash raws onkeikun karaoke timing mirrim splash karaoke styling j0hnny kaiserdragon encoding nitephire opening theme butterfly artist wada kouji  songwriter chiwata hidenori  composer chiwata hidenori  arranger watanabe cheru  insert song brave heart artist miyazaki ayumi  songwriter oomori sachiko  composer/arranger oota michihiko  ending theme keep on artist maeda ai  songwriter nk composer kine naoto  arrangers kine naoto & yuasa kouichi  two ultimate level digimon have finally appeared. but venomvamdemon is too strong. his overwhelming powers of darkness continue to brush them aside. but they can't lose to something like that. they have their precious families and the world they must protect. the children stand firm as their feelings unite. their last battle with venomvamdemon finally reaches a conclusion. next time on digimon adventure: two great ultimate evolutions. beat down the darkness. now the adventure evolves. two great ultimate evolutions. beat down the darkness.. )