a mysterious fog suddenly enveloped odaiba. it was a barrier produced by vamdemon to capture the eighth child. with communication signals and transportation services severed, odaiba is put into complete isolation, and danger directly confronts taichi and the others. takeru and jyou, who were outside the barrier, hurried to odaiba. and then, to protect mimi's parents, togemon evolved into lilimon. but the one who blocked her path was none other than vamdemon. break through the barrier. zudomon spark. break through the barrier. zudomon spark. flower cannon. you would've stayed cute if you'd kept quiet. dead scream. lilimon. run, sora. but. but mom. hurry. night raid. lilimon. hang in there. meteor wing. sorasan. take lilimon and get out of here. what are you doing. hurry. mom. mom. mimichan. i'll make sure to save you. no. does it hurt, agumon. no. thank you hikari. what.. the entire area of odaiba is isolated. vamdemon must be behind all of this. it can only be him. he's blocked out everything in odaiba just so he can get the eighth child. he's even taken both adults and children hostage without discrimination. is this my fault. did everyone get captured to protect me. even mom. no, it's not, hikari. it's not your fault. it's vamdemon's. listen, hikari. just leave everything to me. all you have to do is stay here. yamato. can you take care of hikari for a while. yeah, okay hikari. i'll save mom and everyone else, okay. oniichan save tailmon, too. yeah, i'll take care of everything. if i don't come back in two hours, take hikari and get out of here. let's go, agumon. taichi. take good care of hikari. oniichan i have email from gennaisan. um etc etc. there's no time for small talk. you've got that right. since it's an emergency situation, i'll start with the important news first. first, put up a digital barrier at once. a digital barrier. download the program i sent you into another computer. as long as the digital barrier is set up, you'll be safe for the time being. koushirohan. you must hurry. they're almost here. water bus station while the cause of the problem is unknown to us, none of the water busses are able to make departure at this time. when are they going to work again.. we are sorry for the trouble. this isn't good what should we do. not even the ships are working. i have to get to odaiba by the afternoon. yurikamome station and the rainbow bridge are closed, too. do something. calm down, everyone. please don't push. mama. takeru. mama. mama. hurry hurry there's trouble out there, koushiro. we have to leave. no, it'll be safer if we stay in here. what are you saying. the monsters are almost here. just wait a little longer. please wait just a few more seconds. koushiro. come on. mom. wait, mom. just leave your computer behind. we have to get out of here. hurry, koushiro. let's have faith in koushiro. in our son. that's what we've always done. dear this place is next. digital barrier huh, they're not home. koushirohan, it worked big time. ii'm called tentomon. ppleased to meet you hhoney. what are you going to do to us.. give us back our children. all of you are going to be vamdemonsama's precious meal. go to sleep until then. no. all right, next. you understand, don't you. if you lie to me, i will kill all of these children. wwait everyone stay calm. i thought i was gonna die in there. jyousan. takerukun. jyousan, why aren't you in odaiba. this confusion happened while i was in summer school. hey, that fog must be yeah. it's most likely vamdemon who did it. odaiba must be in big trouble right now. oniichan i'm going to do whatever it takes to get to odaiba. i'll come with you. but how. with this. gomamon. i almost suffocated. all right. i'm counting on you, gomamon. okay. takeru. takeru. gomamon, evolve. ikkakumon. now, climb on. okay. what is that.. there's a boy. takeru. it's dangerous. get off that thing. it's okay, mama. this is ikkakumon. he's a friend. um, pleased to meet you. i'm kido jyou from sixth grade. i'll take good care of takerukun, so please don't worry. ttakeru. mama, don't worry. i'll be fine. takeru. i'll tell oniichan and papa you said hi. dear please protect those children it looks like the digital barrier is safely in place. yes. then listen. the mysterious fog that you see surrounding odaiba is really a magical barrier created by vamdemon. i knew it. does this mean we're like flies in a fly trap. the source of the barrier is located here. if you destroy the source, you will destroy the barrier. it's the fuji tv station. let's hurry. mom, dad i'm not sure when they will come again so please stay inside the house for now. you'll be safe as long as you stay in here. koushiro. be careful. come back safely, okay. to us. okay. i'll be back. wait for me. man, if you think human slaves had it bad, the bakemon are pushed around even worse gotcha. where is everyone. taichi. you're okay. the big sight center. that's where vamdemon is holding everyone. big sight. yeah mimichan is there and your parents too damn that vamdemon sora, i want you to bring yamato. he's with hikari in aqua city. okay. i'll do that. let's go. the satellites don't work either damn it. there's gotta be a way. some way to connect to the outside. i'm not enough to destroy this thing myself. should i evolve. wait. some people might still be in there. let's go take a look inside first. wizarmon. is that your digimon partner, hikarichan. no. that's tailmon. wizarmon is tailmon's friend. but he was killed by vamdemon and then mom was taken away what about dad. do you think they got my dad, too. he's okay, right. oniichan will save everyone, right. wwell i don't know with taichi on his own, it doesn't tell me it'll be okay. yamato, don't make her cry. takeru once we reach rainbow bridge, we'll be in the thick of the fog. huh. do you see something moving. where. look, from around there it's megaseadramon. megaseadramon perfect data aquatic digimon special attack thunder javelin megaseadramon. an aquatic type digimon who evolves from seadramon. his special attack, thunder javelin, is shot from his lightningshaped blade. the rainbow bridge. harpoon vulcan. all right. direct hit. takeru. jyou. takeru. help me. i can't swim. help me oniichan. takeru. grab onto that jyousan. i promised your mother that i'll protect you i have to keep my promijyousan. ikkakumon, superevolve. zudomon. anyone can run and give up nigetari akirameru koto wa daremo zudomon perfect vaccine ocean beast digimon special attack hammer spark a power type digimon who evolves from ikkakumon. his special attack, hammer spark, releases sparks from his strongest weapon, the thor hammer. when given a second, so let's keep on walking instead isshun areba dekiru kara arukitsuzukeyou there's something only you can do kimi ni shika dekinai koto ga aru aoi hoshi ni look. the fog it's clearing up. so that this blue planet doesn't lose its light hikari ga nakusenu you ni wow. go, zudomon. hammer spark. unknown power dwells in your heart shiranai pawaa ga yadoru when its fire is lit haato ni hi ga tsuitara even your wishes, it's true, donna negai mo uso ja nai all right. all right. will surely be granted, so kitto kanau kara we should go before the fog comes back to close up the hole. all right, let's go. show me your brave heart show me your brave heart the main source of the barrier should be around here somewhere if we strike that not good. let's go back. oh no. they've got us cornered. keep quiet. who are you. it's white everywhere. we can't even tell where we're going. take me to tailmon. whwho's that. i am wizarmon take me to tailmon aren't you one of vamdemon's minions. he looks hurt. pplease give this to tailmon look. it's a crest and tag. this is the eighth child's original say what.. say what.. two hours are almost up. where is taichi. yamato. hikarichan. sora. yamato. taichi told me you'd be here. everyone is held captive at big sight. big sight. even if i don't find the eighth child, i'll still be rewarded for killing you guys. your lives will end here. tuskmon adult virus dinosaur digimon special attack panzer knuckle tuskmon. a power digimon who knocks away anything in his path as his roars mightily. his special attack is panzer knuckle. snimon adult vaccine insect digimon special attack shadow sickle snimon. looking like a praying mantis, this insect digimon is cruel and villainous. his special attack is shadow sickle. gabumon, evolve. garurumon. garurumon. yamato. birdramon, superevolve. garudamon. please stop. the crest. i'm the eighth child. i'll follow you quietly. so please, stop hurting everyone. i praise you for your good intentions. very well. thank you. don't, hikarichan. you can't go. hikarichan. no longer could she stand watching other people get hurt for her sake. revealing that she was the eighth child, hikari fell into the enemy's hands. but taichi and the others had no way of knowing what had just happened. wait for me, hikari. i'll make sure to save everyone. original concept hongou akiyoshi  script maekawa atsushi  chief animation director yajima yoshitaka  episode director nakamura tetsuharu  voice talent yagami taichi  takenouchi sora  ishida yamato  izumi koushiro  tachikawa mimi  takaishi takeru  kido jyou  hikari  fujita toshiko  mizutani yuko  kazama yuuto  tenjin umi  maeda ai  konishi hiroko  kikuchi masami  araki kae  voice talent agumon  piyomon  gabumon  tentomon  lilimon  patamon  gomamon  sakamoto chika  shigematsu katori  yamaguchi mayumi  sakurai takahiro  mizowaki shihomi  matsumoto miwa  takeuchi junko  voice talent vamdemon  picodevimon  tailmon  wizarmon  taichis father  narration  ohtomo ryuzaburo  miyata kouki  tokumitsu yuka  ishida akira  chiba susumu  hirata hiroaki  translation onkeikun editing splash timing nitephire splash typesetting splash raws onkeikun karaoke timing mirrim splash karaoke styling j0hnny kaiserdragon encoding nitephire opening theme butterfly artist wada kouji  songwriter chiwata hidenori  composer chiwata hidenori  arranger watanabe cheru  insert song brave heart artist miyazaki ayumi  songwriter oomori sachiko  composer/arranger oota michihiko  ending theme keep on artist maeda ai  songwriter nk composer kine naoto  arrangers kine naoto & yuasa kouichi  hikari stands alone in the face of fear. taichi rushes as he and the children try to save his sister. vamdemon easily wipes out the special attacks that they fire one after the other. but when one life disappears to protect a friend, the power of the last crest is released and swoops down from the light of the heavens. next time on digimon adventure: all perfect levels advance. glittering angewomon. now the adventure evolves. all perfect levels advance. glittering angewomon )