in an uninhabited city where machines run endlessly taichi and the others were attacked by andromon. not even greymon and garurumon could bring down this perfect level digimon. but one wellplaced attack by tentomon's evolution, kabuterimon, stopped his rampage. meanwhile, koushiro found the key to the secret of the digital world in this city. that secret will soon become a great influence in their adventures. palmon's angry evolution. palmon's angry evolution. "i remember my hometown in distant lands" okay, digimon team, take it away with "su" from "lands. " "sweet it's not, sour it is, success is not meant for me me me." okay, children team, start with "e" in "me me me." e. e. e. e. e. "erroneous person~" what's that. it's enka. my dad sang this in karaoke a lot. i don't know that song. "even now, nothing will" oh, i know that one. "even now, nothing will" are you okay. what happened. some water fell on me your shirt is dirtied. i want to do laundry me too i want to relax in the bath i takeru, this isn't the time to be thinking about video games. i guess i can't laugh at him. what i want right now is sizzling barbeque i want to eat it 'til i'm stuffed. don't laugh, but i miss studying. i want to do loads of homework. that's an odd one. i want to drink some icecold cola. mimisan, that sounds good. i'd like that too. yeah. i i want to send emails back and forth with my friends. everyone's tired. how sad. those voices numemon. numemon. they're crude digimon who like dark, slimy places. are they strong. they're weak, but they're also dirty. dirty. they're known as the most hated in the digital world. the most hated. it really is numemon. run. why do we have to run from them if they're weak.. you'll find out. numemon mollusk digimon type adult data special attack poop numemon. weak mollusktype digimon who like dark, clammy places. they they attack with their own poop. what is this.. over here. the numemon hate the sunlight. there are so many drink vending machines here mimi you're not thinking of getting one, are you. of course i am. mimikun, they won't work anyway. geez it can't be helped. she's still a kid. cola. palmon, do you want one. no. you don't have to sound mad about it. hey, babe. numemon.. wanna date me. he's hitting on you. what are you gonna do. eh. nothing, of course. why do i have to date a lowlife like him.. don't make him mad. don't worry. the sunlight will no way who are you calling a lowlife. now i'm pissed. again.. tthere's so many no way let's split up. okay. poison ivy. huh. palmon, that was awesome. but that's weird. i didn't do anything yet monzaemon. welcome to toy town. monzaemon puppet digimon perfect type vaccine special attack lovely attack monzaemon. although he looks like a stuffed animal, he's actually a perfect level digimon. his special attack, lovely attack, even makes his enemies happy. what is he. a digimon. yeah. he's much stronger than he looks. he loves toys, and the toys love him too. he's the mayor of toy town. so he's a good digimon. i think so. we've been waiting for you, miss. why is a good digimon attacking us.. i don't know. please enjoy yourselves. it's an honor to meet you. something must have happened to monzaemon. why couldn't we meet him before that happened.. babe, this way. numemon.. we have to hide. let's play together. he left i wonder if something happened at toy town. hey babe, wanna have a date with me at toy town. no. let's go, palmon. that chick is so blunt. that's toy town. beautiful. it's like an amusement park. looks like no one's here. someone's coming. this is fun. this is fun. taichisan. toy town is so much fun. this is fun. this is fun. it doesn't look much fun. this is so, so interesting~. what is. i'm happy. i'm happy. i've never been happier. he doesn't look happy at all. yeah. i'm choochoochoo happy. this is the best. i'm having the time of my life. banzai. banzai. banzai. banzai. it's like everyone lost their emotions what's wrong with them. weird. agumon and the others should be with them is someone in there. is that you, agumon. where are piyomon, tentomon, gabumon, gomamon, and patamon. all of us are in here. what happened.. we were beaten by monzaemon. welcome to toy town. run. baby flame. no good. baby flame doesn't work. lovely attack. when we woke up we were in here we've been waiting for you. magical fire. lovely attack. piyomon. please enjoy yourselves. petit thunder. petit fire. air shot. lovely attack. the digimon will go in the toy box. the children will have their emotions erased and serve as toys for the toys. toys for the toys. choochoochoo. this is the best. so the toys were playing with them what happened to monzaemon. i dunno hey, can you get out of this box. we tried to break it, but we can't. don't worry about us. you have to save yamato first. how. you'll have to defeat monzaemon. that's impossible. palmon, mimi. you're the only ones we can rely on. what should we do. how should i know. monzaemon's lovely attack is hearts stuffed with happiness it's supposed to be a happy attack banzai. banzai. what's "happy" about it. shut up. welcome to toy town. monzaemon. miss, we've been waiting for you. be quiet. i don't know what happened to you, but you can't just take away my friends' feelings. give them back. give me a break.. why do i have to be chased by a giant stuffed teddy bear.. i don't know. please enjoy yourselves. babe, we're here to save ya. numemon why.. the numemon are fighting for me even though they can't do anything but throw poop i can fight too. palmon, stay away. poison ivy. palmon. are you okay. poison ivy doesn't work. lovely attack. run, mimi. numemon. they're useless and cowardly, but the numemon are desperately trying to protect mimi palmon, evolve. togemon. anyone can run and give up nigetari akirameru koto wa daremo here i come. when given a second, so let's keep on walking instead isshun areba dekiru kara arukitsuzukeyou there's something only you can do kimi ni shika dekinai koto ga aru aoi hoshi ni so that this blue planet doesn't lose its light hikari ga nakusenu you ni unknown power dwells in your heart shiranai pawaa ga yadoru when its fire is lit haato ni hi ga tsuitara even your wishes, it's true, donna negai wo uso janai chikuchiku bang bang.  will surely be granted, so kitto kanau kara show me your brave heart show me your brave heart palmon. you were wonderful. ii can't breathe. when people get tired of their toys, they break them readily, without a single thought. i couldn't forgive that. that's why as mayor of toy town, i wanted to raise the social status of the toys "the social status of the toys." i think he means making us realize the importance of toys. that's right. toys shouldn't be toyed with, but played with. so that's why you made us play for the toys. i'm sorry. i got carried away with myself. a black gear. that gear must've been what made monzaemon act that way. i can understand monzaemon's love of toys. yeah. palmon, thank you for bringing me back to my senses. to show my gratitude, i shall make you happy. this is my real lovely attack. happy. lovely. babe, kiss me. no. nothing's changed voices yagami taichi takenouchi sora ishida yamato izumi koushiro tachikawa mimi takaishi takeru kido jyou fujita toshiko mizutani yuko kazama yuuto tenjin umi maeda ai konishi hiroko kikuchi masami voices agumon piyomon gabumon tentomon palmon patamon gomamon sakamoto chika shigematsu katori yamaguchi mayumi sakurai takahiro mizowaki shihomi matsumoto miwa takeuchi junko voices monzaemon numemon narration takahashi hiroki ueda yuji hirata hiroaki jyou can't form compromises for everyone's differing opinions. to fulfill his duty as the eldest, he decides to climb up infinity mountain. but the black gears were also lurking there. with danger drawing near jyou, gomamon's cry of evolution echoes throughout the mountain. next time on digimon adventure: a roar. ikkakumon now the adventure evolves. a roar. ikkakumon )