picodevimon's schemes caused the children to scatter. once the truth behind his intent was revealed, they decided to regroup once again. however, only sora failed to show herself before the others. radiant wings. garudamon radiant wings. garudamon all right, we're here. i'm tired come down, princess. give me your hand. don't call me a princess. i'm just kidding. hey. it's yamato. you've turned smaller since i last saw you. leave us alone. where's sora. we didn't see her. i see where could she have gone. i i think i might have seen her. where. at the geckomon's palace. but it might have been a dream so that's what happened. actually even the voice that told me not to eat the mushrooms i feel like it sounded a lot like sora's really. but if that's true, then why hasn't sorasan come to us. there's no use thinking about it. we're not her. we'll have to catch her first. this is like playing hideandseek. it's coming from this direction. i've grown quite tired of your incompetence. vamdemon ultimate virus undead digimon special attack night raid bloody stream vamdemon. an exceedingly brutal and sly undead digimon. his special attacks are night raid and bloody stream. pplease forgive me vamdemonsama. courage, hope, friendship the children's crests have regained their light one after the other. i am most ashamed for my failures. bbut, vamdemonsama. not all of the crests have activated yet. especially this girl. her crest of love will never glow. the truth is, it's because i've given her some advice. the other six should be gathering by her side any time now. if we wait for that when that time comes, call for me. i'll personally send those children straight to hell. hey. sora. sorasan. hey let's stop here for today and find some place to rest. it's too dangerous to wander around in the dark. i'm tired but she should be around here. what's wrong. i can hear something. maybe it's sorasan. it's flymon. i can bring up his stats by using the digimon analyzer that gennaisan sent me. flymon here it is. adult flymon. an insect digimon. adult level. flymon adult virus insect digimon special attack deadly sting sprays stingers filled with deadly poison his special attack, deadly sting, sprays poison stingers. poison stingers.. taichi. yamato. koromon, evolve. agumon. tsunomon, evolve. gabumon. gabumon. baby flame. petit fire. oh no. flymon is too fast. marching fishes. poison ivy. it's birdramon. meteor wing. since birdramon is here sora. taichi, wait for me. me too. i'm coming too. takeru, don't leave me behind. wait, sora. sora. why are you running away. explain yourself, sora. sorasan, do you hate us now. no that's not it why don't you tell them. when piyomon and i left that night to look for taichi someone's there. i i saw them. i saw picodevimon talking to someone. what were they talking about. our crests. our crests. yes. each of our crests has a different meaning. for example, you have the crest of courage, taichi. crest of courage. bring out your courage. i see. so that's why my crest glowed back then. yamatokun, yours is the crest of friendship. friendship. what about mine. yours is the crest of hope. the crest of hope. koushirokun has the crest of knowledge. jyousenpai has the crest of sincerity. mimichan has the crest of purity. and mine is the crest of love. love fits you perfectly, sora. no it doesn't. it doesn't fit me at all. bbut you always think about the others and i don't care about the others. you don't you don't know what i'm really like, so stop talking as if you do. i'm sorry. whwhat's wrong. my crest it won't glow. because i don't have any love. what do you mean, you don't have any love. i don't understand this at all. man, girls are so much trouble. don't make fun of her, taichi. i'm just kidding. picodevimon told me. who are you. well, well. you just saw something you weren't meant to see. did you hear about the crests. yyes, i did. you're sorasan, aren't you. the crest of love, huh. what's so funny about that. how i pity you. you were raised without knowing any real love. it's beyond question that your crest of love will never glow. don't be stupid. picodevimon was obviously lying. no he wasn't lying. it happened back when i was on the girls' soccer team i was their ace striker. please understand, mom. i have to be there. please, lower your voice or the flowers will wilt. today is a really important match. and how do you plan on playing with that leg of yours. this is it's nothing. anyway, sit down. i want you to quit soccer. you can't even learn to sit gracefully on your heels from it. no. i like soccer more than flowers. sora. how can you call yourself my daughter. why can't you understand.. sora, your house is famous for traditional flower arrangement, isn't it. yeah. my family is an iemoto . what's an "iemoto ." it means her mother is a master who teaches flower arranging. in the end, we lost horribly from that game. i couldn't stay in that club anymore. my mom doesn't see me as anything beyond the daughter of a flower arrangement school. she thinks our reputation as an iemoto is more important than i am. that's the kind of woman she is. so even if i am raised without love, there's nothing i can do about that. stop it, sora. let go of me. whether that's true or not, you can't believe in what picodevimon said. hey, don't cry. hhey, yamato what should i do. if she wants to cry, then let her. yamato is so mature. well, more than taichi anyway. sorasan thank you. you're the one who told us not to eat the mushrooms, right. we knew picodevimon was plotting something, so we followed him secretly. also when yamato and jyou were working in digitamamon's restaurant i didn't know. you didn't have to hide from us. sora wanted to be alone. but she couldn't just leave the rest of you completely. understand her, okay. i really like you, sorasan. so don't leave us anymore, okay. i don't like it when my family i mean, when everyone becomes separated. takerukun okay, i won't. i'm sorry. hey. hey. what took you so long. jyousenpai took his time after falling into the river. mimikun, you kept sitting down and complaining about how tired and hungry you were. they're all here. i must inform vamdemonsama of this right away. they're all sleeping deeply. i'll pick off a few of them before vamdemonsama arrives. pico darts. sora, look out. piyomon. piyomon. hang in there. piyomon. i'll protect you what. what's wrong. it's picodevimon. whawhat's that. chosen children. that's him. he's the guy picodevimon was talking to. don't call him by such rude terms. this is vamdemonsama. vamdemon. vamdemonsama . your journey ends here. night raid. let's go, guys. baby flame. petit fire. motimon, evolve. tentomon. petit thunder. air shot. they just keep coming. mimi. palmon, evolve. togemon. everyone, get down. chikuchiku bang bang. now. gomamon, evolve. ikkakumon. harpoon vulcan. you got him. you think you've won. bloody stream. taichi he's strong no way. i have to go i'm the only one left you can't. how do you plan on attacking him with your wounds. please understand, sora i have to go. you can't. let go. no. you can't go. why can't you understand.. why can't you understand.. mom. she was really she was really thinking about me first piyomon, evolve. birdramon. meteor wing. bloody stream. birdramon. birdramon. birdramon, superevolve. garudamon. anyone can run and give up nigetari akirameru koto wa daremo whwhat is that light. when given a second, so let's keep on walking instead isshun areba dekiru kara arukitsuzukeyou sora, your love i felt so much of it. there's something only you can do kimi ni shika dekinai koto ga aru aoi hoshi ni piyomon you look so cool. garudamon ultimate vaccine bird man digimon special attack shadow wing garudamon. a bird man digimon that evolves from garudamon. so that this blue planet doesn't lose its light hikari ga nakusenu you ni she is the guardian deity of justice and order who loves the natural environment. her special attack is shadow wing. seize the dreams you painted. tsukame. egaita yume wo the crest of love just had to activate at the most crucial moment. protect your beloved friends. mamore. daiji na tomo wo i will protect sora. then you can become stronger takumashii jibun ni nareru sa shadow wing. unknown power dwells in your heart shiranai pawaa ga yadoru when its fire is lit haato ni hi ga tsuitara night raid. even your wishes, it's true, donna negai mo uso ja nai will surely be granted, so kitto kanau kara come, let's run while we still can. show me your brave heart show me your brave heart see. there was nothing to worry about. your crest glowed after all. before i knew what i was doing i was acting just like my mom. sora that's when i understood my mom loved me all along. i felt it too. i felt your love. i'm sorry about before. i'm glad you're back to your usual self. i want sora's love too. taichi, you dummy. what do you think you're saying.. jyousan, your face is red. jyousenpai. shall i give you my love. here you go. mimikun you know the children accepted sora back into their group and their unity was even stronger than before. however that voice. chosen children. with only the power of seven, you cannot thwart the might of our evil powers. voices yagami taichi takenouchi sora ishida yamato izumi koushiro tachikawa mimi takaishi takeru kido jyou fujita toshiko mizutani yuko kazama yuuto tenjin umi maeda ai konishi hiroko kikuchi masami voices agumon piyomon gabumon tentomon palmon patamon gomamon sakamoto chika shigematsu katori yamaguchi mayumi sakurai takahiro mizowaki shihomi matsumoto miwa takeuchi junko voices vamdemon picodevimon narration ohtomo ryuzaburo miyata kouki hirata hiroaki the eighth chosen child is in tokyo. the children rejoice upon learning that they have another comrade. but vamdemon was already progressing with his fearsome plans. gathering up strong evil digimon, his invasion of japan will now commence. will the children be able to stop vamdemon. next time on digimon adventure: vamdemon's castle of darkness now the adventure evolves. vamdemon's castle of darkness )