picodevimon's tricks pulled the children apart. taichi persuaded his friends to return. even sora, the last of their team, came back. but just then, their newest enemy, vamdemon, appeared before them. he was the leader who controlled picodevimon behind the curtains. taichi and the others were barely able to escape vamdemon's attacks, but vamdemon's appearance has become a new threat to them. vamdemon's castle of darkness vamdemon's castle of darkness. these bags are useful, aren't they. i swiped them from the restaurant. i thought your diligence was all you had going for you, but i see even you make some nice moves, jyou. well, yeah. mimikun, cheer up. but now that vamdemon's appeared, we'll have to keep running from him like we did with etemon, right. well, that's true what. that's only for the time being. we'll take him down sooner or later. yeah. taichisan. what's up. are you guys finished preparing the food. it's not that. gennaisan is here. gennai. gennai. hey, gramps. what is it this time. i have both good news and bad news, so which would you like to hear first. i'd like to say leave the good news for last, but we'll end up disappointed either way, so let's hear the good news first. okay. then i'll start with the good news. the truth is, i've found you a new comrade. a comrade. you mean a chosen child. yes. there are actually supposed to be eight chosen children altogether. hey, so does that mean there's another digimon who's on our side. yeah, it would. what's important to know is that if the eight of you aren't together, the distortions in this world won't be straightened out. that also includes the distortions in your world. understand what i mean. of course. but i wonder what that person is like. i hope i can meet our new friend soon. so. where is this guy. what's the name. the name is well um i'm sorry. but i do know where the child is located. in japan. japan. it's in the world where taichi and the others came from. oh yeah. you went there once, agumon. yeah. but now that means we can't meet that person. don't be so disappointed. well. what's the bad news. uh, vamdemon already knows the information that i've just told you about. he's in the midst of gathering an army to invade japan and kill the child. vamdemon is going to japan. recruiting soldiers they all look like worthless bums. nothing to worry about. i'll whip them into shape. nanimon adult virus invader digimon special attack poop what is this 'mon. actually that's his name. note: nanimon translates to "whatisthismon. " a tramp whose real identity is unknown, his nickname is "the old man. " his special attack is poop. i'm counting on you. only a sensei with years of military experience like yours is fit for this job. you got it. well, they're all yours. yay. yay. hey, is it true you're looking for soldiers. can we join. who are you guys. i'm punkagumon. i'm reggaepalmon. yay. yay. they might be better than these dorks. okay, come on over. yay. yay. yay. yay. enter. reporting in, vamdemonsama. potential soldiers are streaming in from everywhere. will they be useful. pprobably. those socalled soldiers of yours look like small potatoes to me. whwho's there. tailmon adult vaccine holy beast digimon special attack neko punch tailmon. although she looks like a cute kitty, all pretty roses have their thorns. with the aid of her long, sharp claws, her special attack, neko punch, holds considerable power. are you thinking of making a secondstring army with a ratty bunch like that. if i just had a chance, i'd. what. quit it. more importantly, tailmon, have you found anyone useful. yes, sir. just as you've ordered, i've searched everywhere and scouted a large number of valiant men who are willing to join us. i look forward to seeing how impressive they are. sir. excuse me for interrupting, vamdemonsama. what is it. the stone room is ready for your inspection. you two can go. sir. vamdemonsama. what is this, if i may ask. this is the door to other worlds. word of its existence has been passed along since ancient times. we will use this gate to invade the human world. and so, the gate that connects to japan should be somewhere inside this castle. then, the reason why vamdemon left picodevimon to deal with us was because he was busy making preparations to open the gate. that's right. but man, what are agumon and palmon doing. they disguised themselves to enlist in the army and help us sneak in, but they haven't shown themselves at all yet. we'd like more than anything to help but we're kind of busy right now. okay, next. stretch those earholes wide open and listen good. no one but the toughest will survive on the battlefield. if you don't wanna die, then shut your traps and keep going. keep going. they haven't even fed us anything yet. i can't take much more. no chitchatting over there. as punishment, you're skipping dinner tonight. no way. i enlisted in the first place 'cause i heard i could eat my fill every night. this sucks. if this keeps up, we won't have a chance to sneak everyone inside. we have to do something about nanimon. i used to be in the same squad as he was once. even back then he threw his weight around, but whenever it was time for real battle, he'd get wasted from drinking too much sake and end up doing nothing at all. we should make him drink sake until he gets drunk. he's a heavy drinker, huh. that just might work. we'll force sake on him and make him drink himself to sleep. good thinking. nice idea. but the two of us will stick out like sore thumbs if we tried to slip away you're right just leave it to us then. there are plenty of us here so he can't tell if one of us is missing. can you do it. of course. we're pissed off for not getting any grub. here i go. all right. now it's time to make a pyramid. yay. yay. here it is. just you watch. the grudge of food is deep and terrifying. hey, hey. you pipsqueaks shouldn't get exhausted from this. you're not allowed to lose focus yet. what's this. it's it's sake. this tastes great. there's so much sake. it's working. delicious. delicious delicious ooh no. my body's moving all on its own go. go. go. go. i feel great. all right. all right. the plan worked. now let's go. are they here yet. be patient. sorry for the wait. i won't be able to contact you inside the castle, so you're on your own. you can count on us. remember, stop vamdemon's plans and protect your comrade in japan. next. hurry. the key is within my grasp. after understanding the meaning hidden within these cards, they must be placed in the appropriate order. then the door to the other worlds will open. chosen children. no matter how hard you struggle, it is already too late. what's wrong. something's weird. what is. why.. how is it. it's very sturdy. that must mean this is a very important room. but doesn't this lock look rusty to you. yeah. maybe this room just hasn't been used in a long time. let's look somewhere else. okay. let's go, jyou. i was so sure this was the place i think we're lost no way i feel like we've passed through here before. taichisan. koushiro. you guys were searching below us. that's an odd thing to say. you two are the ones who are below us. no, it's you guys who are below us. no, you are. hey, hey wwhy. the time is at hand. get ready for departure. gather all of the soldiers to the stone room. yes, sir. yes, sir. i've made many preparations to open the gate for the sake of my goals but to think they will be useful now. first comes the eighth chosen child. your dead body will act as the foundation for my ambitions. this castle is very strange. the airspace in here must be distorted and warped. this isn't the first time we've seen this world acting weird. but this place is particularly weirder than the rest. maybe it's because vamdemon's power is strong. don't say that what's wrong. someone's coming. they're getting ready to leave. then let's follow them. exactly. listen closely. your target is the eighth chosen child. find him, and kill him. envelope everything in darkness and the powers of evil. tl n, uqbar, orbis tertius. everyone to the frontline. hold it. you're finally here. but it's too late. look well upon this historic moment. cut the crap. unfortunately i don't have the time right now to concern myself with you. picodevimon. silence them. understood. wait. think you can still win after all the times you've lost. it won't be like last time. go get 'em, sensei. you got it. i won't let you pass. don't get in our way. men. get them. i didn't want to fight you guys, but we're running out of time. forgive us, okay. agumon, evolve. greymon. palmon, evolve. togemon. gabumon, evolve. garurumon. tentomon, evolve. kabuterimon. gomamon, evolve. ikkakumon. hhey. you guys. turning tail in front of the enemy is a felony. who cares, you didn't even feed us. we'd rather make a quiet, decent living then die for this. hhey. surrender. i surrender. sensei, you can't do that. shut up. it's true that no one but the toughest can survive on the battlefield but you won't survive if being tough is all you've got. running away from a fight is also considered winning. just go home. excuse the intrusion. now, what are you going to do. ththis isn't fair. it's five against one. hey, let's get rid of this guy and go already. ii can't believe the day has come when you'd say that. damn it. i've hit rock bottom. pico darts. air shot. the gate is closing. playtime is over. move. honestly i can't stand watching this anymore. another small one showed up. shoo shoo, out of the way. you don't want to get hurt, do you. i see you're underestimating me. watch this. neko kick.  she's much stronger than she looks. here's my punch. now. let's go. you're not getting away. devidramon adult virus evil dragon digimon special attack crimson nail devidramon. an evil dragon digimon called "the multieyed demon. " his nails can rip through flesh and skewer his enemies from a long distance. his special attack is crimson nail. mega flame. fox fire. mega blaster. harpoon vulcan. chikuchiku bang bang. i can't move. that's it, that's it. get 'em. get 'em. keep attacking. mega flame. fox fire. air shot. hurry. damn it. taichi. jump in. all right, let's go. me, too. taichi. greymon, superevolve. metalgreymon. anyone can run and give up nigetari akirameru koto wa daremo all right. when given a second, so let's keep on walking instead isshun areba dekiru kara arukitsuzukeyou giga destroyer. there's something only you can do kimi ni shika dekinai koto ga aru aoi hoshi ni thanks, koromon. so that this blue planet doesn't lose its light hikari ga nakusenu you ni let's go, guys. hurry, everyone. seize the dreams you painted. tsukame. egaita yume wo hurry. i can't let you guys pass. protect your beloved friends. mamore. daiji na tomo wo then you can become stronger takumashii jibun ni nareru sa they're back. thanks. just a little further. unknown power dwells in your heart shiranai pawaa ga yadoru when its fire is lit haato ni hi ga tsuitara taichi. taichi. no we were so close. damn it. damn it. at this rate, the eighth child is. original concept hongou akiyoshi  script masaki hiro  chief animation director itou tomoko  episode director hayakawa keiji  voice talent yagami taichi  takenouchi sora  ishida yamato  izumi koushiro  tachikawa mimi  takaishi takeru  kido jyou  fujita toshiko  mizutani yuko  kazama yuuto  tenjin umi  maeda ai  konishi hiroko  kikuchi masami  voice talent agumon  piyomon  gabumon  tentomon  palmon  patamon  gomamon  sakamoto chika  shigematsu katori  yamaguchi mayumi  sakurai takahiro  mizowaki shihomi  matsumoto miwa  takeuchi junko  voice talent gennai  vamdemon  picodevimon  tailmon  nanimon  narration  yanami jouji  ohtomo ryuzaburo  miyata kouki  tokumitsu yuka  nomura kenji  hirata hiroaki  translation onkeikun editing splash timing splash typesetting splash raws onkeikun karaoke timing mirrim splash karaoke styling j0hnny kaiserdragon encoding nitephire opening theme butterfly artist wada kouji  songwriter chiwata hidenori  composer chiwata hidenori  arranger watanabe cheru  insert song brave heart artist miyazaki ayumi  songwriter oomori sachiko  composer/arranger oota michihiko  ending theme keep on artist maeda ai  songwriter nk composer kine naoto  arrangers kine naoto & yuasa kouichi  what can they do to open the gate again. not even gennai knows the secret behind the cards that hold the key to opening it. time keeps passing steadily. a swarm of dokugumon attacks them. despair hangs oppressively over the children. but don't give up, chosen children. the wheels of fate have only just begun to turn. next time on digimon adventure: pursuit. hurry to japan. now the adventure evolves. pursuit. hurry to japan )