determined to kill the eighth chosen child, vamdemon brought his subordinates with him to hikarigaoka. to stop him, the children had no other choice but to reopen the gate within vamdemon's castle. after gennai taught them how to do that, taichi and the others stormed into the castle and finally opened the gate. when they came to, the children found themselves back on the campgrounds. clash with mammon in hikarigaoka. clash with mammon in hikarigaoka. you don't think vamdemon has already found the eighth child, do you. according to my calculations, not even a minute should have passed between vamdemon's arrival in hikarigaoka and our appearance here. the flow of time between the two worlds is different. the problem is how we get to hikarigaoka. it's pretty far from here. but is today really the same day we were in camp. we stayed for months in the other world. that's true no matter how different the flow of time may be, we don't know for sure. i'll go take a look at the camp. we shouldn't have taken up that much time. koromon. you don't all have to come. but still i'm going as camp group leader. we're all curious about what could have happened while we were gone. but how do we explain it if someone saw these guys. yagami. it's fujiyamasensei. sensei. you idiot. why are you loitering around here and not clearing out your things. uum, well what do you mean, clearing out. we can't stay camping here in this snow, of course. everyone else is getting ready to go home. ooh, yeah. what are those filthy things you're holding. are they toys. yyes, that's right. who are you calling filthy.. you can't talk. pretend you're stuffed animals. ththese are, uh, plushies. i can see that. ssomeone threw them out here and we found them. yyeah, that's it. they were in a remote region deep within the mountains where people never pass through. we went through lots and lots of trouble before we finally got them. how did you even find them in the first place if they were in an area that people don't go through. ththat just tells you what a difficult place they were in. right, guys. right. right. ssee. you remember that my little sister hikari wasn't able to come, right. i thought i'd give this to her as a souvenir. she likes this kind of stuff. oh yeah, she had a cold, didn't she. but she's all better now. i made her omelettes. you. bbefore i came to camp, that is. a souvenir for your sister, huh. well, after you've all finished gathering your bags, meet up at the parking lot. okay. okay. don't be long about it. okay. okay. but how do we get to hikarigaoka. i've got a plan. so the eighth child is near here. yeah. isn't that right, vamdemonsama. what's the matter, sir. i will wait in the world of darkness until that ball of light disappears. take care of the rest, tailmon. leave it to me, vamdemonsama. please, wait for me. listen up. don't ever open your mouths in front of the other humans, got it. okay. we got it. we just need to pretend to be dolls, right. whoa, taichi. i just told you not to talk. but there are so many children. i didn't know there could be so many human children. it's too early for you to be surprised just by this. there are thousands of more children all throughout the world. no, make that millions. there are millions of soras.. there's only one of me. when we go to the city, you'll see tons more adults and children, too. michan. i missed you. but i was with you earlier. what's the matter. taako. how are you. hey, mimi oh, mimi i kept telling her that time hasn't passed here, but she still doesn't listen. i understand how you feel, but we need to focus on how to get to hikarigaoka quickly. all right. sensei. fujiyamasensei. could you drop us off somewhere along the way. drop you off. of course not. i have a responsibility to make sure all of you get back to your homes. oh c'mon, don't say that. please. you just have to take us near the housing complex in hikarigaoka. hikarigaoka. why there. uum, well i used to live there. i just suddenly felt like seeing it again. please. please. you guys, too. hikarigaoka is actually pretty close to the road we're taking. when we go on the kanetsu expressway and interchange to the tokyo gaikan, we'll be passing through ooizumi. that place is within walking distance to hikarigaoka. great, then could you drop us off there, mister. hey. i haven't given you my permission yet. please, sensei. we really want to see the place where our family lived happily together, before our parents divorced. oniichan. takeru. please, sensei. let us off at hikarigaoka. i'll be responsible for escorting them back home later. well, i guess it'll be okay if a sixthgrader like you is with them, kido. make sure to call your parents and let them know about this. okay. okay. thank you. thank you. yeah, yeah. yahoo. hey, how long are you two gonna keep that up. what's going on. it didn't seem like he'd let us go unless we pulled out some waterworks. so it was all an act. i was desperate to get sensei's approval because i thought it was true. now, now. things worked out, so forget about it. really. isn't that cool. oh, mimi's already forgotten about me. wait for me. really. that is so awesome. so that's what happened. it's all right. it's still working properly in this world. the digivice is also working. what are those things. is that what's all the rage among kids these days. no, that's not really. let me have a look. don't be stingy. after all, i'm letting you guys get off at hikarigaoka. ookay. that's good manners you've got there, takenouchi. you're an obedient girl, unlike some other kid i know. it's okay to just let him take a look at it. i felt like we were being attacked by an evil digimon or something. fujiyamasensei is an evil digimon. yeah, he's pure evil. i mean, when you forget your homework, he snares you with his tickle attack. i heard that last part. it's not reacting at all. what does this mean. isn't the eighth child supposed to be around here. you can't find the child. at the very least, the child doesn't appear to be within the vicinity of hikarigaoka. picodevimon. what are those. i've copied the eighth child's tag and crest. the one you have is also a copy. then where's the real one. here in my grasp. even though it is a copy, it will still react when the chosen child is nearby. do everything you can to find the eighth child. sir. sir. those filthy children i will do everything in my power to eliminate you. is that the hikarigaoka housing complex. wow. you used to live in that big castle, sora. it's not a castle. it's divided into smaller rooms inside and a lot of people live there. did you live in hikarigaoka, too, sora. sora and i were in the same class. yeah. daisan elementary school, class 12. note: daisanmeans "the third. " i was in daiyon elementary school. note: daiyon  means "the fourth. " ththen that means you weren't lying in order to trick the teacher. it's true that we lived in hikarigaoka. yeah. i remember a little of it. i went to daigo elementary school here. note: daigo  means "the fifth. " i lived here during kindergarten. so did i. but it was only for a little while. then that means all of us once lived in hikarigaoka. this can't be a mere coincidence. my motorbike. who did that. was it you.. how dare you ruin my bike. who the hell let their elephant off the leash.. why is there an elephant in hikarigaoka. it must be for a movie or something. very convincingly made. it looks like a real monster. what is that oaf planning to gain by causing all of this chaos. i shouldn't have brought that digimon with us. what the hell is an elephant doing here. it won't connect. this place is familiar. i often came here to buy candy and juice. i used to come here, too. it sure brings back memories. takeru. you may not remember, but we used to play around here a lot. but i do feel like i know this place. how long did you live in hikarigaoka, koushirokun. i don't think i even stayed here for a year probably a couple of months. that's pretty short. why is that. i can answer that question for you. you can, jyousenpai. but you didn't know koushiro at all back then. even if i did, i still have a good idea of what happened. to make a long story short, the reason why koushirokun's family moved was because of a terrorist bombing. a terrorist bombing. you guys may not remember this, but there was a terrorist bombing here in hikarigaoka four years ago. they still haven't found the criminal, i think. my parents said they didn't want to live here in such a dangerous place, so we moved to odaiba. that's right. it was the same with my family. i remember they mentioned something about a bomb. now that you mention it, i feel like that's what happened. what's that. could it be vamdemon. it's one of vamdemon's digimon. that's mammon. mammon perfect vaccine ancient beast digimon special attacks tusk strikes tundra breath mammon. a perfect level digimon who has enormous ancient power. his special attacks are tusk strikes, where he fires his two tusks, and tundra breath, which releases a cold blast from his nose. you kids. find shelter. hello. hello. i request some urgent backup. hello.. that's weird he's seen us. hurry and get out of here. he's coming for us. don't. he's a perfect level, you two can't face him. let me handle it. piyomon. piyomon, evolve. birdramon. meteor wing. birdramon. monsters. two monsters. what are you talking about, takeru. that's it. a long time ago, takeru insisted that he saw monsters but mom scolded him. i really saw monsters. monsters don't exist. you were just dreaming. really, whose fault is it that you can't even tell the difference between a dream and reality. but that's why i couldn't say anything. when did this happen. the same time as the bombing. this is where the terrorist bombing took place. this bridge this is the same as what happened back then. it's exactly the same. a fireball destroyed the bridge. the one that shot out fireballs that time wasn't flying. it was something else. you're right. there was a fight between something and something else. birdramon. sora. birdramon, superevolve. garudamon. anyone can run and give up nigetari akirameru koto wa daremo when given a second, so let's keep on walking instead isshun areba dekiru kara arukitsuzukeyou there's something only you can do kimi ni shika dekinai koto ga aru aoi hoshi ni garudamon. what i saw back then so that this blue planet doesn't lose its light hikari ga nakusenu you ni it wasn't an ordinary monster the one who saved me back then was greymon. seize the dreams you painted. tsukame. egaita yume wo that's right. it was greymon. protect your beloved friends. mamore. daiji na tomo wo that's it. i'm sure that's right. yeah. then you can become stronger takumashii jibun ni nareru sa a koromon came to my house that day. unknown power dwells in your heart shiranai pawaa ga yadoru that koromon turned into agumon when its fire is lit haato ni hi ga tsuitara and then he became greymon and fought with another digimon. even your wishes, it's true, donna negai mo uso ja nai yeah, i'm sure of it. will surely be granted, so kitto kanau kara show me your brave heart show me your brave heart shadow wing. the two disappeared somewhere after the fight. you're right. so that's why it was labeled a terrorist attack. no wonder hikari knew about koromon. she met him back then. she met you. it must have been a different koromon. but when i met taichi for the first time, i felt like i'd always known him. this is bad. they won't stop interrogating us if we get caught. yes, they won't let us go that quickly. i've been wondering about this for a long time now. out of all of those children at camp, why were we the only ones who were chosen. but now i've finally figured out a clue to solving that mystery. the incident from four years ago. yes. all of us are linked by the fact that we have already met the digimon four years ago. then that must also be the same for the eighth child. there is no doubt about it. the eighth child, too, should have witnessed that event. but maybe vamdemon's already found him. if the eighth child saw the incident, then the child must live in hikarigaoka, right. that's not true. since mammon was wandering around here alone, the others must still be scattered throughout this place and searching for the eighth child. we will find him faster than those guys. the eighth chosen child. one of us. original concept hongou akiyoshi  script nishizono satoru  chief animation director ebisawa yukio  episode director kawada takenori  voice talent yagami taichi  takenouchi sora  ishida yamato  izumi koushiro  tachikawa mimi  takaishi takeru  kido jyou  fujita toshiko  mizutani yuko  kazama yuuto  tenjin umi  maeda ai  konishi hiroko  kikuchi masami  voice talent koromon  piyomon  tsunomon  motimon  palmon  patamon  gomamon  sakamoto chika  shigematsu katori  yamaguchi mayumi  sakurai takahiro  mizowaki shihomi  matsumoto miwa  takeuchi junko  voice talent vamdemon  picodevimon  tailmon  narration  ohtomo ryuzaburo  miyata kouki  tokumitsu yuka  hirata hiroaki  translation onkeikun editing splash timing splash typesetting splash raws onkeikun karaoke timing mirrim splash karaoke styling j0hnny kaiserdragon encoding nitephire opening theme butterfly artist wada kouji  songwriter chiwata hidenori  composer chiwata hidenori  arranger watanabe cheru  insert song brave heart artist miyazaki ayumi  songwriter oomori sachiko  composer/arranger oota michihiko  ending theme keep on artist maeda ai  songwriter nk composer kine naoto  arrangers kine naoto & yuasa kouichi  they can finally go home. with light hearts, the children head for odaiba. but the people of the city block their path, and even an innocent child puts the chosen children in danger as well as the sweet temptation of hamburgers. but all of that is merely the prologue to their greatest disaster. next time on digimon adventure: the great digimon crossing in tokyo. now the adventure evolves. the great digimon crossing in tokyo.. )