 he's the source of all their joy.  wait a minute.  if the turners derive happiness from a good pet, erive misery from an evil one.  time to go pet shopping.   and while i'm out, i might as well get some new cookies.   ah, the antifairy world pet store.  the perfect place to buy a evil pet for the turners.  can i help you.  ooh, you're the grim reaper.  i'm your biggest fan.  i loved your work during the black plague.  sorry, i'm gushing.  why are you working at a pet store.  death doesn't pay the bills, and i've got student loans.  what can i help you with.  yes, well, i'm looking for a pet to bring misery to an earth family.  how about this snakeupine.  oh, he's cute.  can n pet him.  i wouldn't do that.  his quills are laced with a deadly poison.    am i dead.  it's difficult to tell because i'm already blue.  and after all, you're here.  relax, i don't have you scheduled for a while.  oh, this is fun.  you're gonna perish on the toilet.  sweet home alabama.  i'm never going potty again.  anyway, what other pets do you have.  well, there's bernie.  ooh, he's colorful.  why do you call him bernie.  got it.  how 'bout something a little bit more traditional, like an antidog.   you know, man's worst friend.  wait a minute. this must be the antisparky.  what do you call him.  we call him antisparky.  not very creative, but as long as his name's not bernie, i'm good.  so what does he eat.  the question is, who does he eat.  i'd like to have you for dinner.  oh, how very kind.  i'm wide open on saturday.  should we make it a potluck.   oh, havemefor dinner.  he's horrifying.  and by that, i mean i'll take him.  i'll switch this monster for the turners' dog and bring misery to their lives forever.  that'll be $100.  uh, that's about $100 more than i was prepared to pay.  no, i give you the money to take this beast off my hands.  well, that's not alarming at all.  oh, one last thing before i go.  do you have a rest room i could use.  yeah, you knowno, i wouldn't do that if i were you.  right. the potty thing.  it's gonna be an uncomfortable trip home.  shouldn't you be doing your homework, timmy.  i already did it.  actually, sparky did it for me.  " "in 1789, marie antoinette said to the people of france, '" timmy, i'm not sure this is right.  whatever.  the point is, sparky did my homework so i don't have to.  he really is the best dog ever.  oh, timmy.  that sparky really is the best dog ever.  he brought me the paper and this fancy diamond grill for my teeth.  eee. word to your mother.  eh, by the way, where is your mother.  hey, everyone.  sparky taught me to swim.  he also showed me how to jimmy the lock on mr. dinkleberg's pool gate.  well, i'm out of here.  i'm gonna go swim with your mother and her new friend jimmy the lock.  boy, timmy.  your parents sure are happy thanks to sparky.  yeah. what would we do without him.  you're about to find out, timmy turner.   now that we're working together, there are a couple of ground rules you need to follow, poop.  it's foop. never correct me.   that's the first ground rule.  never look me in the eye and never raise your voice at me.  understood.  yes. what.  " you raised your voice.   by the way, do i have something in my eye.  i don't see anything.  you looked me in the eye.   if i look away and whisper, can i tell you about my diabolical plan to get rid of sparky.  i assume you're gonna destroy him, perhaps by luring him into a vat of acid.  actually, i was just going to throw a tennis ball really far so it'll take him weeks to fetch it.   loser.  i'm gonna need you to throw it.  i injured my wrist at water pilates.  hello, you moronic mutt.  meet your antiself.  hey, i know you.  you're poop.  and if you're really the antime, then you're both probably up to no good.  well, the jig is up, 'cause i'm gonna warn timmy beforeball.  go fetch.   okay, antisparky, it's time for you to take sparky's place and make the turners miserable.  you got it, poop. it's foop.    ah. sorry i corrected you again.  don't hurt me.    . .  hey, can you grab that ball.  oh, sorry. you're stuck in a box.  i'll get it.   hey, sparky.  ooh, i think you stayed in the pool too long.  you've turned blue, and your eyes are red.  also, you smell like a graveyard.  anyway, check out the new diamond grill i got to go with my diamond grill.  eee.  i've always wanted one of these ever since i saw one at the store 15 minutes ago.  my new grill.   i'm so sad i don't even want to ask how you can shoot lasers from your tail.    hey, sparky.  i'm practicing the dive you taught me.   that was mean.  you've broken my heart.  and my body.   ahh.  this is the life.  it's great having a dog that does my homework for me.  hey, sparky. how are things going.  exactly as planned.   that's great, buddy. uh, wait.  what does that mean, and what happened to your voice.  ..i have a cold... flu allergies.  by the way, i signed you up for an extracredit project.  you'll be cleaning up trash on the side of the highway after school and every saturday for the next ten years.   what.  don't worry. you won't be alone.  come on, turner. grab a pointy stick.  we've got to clean up an overturned fish truck on the sunny side of the highway.  mr. crocker, this is a mistake.  i didn't sign up for this.  yeah, well, i didn't sign up to be a bitter middleaged man who has ears on his neck.  do you know how weird it is to hear yourself swallow.   this has been the worst day ever, all because of sparky.  yeah.  not only did he blast my new grill, break your mother, and force you crocker, he also buried the couch.  also, jimmy the lock is mysteriously missing.   outstanding work, antisparky.  you truly are man's worst friend.  oh, my.  it's like petting your own coffin.    ooh. what am i doing here.  foop, we summoned you to the antifairy council becausei didn't do it.  the guy who tp'd your house was another square blue baby with a moustache.  silence.  we brought you here to commend you for wreaking havoc on the turners' lives.  using an evil pet to bring misery to humans was a stroke of genius.  yes, that's what i am, a geniusnot the guy who spent six hours toilet papering a house when in fact he has a magic bottle that could have done it instantly.  foop, since your plan worked so well on a small scale, we want you take it up a notch.  you mean tp your entire neighborhood.  yes.  oh, you mean my other plan.  foop, we want you to replace all the beloved pets in dimmsdale with evil creatures from the antifairy world pet store.  oh, me likey.  once i make the switch, dimmsdale will be plunged into eternal misery.  don't raise your voice.   i have to go to the potty, but i can't.  new on gogurt. minion jokes.  gogurt and minions. ratedpg.  .  om nom nom you can join the fun withconnect and collect minions inside marked boxes of big gcereals.  part of a good breakfast.  rated pg.  minions, now on select fruitsnackiaproducts.  rated pg.  new on gogurt. minion jokes.  gogurt and minions. ratedpg.  well, this stinks.  i'm booked to take seven souls before noon tomorrow.  there go my brunch plans.  i better call mom.  hello, mom, it's the grim reaper.   stop crying.  that's not why i'm calling.  hello, mr. reaper. i'm back.  let me guess, you want to return the dog.  everyone does.  well, the ones who survive, anyway.  no, no.  the dog is working out swimmingly.  as a matter of fact, i need more evil pets.  how much for everything in the store.  i'll give you $1,000.  what. all right, 2,000.  just get 'em out of here.  that sharkvark freaks me out.   deal. i'll take that.  oh, come on.  can't we go halvsies.   that's not what i meant.  now to bring misery to the happy pet owners of dimmsdale.  ah, a 43yearold man having tea with his hairless cat on a friday night.  does it get any better than this.   you're right, girlfriend.  i'm 58. you just make me feel young.  ding.  ooh. our scones are done.   gah.  girlfriend's been replaced by a monster.  this is the worst thing that's ever happened to me besides being born 43i mean 58 years ago.   gah.  not only is my beloved pet gone, but i can't reach the scones from here.  chompy, using city funds for a hawaiian cruise instead of new traffic lights was a great idea.   whoops. almost forgot my sunblock.  you're not chompy.  i can't share a honeymoon cabin with a parrot.  people will think i'm weird.   sunblock's not gonna help this.  this is chet ubetcha reporting with my adorable pet monkey and cheap ratings grabber m.c. bananas.  in breaking news, all over dimmsdale, people's beloved pets are being replaced by hideous evil creatures.  people have reported being attacked by everything from a pit bull frog to an octocat to a grizzly hare.    this just in...  my monkey has been replaced by a sharkvark.   cut to traffic. cut to traffic.  hey.  i've been waiting all day for the traffic report.  cosmo, something terrible is happening.  you're telling me.  now i'll never know how long it'll take me to drive to the airport.  you don't need to drive.  you can just poof yourself there.  besides, why do you want to go to the airport anyway.  'cause they make you take your shoes off, and these high heels are killing me.  wanda, this is all starting to make sense.  what, going to the airport to take off your shoes.  'cause that'll never make sense.  you know what doesn't make sense.  watching tv in the closet.  shh.  cosmo, we don't want sparky to know we're in here.  that mutt's gone mad.  guys, listen.  if evil creatures are replacing all the pets in dimmsdale, that explains why sparky's been acting like a monster.  because he is one.    . .  sparky's no monster.  he's just doing a little house bowling.  go for the spare, sparky.  that's not sparky.  it's an evil imposter dog.  we have to find out who's switching all the pets in dimmsdale right away.  relax. we got plenty of time.   on second thought, we should go now.  i just thought of something else.  if that's an imposter, then where's my dog.   . .  ole, seor.  have you seen a runaway ball.  i said runaway ball, not runaway bulls.    listen up, evil dog.  we're onto you.  i don't know exactly who you are or what you're up to or what you've done to my dog, butno offense, timmy, but it doesn't sound like we're onto him at all.  it doesn't matter, 'cause you and wanda are gonna use your magic to blast him back to wherever he came from.  you'll do no such thing.    foop.  i should've realized you were behind this.  that's right.  i switched all the good pets with evil ones.  now everyone in dimmsdale is miserable while their beloved pets are locked away forever at a secret location in the antifairy world pet store.  whoops. gave away the secret.  you'll never get away with this, 'cause we're gonna stop you.  in your dreams.  sic him, antisparky.  i told you, never raise your voice.  you know what, mister.  i've had just about enough of your empty threatsoh, look. there's a family in here.  we're the johnsons. i'm late for school.  well, that takes care of foop.  and now to take care of you.    girlfriend.  girlfriend, i've got a can of tuna.  albacore.  uh, mr. crocker, your cat's not in dimmsdale.  i wasn't looking for my cat.  i was looking for a girlfriend.  i thought the can of tuna might do the trick.  but now that you mention it, i really miss my cat.  she's in antifairy world with all the other pets in dimmsdale, including my dog sparky.  antifairy world, huh.  well, i may have a way to get us there.  to the crocker cave.  hey, handsome.  i'm rich and single.  is that a can of tuna you're holding.  not now, toots.  i've got a bald cat to save.  i built this thing to take me to fairy world, but i think i can use it to take us to antifairy world instead.  i just have to perform a highly technical adjustment.  hand me that sonic calibrator.  let's go get those pets. wait.  before we do that, we've got to get all the evil pets and return them to antifairy world.  but we'll need some bait.  swedish meatballs should work.    i knew it.  only something truly evil would eat nonitalian meatballs.  i wonder why sparky's evil imposter didn't want the meatballs.  then again, he's probably full from the johnsons.  anyway, let's do this.   . .   i got to say, these animals are way nicer than that last group.  not one of them has spit acid at me or tried to eat any of my swedish meatballs.    you scared me to death.  which is me.  girlfriend, i've missed you so.   oh, how cute.  you coughed up a little skin ball.  come on, turner.  let's get all these pets home.  wait, sparky's not here.  oh, don't worry, timmy.  he's probably back on earth.  we'll find him.  your talking balloon is right, turner.  if we hurry, girlfriend and i can get to the diner for the early bird special.  she loves the scampi, 00 because i'm 58 years old.  this is chet ubetcha with breaking news.  all of dimmsdale's beloved pets have magically returned.   in related news, i've got a monkey on my back, and his name is m.c. bananas.  you're my favorite primetime primate.  this just in: all the missing pets were seen fleeing from school teacher denzel crocker's house.  as a result, he's been arrested for petnapping.  i didn't kidnap the pets.  i rescued them from a magical place across the universe.  ask girlfriend, my bald cat.  wow, that sounds crazy.  sport, i can't believe i'm saying this, but we should probably help mr. crocker.  can we wait till i graduate high school.  no, you're right.  but first we got to find the real sparky and get rid of the fake one.  you'll never get rid of me.  guys, do something. we can't.  he swallowed our wands along with foop and that kid who's late for school.  ..  without the cardiovascular benefits.    great shot, cosmo. what.  i was just trying to kick off these high heels.  thanks for getting us out of the dog.  johnson family cheer.  ..  all: johnsons rule.  cosmo, wanda, grab your wands and poof this poser away.  sorry, timmy, but it's unsanitary.  just do it.  you're going back to the antifairy world pet store.  seriously, this wand is totally gross.  do you really think you can lure me into that vortex to antifairy world.  what kind of a moron do you think i squeaky toy.  noo.  well, that takes care of him.  we've got to go disinfect our wands, timmy.  we'll be right back.  timmy turner, you foiled my plan.  and for that, you're going to pay.   huh, this tennis ball looks familiar.  kind of like the one i threw atball.   you made me chase this ball all over europe.  and while i had a lovely time filled with treasured memories, you're gonna pay.  we'll take it from here.  foop needs to be punished for failing to execute our evil plan.  something tells me this trip won't be filled with treasured memories.  sparky.  i thought i'd never see you again.  i wouldn't let that happen, timmy.  as the french say,  "get out of my restaurant, " oh, no.  it's the dog that made us miserable.  no, dad, that dog was a fake.  this is the real sparky.  i won an allyoucaneat pasta contest in italy.  ..bark.  yay. we're rich again.  which means i can be happy.  and i can have an equally shallow reason to be happy.  both: yay.  good news, timmy.  we disinfected our wands and got rid of all the yucky dog drool.  guys, i'm so glad to see you.   we'll be right back, sport.  well, it's great to have everything back to normal.  although i do feel like i'm forgetting something.  i'm free.  start the car, girlfriend.    oh, great. now we're both hairless.  all: johnsons rule.  .  om nom nom new on gogurt. minion jokes.  gogurt and minions. ratedpg.  whoa guys, we need some new moves, and whose got em.  that's the question, were the answers, who are we.  the diamond dazzle dancers.  five new swirl diamonds.  mountain matt, drop the base diamond drop what's the story in your bowl.  five new swirl diamonds in lucky charms, part of a good breakfast.  they're magically delicious.  cuckoo court now in session.  your honor, you've gotta keep cocoa puffs away from me.  ..but why.  .. and they make me go cuckoo.  ..crunchy...  ..cocoa puffs.  chocolate in the court.  see, i'm cuckoo for cocoa puffs, cuckoo for cocoa puffs.  cocoa puffs has the ultimate chocolatey taste that turns everything chocolatey ...even the milk. chocolatey cocoa puffs, part of a good breakfast.  i find you guilty. totally delicious.  minions, now on select fruitsnackiaproducts.  rated pg.  are ya ready, kids.  kids: aye, aye, captain.  i can'thearyou.  kids:  aye, aye, captain.  ..    who lives in a pineapple under the sea.    kids:  spongebob squarepants   captain:  absorbent and yellow and porous is he   kids:  spongebob squarepants   captain:  if nautical nonsense be somethin' you wish   kids:  spongebob squarepants   captain:  then drop on the deck and fish   kids:  spongebob squarepants  captain: ready.  all:  spongebob squarepants    spongebob squarepants    spongebob squarepants   captain:  spongebob squarepants     .. gulls squawking] ..] ahoy, mr. krabs.  huh.  oh, ahoy, spongebob.  ahoy, mr. krabs.  ok, that's over with.  now why don't you go see if first mate squidward needs any help at the register.   and what are you up to on this fine, fine monday.  well, i was gonna wait till this afternoon but i guess i can show you now.  show me what.  i'm introducing a new krusty krab promotion.  ah, you are.  i sure am.  who are you gonna introduce it to.  why, all my loyal customers, of course.  ha.  anyway, we got new beverage cups.  wow.  there's regular, large and the new viking size.  krabs, these are all the same size cup.  spongebob, this promotion is designed to saveusmoney.  and don't forget, each participating patron who purchases any drink of our new krusty krab viking size cup gets a chance to try on this genuine cardboard viking helmet.  that he found while cleaning out his attic over the weekend.  don't you know when you're being ignored.  you're the only one talking.  mr. krabs, it's beautiful.  not so fast.  access to the mighty helmet will be granted to active promotion participants only.  and only those who purchase viking size.  mr. krabs, what's a viking.  .. the vikings lived a long time ago.  how long.  uh, about 10 years.  ..  you're gonna have to ask squidward any more questions you got.  he's the smart one.   barnacle butt.  hi, squidward. dah. what do you want.  krabs said you were gonna teach me all about the vikings.  oh, really.  will you teach me, huh.  sure, i'll teach you, listen closely now.  ...the vikings were a race of scholars and scientists who lived before even mr. krabs was born.  they are believed to have discovered ketchup and enjoyed dressing up their pets as chunks of masonry on the weekends.  their favorite movies are in black and white.  look out.  and grown vikings are known to collect socks which they display and trade at monthly socktrading conventions called " sockngarten. sockngarten.  wow.  squidward, do you think vikings really drink their beverages in viking size.  of course they do.  krabs come up with such a brilliant idea. )