 i won a decorator for selling the most squirrely scout cookies.  you're a decator.  oh, i've always wanted this house toe more of an openair feeling.  you got it, toots.  now, where is your burn cream.   oh, this hole needs curtains.  i'll go buy them with this basket of wallets i picked.  what am i going to do, turner.  i loved my job.  it involved everything i was good atbarking orders, standing dramatically over people and unleashing fits of uncontrollable anger.  well, i feel bad for getting you fired, jorgen.  i'll help you look for a new job.  yeah, and in the meantime, you can stay in our fishbowl.  thanks, guys.  it's great to know you are there for me after you ruined my life.  what.  the logical thing for me is to be a mussel.   boy, wanda's gonna be so angry when she defrosts.    get away from my money tree, raccoons, and stop pelting me with my own loose change.  hey, turner.  you must have some pretty rich soil to grow such an impressive tree.  you mind if i perch this nest of orphaned baby birds i rescued in there.  are you crazy.  this isn't a bird hotel.  it's a money tree.  perch your dinklebirds somewhere else.  okeydokey, neighbor.   ow.   okay, jorgen.  i think i found you the perfect job.  you'rena like being a personal trainer.  i am kind of digging that people pay me to yell at them.    denzel crocker, i'm going to whip you into shape.  any shape is better than the one you're in.  anything to impress the ladiesor at least get them to stop pointing and giggling.  oh, please.  i'm a personal trainer, not a magician.  now let's get you ripped.   we definitely ripped something.  you're welcome.  pay at the desk.  you're fired.  okay, jorgen.  you've got a new job.  let's hope it goes better than the last one.  crocker sued the gym for $11 million.  who needs a spine.  i'm rich.   oh, not fair.  don't worry, turner.  i have got this usher thing down.  hello.  oh, you will love this movie.  the butler did it.  you'll never see it coming.  i saw it coming, but you don't look too bright.  i'm never coming here again.  you're fired.   oh, boohoo.  you lost a soccer game.  i lost my job and had to become a school counselor to ninnies like you.  man up, susie.   you're fired.  it's the perfect plan.   those moneygrubbing raccoons won't be able to get past my new security system.   i'm so hungry.  i've been guarding my money tree for so long, i forgot to eat.  oh, a hot dog that looks a lot like the bait i left for the raccoons.    curse you, raccoons.  you'd better not come back for gas money.  ooh, a hot dog.    wanda, you're thawed out.  oh, you don't know how happy i am.  now i can finally change the channel.   oh, wanda, why so blue.  well, i guess it's 'cause you were frozen.  now can you move out of the way.  you're defrosting all over the pepperoni.  jorgen, why is the driveway broken.  you told me to pound the pavement, so i did.  "pound the pavement" means "look for a " i don't want another job.  i want my old one back.  but there's no hope of that now, because the fairy council has already replaced me.  say what.  with who.    i wish whitney was in love with me.  no, no, no, no, no, no.  wishing for love is against the rules.  reject.   your wish foramor is no more, amigo.  so says the handsome juandissimo, keeper of the rules.  you were replaced with juandissimo.  this is great.  you think it is great.  you're making me want to decorate again.  no, i mean i've got an idea.  juandissimo has always had a crush on wanda.  if we can distract him, we can sneak in some illegal wishes and make the council think juandissimo is worse at the job than you are.  okay.  but if you think i'm not serious about the decorating, you're wrong.  wanda, will you help us.  i'm sorry, sport.  i don't feel comfortable with this plan.  it looks like jorgen's just gonna have to live here forever.  by the way, wanda, i used your toothbrush to clean the gunk from my boots.  okay, i'm in.  this is me guarding the rules.  this is me guarding the rules in various tightfitting outfits.  i could admire my hot latin looks all day, but i must focus on my job.  buenos nachos.  " oh, wanda.  my beauty queen.   you smell sodelicioso.  it's eau de taco, your favorite, if i recall.  pavo loco.  i love it when you call me your crazy turkey.  is that frostbite on your toes.  i find it very appealing.  you're so silly.   holy guacamole.  if i did not know any better, i would say your fan had a tire iron in it.  oh, don't be ridiculous.  mi querida, why have you come to see me.  i'm, uh, suddenly attracted to men with power.  now, how about you join me over there, away from the wish monitors.  yes, because it's far more romantic over there by that pipe that leads from the toilet.   okay, cosmo.  it's time to break the rules.  i wish every girl in dimmsdale was in love with me, that i had straight "a"s in all my classes, and instead of a money tree, i had a whole money farm.   all: we love you, timmy.  yay, my money tree turned into a money farm.  oh, no.  the crops are coming in.  i better harvest them before those raccoons get back from their european cruise.  rule break. rule break. rule break.  it worked.  i knew we could trust wanda to distract juandissimo.  i bet she's got him wrapped around her frostbitten little finger.  kiss me, wanda.  stop giving me the cold shoulder.  speaking of which, why is there so much cold on your shoulder.   what took you clowns so long.  i meanwhat is the fairy council doing here.  juandissimo. que.  you let timmy turner get away with wishes that violates the rules.  you're fired.  wanda, my love.  i may not have my job, but at least we have each other.  carne asada.  yes, i'm pretty sure there's a cast iron skillet in there.   jorgen von strangle, you have been reinstated as keeper of the rules.   yay.  i feel whole again, turner.  thank you for getting me my job back, even though it was you who got me fired in the first place.  which reminds me, i have to get rid of all your illegal wishes.   i'm okay with the "f"s, but couldn't you have left the girls.   oh, ice cream.  and i finally have enough change.  no.  wanda, my love.  i lost my job and my corporate housing.  can i stay with you, por favor.  of course you can.  come on, i'll show you to your room.  here it is.   it's cold in here.  i shouldn't have flexed.  i really needed that shirt.  ay, muy frio.  ooh, a hot dog.   new on gogurt. minion jokes.  gogurt and minions. ratedpg.  lucky...  charms.  ahhh.   ah....  a rainbow clover wow.  green and purple clovers, orange, yellow, and blue...  it's magically delicious, with 5 clovers brand new.  ahhhh.  5 new clover hats.  and all the other marshmallows.  that is magically delicious.  5 new clover hats, only in lucky charms cereal.  part of a good breakfast.  you can join the fun withconnect and collect minions inside marked boxes of big gcereals.  part of a good breakfast.  rated pg.  when peanut butter and chocolatey flavor come together in resse's puffs, it's guaranteed to go down.  this perfect combo is a delicious part of a complete breakfast.  .  .  .    haahaaaaaaa.  it's time to join the action and soak up the fun.  with a nerf or nerfrebelle brand toy and the goodness ofgogurt strawberry yogurt in your mcdonald's happy meal.  this is so exciting.   this is chet ubetcha reporting from dimmsdale days, the annual festival where local residents try to turn a profit from their pathetic hobbies.  in unrelated news, who wants to buy some seashell earmuffs made by a famous reporter.  i can hear the ocean.  oh, no. wait.  that's a hermit crab with asthma.   i wonder how my mom's doing with her banana bread booth.  i can't hear you, timmy.  there's a shrimp in my ear.  it's not from the earmuffs.  it's from the cajun food stand.  thank goodness there's cocktail sauce in my belly button.   sport, i think something's wrong with your mom's banana bread.   whoa, mom.  why are your customers burping up bubbles.  welland this is just a theoryperhaps it's because instead of using bananas in the recipe, i used banana shampoo.  shampoo is poison.  it can have terrible side effects.  but i use shampoo in everything except my homemade shampoo.  i use bananas in that.  spark tarts.  get your spark tarts.  oh, dear.  you're right about shampoo having side effects.  i'm hearing the dog talk.  sparky, these are dog treats.  you can't sell them to humans.   mmm, oh, yes, you can.  these are delicious.  hey, everyone, come get your spark tarts.   i'll buy one.  these are fantastic.  i love spark tarts.  step into my photo booth and let me capture your magici mean, your likeness in a fun photo.   you're not a fairy. get out.  where's my photo.  i said get out.   hey, mr. crackers.  can i get a picture of me and my new best friend, this plate of delicious spark tarts.  oh, sure, do you want wallet size orget out.   wait a minute.  there's fairy magic in this spark tart.  i've got to take it back to the crocker cave for further analysis and eventually to dunk it in milk.   now to see if there's enough fairy magic in this treat to make a wish.  what will i wish for.  a space laser to annihilate all my enemies.  no, i need to wish for something really useful, like dental floss that won't snap between my teeth.  ironically, the only way to get the floss out is with more floss.  it's a vicious circle.   analysis complete.  item contains only one millionth of the magic required to make a wish.  darn it.  that mean in order to make a wish, i'm gonna need how many treats.  let's see.  carry the five, divide by four.  you need a million, you moron.  i wanted to add it up myself, computer.  now, i just have to get a million spark tarts from turner.  but i can't approach him as me, so i'll need abuhlet me thinkdisguise.  i would have gotten that one.  i was going through the "d" words in my head.    let's see.  the grim reaper.  no, i'll wear that tonight and scare mother during bath time.  let's see what other costumes i have.  hold the phone.  stereotypical 1920s rich guy.  that's perfect.  ..  road.  i was getting to that.  i was just on the "r" words.  wow, sparky.  we really cleaned up selling your spark tarts.  oh, timmy.  can i borrow some money.  i need to buy more spark tarts.  they're fantastic.  sorry, dad.  we're all out.  then give me back my money, you swindler.  you know, sparky, if we went into business together, we could really make a fortune with those spark tarts, or at least make the money back that my dad just took from us.  i'm in.  but dimmsdale days is over.  who're we gonna sell them to.  hello.  i'm a billionaire from the 1920s who would like to buy a million spark tarts.  i climbed this ladder 'cause rich people always climb the ladder to the top.  i'm sorry. who are you.  the name's phil therich.  here's my card.  "phil therich, 1920s billionaire." wow.  a million spark tarts. okay.  they're $1 each, so it'll cost you $1 million, mr. therich.  ohoh, yeah.  right. okay.  i'll be back for the spark tarts in 24 hours.    whoohoo.  sparky, we're gonna be rich.  poof up your spark tarts.  i can't poof them up.  it's a special recipe.  we have to bake them ourselves.  what.  we have to work for $1 million.  that doesn't seem fair.  don't worry, timmy.  we'll help.  with the right attitude, we'll be done in no time.  we're not done.  wow, do i hate baking these stupid spark tarts.  we've been at this for hours and we're nowhere close to making a million.  cosmo, how many have we done.  37.  hundred or thousand.  just 37.   make that 36.  i just ate one.  ooh, these are good.   okay, now we have 19.  don't worry, timmy.  i got a bunch of magical elves to help us.  we're not elves.  we're jockeys.  i'm a baker, not a shrink.  don't tell me your problems.  now put on a hairnet and start baking.   we did it, everyone.  a million spark tarts.   wait, what happened to them.  i ate them, and they were delicious.  you ate a million.  don't be ridiculous, timmy.  counting the ones i ate at the fair, i'm only up to 999,999.  i threw the rest at dinkleberg's stupid face.  great. what are we gonna do.  we've only got 12 hours to make a million more spark tarts and we don't have enough help.  no problem, timmy.  i got more elves.  we're not elves.  we're firstgraders.  i would believe that if i didn't know how deceptive elves can be.   we did it.  we made another million spark tarts just in time.  we're gonna be rich.  speaking of rich, it is i, phil therich.  i take it my spark tarts are ready.  they're all yours, mr. therich.  just pay us $1 million.  here you go, $1 million bill.  and it's a red one.  wait a minute.  this bill has mr. crocker's face on it.  that's right, turner.  it's me, cleverly disguised behind this monocle the whole time.  and now that i have a million spark tarts, i can make a wish to annihilate you.    swallowed my monocle.   i don't get it.  crocker think he can make a wish with a million spark tarts.  welland this is just a theoryit could be because the secret ingredient in spark tarts is a pinch of fairy dust.  what.  then mr. crocker really can annihilate me.  cosmo, wanda, you got to help me.  oh, no, they're still knocked out from baking all night.   cover your nose when you sneeze, cosmo.  come on in, supermodel tatiana.  the water's great.  looks like we're on our own, sparky.   cover your nose when you sneeze, supermodel tatiana.  how am i gonna stop mr. crocker.  i'm on my own with no magic.  oh, timmy.  oh, i don't feel so good.  that's it.  my dad ate 999,999 spark tarts.  if i can get him to eat one more, he'll have the magic i need to stop mr. crocker.   oh, timmy.  i shouldn't have eaten so many delicious spark tarts.  no, you shouldn't have.  now eat one more.  whoa, i feel light as a feather.  crocker's house.  no time to waste.   ow, hit a power line.  walk it off.  999,998, 999,999, 1 million.  you've got magic.  excellent.  now i can make a wish to annihilate turner or i could get rid of that accursed dental floss.  i tried using toothpicks, but those got stuck too.  or i could wish for corn.  no, wait.  that's what kicked off this flossing nightmare in the first place.    suck it up.  you're too late, turner and that strange, lifeless balloon that looks like your dad.  i put the magic from those spark tarts into a wand.   well, i put the magic from those spark tarts into a wand of my own.  you think you have the upper hand, turner, but i'm gonna turn the tables on you.   oh, those are heavy tables.  hmm, looks like i actually tipped the tables instead.  no matter.  now you'll have to take the long way around.  that's it.  that's all you got.  no, i also have a robot spider.   wow, timmy, you have a really weird relationship with your math teacher.   get him.  i can't.  i'm blocked by these tipped tables.   oh, well, i'll just have to use my magic wand to annihilate you.   i wish you had no more magic.   i ate a million spark tarts, timmy.  you really shouldn't be shaking me.     curse you, turner and your weird deflating dad balloon.  i promise i'll find another way to destroy you.  but first i need to tip these tables back to their upright position.  well, guys, everything's back to normal, and we don't have to worry about any more magic spark tarts.  hi, timmy.  oh, no.  mom, did you eat a bunch of spark tarts.  no, honey.  my purse got caught on a hot air balloon.    i hit a power line.  walk it off, mom.  it's bath time, mother.  .  when peanut butter and chocolatey flavor come together in resse's puffs, it's guaranteed to go down.  this perfect combo is a delicious part of a complete breakfast.  .  toucan, what does this button d...  woahhhh...wooooow i think we found the blooperverse.  look, boys. froot loops bloopers.  correction...my bloopers.  let's give this hot head some space to cool down.  hang on to your tail feathers.  uhoh.  new kellogg's froot loopsbloopers, part of a balanced breakfast.  that was a blast.  for us anyway...  . timmy is an average kid .  . that no one understands .  . mom and dad and vicky always giving him commands .  bed, twerp.  . the doom and gloom up in his room .  . is broken instantly .  . by his magic little fish who grant his every wish .  . 'cause in reality .  . they are his oddparents .  . fairly oddparents .  wands and wings.  floaty crowny things.  . oddparents, fairly oddparents .  . really mod, pea pod, buff bod, hot rod .  . obtuse, rubber goose, green moose, guava juice .  . giant snake, birthday cake, large fries, .  . oddparents, fairly oddparents .  . it flips your lidwhen you are the kid .  . with fairly oddparents .yeah, right.  too short.  too long.  too trump.  aah. squirrel.  that's my hair.  what's with the new do, timmy.  it's obviously a disguise.  he must be on the run again.  here's a phony passport, timmy.  only travel at night and follow the river.  i'm not on the run this time.  i'm trying on new looks for my yearbook photo.  why don't you just use the picture i took of you this morning.  i snapped it right before you slinked into the reeds with that lady beaver.  hey, that's the beaver that stole my hat.  seriously, cosmo, how could anyone mistake me for a beaver.  eyes on the ball, timmy.   angrily smacking your tail on the ground is not going to make you a better shortstop, son.   language, timmy.  smart move, timmyyou've cloned yourself to throw off the cops for when you go on the run.  i'm not going on the run.  for once, i just want to look cool in my yearbook photo.  well, maybe looking at our old yearbook from the fairy academy will give you some ideas.  check me out, timmy.  i had a pretty cool look.  yeah, that's great.  i'll just put on a cheerleader's outfit and develop a lazy eye.  wanda was a looker, all right.  at least with her good eye.  i didn't have a lazy eye.  cosmo poked me with his wand on the morning the picture was taken.  whoa. is that jorgen.  guess that was before he started going to the gym.  what gym. he's magic.  we could all look like jorgen if we wanted to.  look. there i am with my diploma.  you know, timmy, school isn't about how you look in your yearbook picture.  it's about the education you get.  and that diploma is something they can never take away.  holy cow. they took it away.  what's going on.  i will tell you what is going on.  but first give me that yearbook so no one can see that picture of me as a 98pound weakling.  jorgen, why did cosmo's diploma disappear.  because the fairy council just discovered that cosmo never graduated from the )