 all right. tomorrow's christmas.  you don't have to work or shop or do anything that would make you bring vicky back here, right.  no. all we have to do tomorrow is be withyou,timmy.  and drink eggnog.  i mean, be with you, noggy.  ..  ..  it's christmas. it's christmas.  merry christmas.  ..nog... eggnog.  merry christmas.  mine.  i mean, miney christmas, timmy.  let's go see what santa brought.   whoa. it's amazing.  and i don't have to share any of this.  i love being an only child.  geronimo.  mine.  i love the smell of christmas in the morning.  dive, dive, dive.   christmas day is here once more    gifts and love and joy galore    a special day that wipes the floor    with the other 364    i wish every day could be christmas    'cause santa brings gifts every year    he's reading my list, he's feeding the deer    he's hauling my gifts from the north pole to here    i wish every day could be christmas    'cause every other holiday reeks    new year's eve's for mom and dad    the easter bunny's eggs smell really bad    valentine's day always makes me sad    'cause timmy just can't get a girlfriend .   we wish every day could be christmas    'cause nice fairies get their rewards    i got pudding, i got slacks    i got all my back hair waxed    santa grants wishes while we relax    and timmy still can't get a girlfriend  stop that.   there's just no other day like christmas    my family stays here, it's real cool    just me, mom, and dad, i'm so very glad    there's no vicky, no vicky, no school   and no vicky. right.   i wish every day could be christmas    then i'd get the best gift of all   ..    we love you, noggy   mine.   wouldn't christmas each day    be the coolest of all    i wish it were christmas    how i wish it were christmas    i wish it were christmas    each day    " i know.  i just wish he didn't.   it's christmas.  again.  ..nog... eggnog.  .. again.  but, honey, you have to go to school, and we have to go to work.  no, you don't.  look.   on the second day of christmas    my true love gave to me    2 turtle doves and a partridge in a pear tree   ..ok.  the calendar's never lied to me yet.  see. santa came again.  .. again.  ..again.  cosmo, wanda, you did it.  it's christmas again.  well, that was one big wish you made, sport.  but there's something we really should tell you.  i've never been happier.  ..what were you going to say.  ..  dive, dive, dive.  mrs. turner: we hope you enjoyed your second day of christmas, timmy.  these have been the best 2 christmasesever.  wouldn't it be great if we could be together like this all the time.  it sure would, timmy, but your mother and i have to work.  eggnog doesn't buy itself, you know.  no, you don't.  if it kept being christmas, i just don't know what we'd do.  we'd probably panic.  well, good night.  it's christmas.  again. again.  it's christmas.  again. again.  ..unh.  ..this is a toy puddle.  where's my toy ocean.  well, you know, timmy, i'm sure santa's doing the best he can.  he's never had to make toys for this many christmases before.  well, honey, if we're going to have a fourth day of christmas, .. and i'm good with that.  oh, thanks, lockjaw.  all right. nog.   it's the 15th day of christmas    and my true love gave to me   pants.  uh, yeah. ok. pants.  wow. 15 christmases and counting.  i know. this is the best.  right.  ubetcha: this is the worst.  it's hohohorrible.  as christmas enters its third week, the world screams, "christmas is entering " because it's still christmas, the banks are still closed.  we want money.  to buy eggnog.  ubetcha: stores are closed.  we want food.  ..  to buy.  ubetcha: and the schools remain closed.  i'm good with this.  ubetcha: everywhere, adults are doing all that they can to prevent yet another visit from santa.  and the military forces across the globe remain on high alert.   deploy the decoy chimney.  release the cookies and milk.  everybody, pretend to be asleep.  i hope i get a football.  mmm. cookies.  .  i'm just doing my job.  as the world falls apart at the seams, people everywhere are asking, "who is responsible for this, " ..are you thinking what i'm thinking.  yeah. he's cute when he's angry.  that may be true, but i think the world has had enough christmas for one year.  i wish it wasn't christmas anymore.  uh, we can't do that, timmy.  we don't have enough power.  what do you mean.  what's going on. who are you guys.  i'm the easter bunny.  these are the other holidays, and you are in a lot of trouble, kid.  i do.  your stupid christmaseveryday wish means the rest of us holidays don't get to deliver joy to the kids of the world ever again.  who are you brightly colored freaks.  i'm the easter bunny. that's baby new year.  goo.  it's gonna be a big year.  cupid, from valentine's day.  .. love hurts.  and please give it up for the comedy stylings of the april fool.  pull my finger. i perish.   and that's halloweenie dog.  ruff.  that's not the spirit of halloween.  all right, he'smydog.  i just hate to travel without him.  yes, i do. yes, i do.  what do you secondrate notchristmas holidays want with our timmy.  you'd better unwish that wish, or he's gonna get an egg where the sun don't shine.  you mean, the closet.  but there's nothing we can do.  we don't have enough magic left.  .  oh, timmy, there's something you didn't know when you made your wish.  giving gifts to everyone in the world takes a lot of magic, so every christmas eve, all us fairies in fairy world get together and transfer most of our magic to the one man on earth that needs it the mostsanta claus.  it's "ho ho ho," " fix the sign.  computer: you've got magic.  ..  ..holy mackerel.  i'm jolly again.  when christmas is over, the magic comes back to us.  but now, because it's christmas every day, it won't.  we're practically powerless.  because of this kid, it'salwaysgonna be christmas.  which means we don't get to share our holidays with the kids.  what's up with that.  i just wanted more toys and to spend more time with my mom and dad.  and now everybody's so sick of christmas, they even want to get rid of santa.  as long as santa's around, this could happen again.  all we need to do is banish santa to the imaginary day of february 33, and get rid of him for good.  ..  hey.  and you two are alittlemagic.  i'll be here all week.  i'll be here all week.  .. let's get hoppin'.  santa's in trouble, and it's all my fault.  i've got to get to the north pole.   oh, this is hopeless.  there's nothing here that will help me get to the north pole.  mr. turner: i've looked under this highspeed snowmobile, portable power generator, all this survival gear, a detailed map from our house to the north pole so simple that even a 10yearold child could read, and i can't find the eggnog anywhere.  this trip could be potentially dangerous, even lifethreatening.  cool.  but in case i don't die, i'd better have a backup plan.  "santa's in trouble, and i'm off to the north pole to help.  "if you see me, wish me luck, ..and help me.  "don't just stand there and stare.  "help me.help me.  "merry christmas again.  " timmy's log. stardate: christmas.  feels like i've been gone for weeks, and at this speed, i'll be there in no time.   i'm out of gas.  welcome to butte, the guest capital of montana.  got your message on the internet, timmy turner.  i think it's mighty fine what you're doing for santa.  ..  or, as we say in montana, you're standin' in cow manure.  awesome.  timmy's log. stardate: christmas.  no food. so hungry.  must eat logbook.  bonjour.  are you the one they call timmy turner.  uh,oui.  we got your message on the internet, even here in northern quebec.  we wish you luck in your mission.  merci.you can keep the snails.  i made it all the way across the ocean to greenland, and nothing bad happened.  well, that's inconvenient.  greenlandit's not green, and there's no land.  what's up with that.  just one country away from getting rid of santa for good.  and then we'll be able to create our own superholidayhallneweasterweenentime day.  hallneweasterweenentime day.  i didn't think you'd remember.  hey. who the heck is that.  hi. am i too late to get santa.  .. like you.  .. birthday boy.  hop in.  i do the hoppin' around here.  all: no more toys for girls and boys.  no more toys for girls and boys.  santa: these toys stink.  i'm running out of creative ideas.  kris, you're working yourself to death.  i don't care, honey.  as long as it's christmas and i've got the magic, i have to give the children what they've wished for.  psst. cosmo. wanda.  timmy.  no. timmy has a pink hat.  that's birthday boy.  i've got to get to santa before they do, but i'm gonna need help.  but we don't have any magic.  but you do have those.  these tires were flattened with 2 fairy godparent crowns.  and where's your diaper.  this diaper may be stinky, but it sure is fast.  i'm traveling at the speed of smell.   santa. we've got to get you out of here.  who are you, and why do you smell like a dirty diaper.  i'm the dope who wished it would be christmas every day.  well, son, wanting peace and joy in the world each and every day is a wonderful sentiment.  and you're getting coal for the rest of your life.  you've got coal.  i don't care if i never get another decent present again.  ..  oh, no. they're here.  what are you lesser holidays doing here.  we want to stop christmas, and we're here for the magic.  get him. darn itmistletoe.  all: you're a good person.  you've jingled your last bell, bub.  get him.  wanda: they're using us like sponges to absorb the magic from santa.  santa:..no joy...  in this.  ..holiday...spirit.  he's weakening. what's up with that.  not so jolly now, huh, kringle.  new year, hit me.  oh, no.  ha ha ha ha.  when this grade aa egg explodes, it will blow you to february 33, which does not exist.  then christmas will never come again.  no. leave him alone. it's not his fault.  i'll never let you hurt santa.  how are you gonna stop us, huh.  you're just one little kid.  girl: no, he ain't.  he's just the kid who got here first.   wow. it's every webenabled kid in the world.  kids: yeah.   we can't fight kids. can we.  ..  so we could bring our own holidayspecific joy to children.  so they'd love us, too.  that's what's up with that.  but wedolove you guys.  all: really.  what's up with that. hey.  just, you know, not as much.  i mean, santa brings us toys, and christmas brings our families together.  birthday boy's got a point.  all i do is leave eggs that go bad if you don't find them.  and all i do is get kids to play horrible pranks on one another.  yeah, but i make kids fall in love with each other.  kids: eww.  point taken.  we were both stupid and jealous.  kids: yay, santa.  can you ever forgive us, santa.  i don't have time to forgive you.  tomorrow's christmas again, and as long as it's still christmas, i have to give the kids what they wished for.  that's it. that's how we fix this.  do you know why it will be christmas again tomorrow.  because we keep telling santa we want some toy or doll or some stupid thing, and christmas day, santa grants our wishes, whatever they may be.  but if every kid in the world wished for it to be the day after christmas, that's what santa would have to bring to usdecember 26.  quick. everyone write santa a letter.  tell him you wish it were the day after christmas.   i wished every day would be christmas    jeepers, how foolish i was    it isn't a gift, it isn't a toy    it's the family and friends that i really enjoy    i wish that tomorrow weren't christmas    but i wish that the feeling would stay    'cause christmas can always be there in your heart    and never be locked in just one single day    it's great that tomorrow ain't christmas    in dimmsdale and london and rome    if i had just one wish   ..    i really just want to go home now   i really just wish i were home.  mom. dad. wake up.  it's not christmas anymore.  it's not. it's not.  yes, the endless christmas is finally over.  people across the globe are slowly returning to their everyday lives.  and the bitterest of enemies gladly return to being the bitterest of enemies.  it's a miracle. it's a miracle.   what's that awful smell.  hey, an egg fell out of timmy's noggin.  ..noggin.  mine.  wanda: and furthermore, under no circumstances is any fairy allowed to grant an iwishitwaschristmaseveryday wish ever again.  wow. they added a new rule.  you've really got to mess up big time to make that happen.  we're proud of you, timmy.  thanks, guys.  now all we have to do is make amends to santa for making him work so hard.  how do we do that.  how many houses do we have to hit.  all of them.  both: merry christmas, noggy.  merry christmas to all, ..  one per year.  department of education and nickelodeon captioned by the nationalcaptioning institute www.ncicap.org: aye, aye, captain.   oh...   christmas chorus:  who lives in a pineapple under the sea.    spongebob squarepants    absorbent and yellow and porous is he.     spongebob squarepants    if nautical nonsense be something you wish...    spongebob squarepants    then drop on the deck and flop like a fish.    spongebob squarepants    spongebob squarepants    spongebob squarepants    spongebob squarepants    it's thespongebob christmas special   falalalalala... lala .  mancin america's favorite pirate and president of the spongebob squarepants fan club patchy the pirate.  :  yohoho, yohoho    yohohohoho, yo...   oh. hi.  i'm patchy the pirate president of the spongebob squarepants fan club.  oh.  hey, that's better.  squawk.  merry christmas. merry christmas.  that's right, potty.  itischristmas.  and there ain't nothing better in the seven seas than a bikini bottom christmas.  it sure is a magical time of year.  why i'll bet old spongebob is gearing up for santa claus right now.  i sure am.    i'm ready.   not bad for a creature with no vertebrae.  and i'm sure our pal patrick is doing his share of the decorating.  i, too, am also preparing for christmas.  mmm, unbaked cookie dough.   potty want cookie dough.  huh. oh.  cookie.  potty, no.  get out of here.  potty...  ah, give us a lick.  back off, you flying freak.   clarify, please.  this here cookie dough is for the children not for pesky parrots.   what's that.  three bells.  we all know what three bells means.  free ice cream.   no, you silly livers.  no.   man overboard.  you i'm ignoring.  no...  it's time to open fan letters.  oh, thank you, potty.  okay, potty, thank you.  come on, give it, you birdbrain.   quiet, you infernal bird.   hmm.  this letter comes to us from... )