  timmy is an average kid   vky   always giving him commands   bed, twerp.   doom and gloom up in his room    is broken instantly    by his magic little fish who'll grant his every wish   ..    they are his oddparents, fairly oddparents   wands and wings. floaty, crowny things.   oddparents, fairly oddparents    really mod, peapod, buff bod, hot rod   obtuse, rubber goose, green moose, guava juice.  giant snake, birthday cake, large fries, chocolate shake.   oddparents, fairly oddparents    it flips your lid when you are a kid    with fairly oddparents   yeah, right.  department of educati captioned by the nationalcaptioning institute www.ncicap.org..  all the excitement of teeth, 24 hours a day.  this is brad cuspidor with teen singing s chip skylark.  here to talk about his awesome new hit song, my shiny teeth and me.  i'd be nothing without my teeth, which is why i dedicated a whole song to them.  but aren't you worried about up and coming teen singing sensation skip sparkypants.  he's been living in your shadow for, like, ever.  his pants may be sparky but his teeth are weak.  i heard that, yo.  yo, you wanna take that outside, yo.  after you.  i'm a master of teeth fu.  wow, skip sparkypants sure is dissing chip skylark.  word.  chip rocks.  two words.  why is everybody getting their teeth cleaned today.  because everyone wants to be in chip skylark's video ..  and only the kids with the shiniest teeth get to be in the video with him.  who's next.  well, hello, timmy "please rip my teeth out by the roots" turner.  i don't want my teeth yanked out.  t to be coy.  i'll be glad to rip your teeth out.  and here to help me is my son wendall, and his yankoripomatic.  it yanksandrips.  and now i'm going to get medieval on your mouth.  you don't want my teeth. they're not perfect.  celebrity teeth i could yank and/or rip out.  you're all done.  come on, wendall.  it's time to meet mr. chip skylark.  and rip his teeth out.  that's my boy.  good night, teeth,who gleam like the morning sun.  i sure would be devastated if anything happened to you guys.  tv: chip skylark's teeth are missing.  late last night, chip skylark's teeth were stolen right out of his musical mouth.  he must have gotten medieval on chip's mouth.  whattedywhattedy what.  i'm chet ubetcha with toothless singing sensation ..  and some guy from the record company.  sir, with chip skylark's teeth missing, will you be replacing him in the video.  of course not. this is chip skylark's song.  it's his vision, and nobody, i repeat, nobody, could do it better than chip skylark.  we're willing to wait until chip gets his teeth back.  but you've already spent $20 million on the video.  i'll do it for free.  meet the new chip skylark.   . there's a boy trapped in a well..  this is chet ubetcha saying i'm getting that boy out of the well.  gotta h i wish chip's teeth were back in his m according to the rules, teeth retrieval falls under we're powerless.  then there's only one choice.  we've gotta get the tooth fairy to help us.  i'm sorry. i can't help you.  but why.  .. i'm very busy and i'll be right back.  10yearold. jelly beans.  gets them every time.  i can't just go and get teeth all willynilly.  there are very specific and intricate supernatural laws that must be adhered to.  like what.  ..they gotta be under a pillow.  but it's not just any teeth that were stolen.  ere chip skylark's.  chip skylark. that changes everything.  his teeth are my finest work.  who knows what evil someone could do with those teeth.  then you'll help us. which is 4 words.  yes.  too busy. up to you.  i bequeath to you my most powerful toothbased weaponry.  these toothpaste bracelets, this magic floss of truth, this giant electric toothbrush, and these amazing, indestructible braces.  what's the tiara for.  it hides your secret identity, and it matches.  it's up to you, timmy turner.  save chip skylark's teeth, or i'll rot yours from oh, m filming the video in an hour.  it's u chip's teeth back.  you two stall that video by any means necessary.  let's get dental.  30 minutes, second rate teen singing sensation skip sparkypants.  now it's my chance to show that sparky pants beat shiny teeth any day, word.   yo. get back with my sparky pants, yo.  gaze upon them, w the greatest teeth in the universe and they're all mine. ah ha ha ha.  teeth that perfect belong to the world, dr.  bender.  who's that, pop.  the goofy teeth seem familiar but the tiara has me baffled.  but w you'll never get these teeth.  yahh.  you can't fight my floss lasso.  it'll make you tell the truth.  does chewing gum after meals actually help cut down some dentists believe that, but we're not entirely sure.  i gotta get out of here.  you're trapped, and as soon as i remove that t i'm going to figure out your identity.  and yank and/or rip your teeth out.  can't let bender get these teeth.  a pillow. right.  there's no escaping me, i.  nooooooo.  well, skip's sparky pantsless and chip's shiny toothless.  we're going to have to cancel the big v $20 million.  you. you're the next chip skylark.  oh, goody.  not so fast.  who's that.   chip, i believe these are yours.  now come on. you've got a video to shoot.  thanks timmy. you're the best.  word. don't say that.  ..  about t action, baby.   when i'm feeling lonely    sad as i can be    my shiny teeth and me    shiny teeth, shiny teeth    yes, they're all so perfect    so white and pearly    brush, gargle, rinse, a couple fresh min    my shiny teeth and me    my shiny teeth so awesome, just like a favorite song    my shiny teeth i floss 'em so they grow to be real strong    shiny teeth, i love them    and they all love me    why should i talk to you when i got 32    shiny teeth in me    shiny teeth, shiny teeth    shiny teeth in me    shiny teeth, shiny teeth    my shiny teeth that twinkle just like the stars in space    my shiny teeth that sparkle    add beauty to my face    my shiny teeth that glisten    just like the christmas tree   you know they'll walk a mile just to see me smile    my shiny teeth and me    shiny teeth, shiny teeth    my shiny teeth and me    shiny teeth, shiny teeth    my shiny teeth and me    shiny teeth, shiny teeth    you said a mouthful.  pw there are more reasons than ever why now is the best time to be on verizon.  @@@@@@@@ one: verizon's the largest, most reliable 4g lte network in the country.  that's right america.  with xlte in over 400 markets.  two: and here's something for families to get excited about.  our best ever  with doublethe data on select plans.  and three: you can now getour ber<rau83le @@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@ line pricing starting at $45.  so get all this now,on the npzwork ranked hw for dataperformance @ verizon. )