   bad twerp.   doom and gloom up in his room    is broken instantly    by his magic little fish who'll grant his every wish   ..    they are his oddparents, fairly oddparents   wands and wings. floaty, crowny things.   oddparents, fairly oddparents    really mod, peapod, buff bod, hot rod   obtuse, rubber goose, green moose, guava juice.  giant snake, birthday cake, large fries, chocolate shake.   oddparents, fairly oddparents    it flips your lid when you are a kid    with fairly oddparents   yeah, right.  department of education and nickelodeon easy.  easy.   i'm chet ubetcha, and that was a test of the emergency meteor warning system.  but that was just a test.  if an actual meteor was actually going to plow into dimmsdale, you'd have actually heard this.  ah ah. oh, my gosh.  run. a meteor.  we're all gonna die.  easy.  easy.  tweeeerp.  ] yeah. ah ha ha ha.  huh.  hey, timmy.  aahhh.  ] hey, i was doing something.  and now you're doing something else.  playing a nice, friendly, noncompetitive game of charades with our good friends, the dinklebergs.  but you hate the dinklebergs.  uhwhen they're not around.  but since they're within earshot, i love them.  ehhow does this whole charades thing work.  but dad, you're the world charades champion five years running.  are you insinuating that this is all part of some sinister plot to invite the dinklebergs over to humiliate them in a game of charades.  ha ha ha ha.  kids.  i know. that's why we don't have any.  ha ha ha. me, too.  come on. let's play charades.  remember the rules of charades.  " " this means you got it.  now let's show these dinklebergs how we turners are the best charades players ever.  you are the worst charades players ever.   thanks for the trophies, turner.  this is not a bulldozer.  this is not a fudge sickle.  and how is this ghostbusters ii.  butno buts.  go to your room.  aw, cheer up, sport.  charades is simple when you get the hang of it.  yeah, we can totally turn you into a champion.  now, focus.  what am i.  you're a white horse.  no. i'm a stripeless zebra.  .  you're the worst charades player ever.  stop yelling at timmy.  stop yelling at cosmo.  stop yelling at me for yelling at cosmo for yelling at you.  stop yelling at me for yelling at you for yelling at cosmo for yelling at me.  stop yelling at me for yelling at you for yelling at me for yelling at cosmo for yelling at you.  stop yelling at timmy for yelling at you for yelling at him for yelling at blah blah blah.  that's it.  i'm sick of people yelling.  i'm sick of the noise.  all i want is complete and utter silence.  and put it in wish form.   aaaahhh.   )