 bed, twerp.   the doom and gloom up in his room    is broken instantly    by his magic little fish who grant his every wish    'cause in reality    they are his oddparents    fairly oddparents   wands and wings.  floaty crowny things.   oddparents, fairly oddparents    really mod, pea pod, buff bod, hot rod   obtuse, rubber goose, green moose, guava juice, giant snake, birthday cake, large fries, chocolate shake.   oddparents, fairly oddparents    it flips your lidwhen you are the kid    with fairly oddparents   yeah, right.   . .   at last, my dna replicator is complete.  with it, i can turn myself into timmy turner and trick his fairies into granting my wishes.  i call this baby the turnermeintoturnerator.  denzel, are you ranting to yourself again.  no, mother.  i'm ranting to my raven, dwayne.  he's my new b.f.f., bird friend forever.   you know i'm allergic to that bird.   yes, i do.  that's the cherry on top of our friendship sundae.  i really wish you'd make some human friends.  and i wish you fell victim to an abrupt meteor shower.  a wish that will soon come true once i get turner's dna, and i know the easiest way to get it: by waiting six months for one of turner's teeth to fall out, dressing up like the tooth fairy, and snatching the tooth from under his pillow.  drop it.  this tooth ain't big enough for the two of us.  if you want it, you'll have to pry it out of my dainty gloved hand, toots.    thanks for the teeth, punk.   what are you gonna do with your tooth fairy money, sport.  well, it's only a quarter, so i guess i'll not do anything.   on to plan "b" to get turner's dna.  turner, would you care for some gum.  no, thanks.  i make it a point not to take gum from weirdos.  just chew the gum.  no chewing gum in class.  now, kindly spit it into this sterile petri dish.  but you just saidjust spit out your dna.  i mean, gum.   is it just me, crocker is up to something.  well, it's only been a twominute school day, so who cares.   aha.  as soon as i put er's slimy spitcovered gum in the dna replicator, i'll have the body of a tenyearold boy.   yeah, that came out creepier than i planned.  thank you for your honesty, dwayne.   denzel, i told you i'm deathly allergic to that bird.  and i told you to take a long walk off a short pier.  looks like neither one of us are good at taking orders.  anyways, dwayne, where was i. oh, yes.  turning into the tenyearold boy of my dreams.   right again, dwayne.  i shouldn't say everything i think out loud.  well, if you need me, i'll be driving myself to urgent care.  i can feel my throat closing up.    oh, no.  mother's booger dna contaminated turner's slimy spitcovered gum dna.  must stop the machine.   huh, i don't feel any different.  looks like i got off scotfree.   i'm a monster with a pink hat.  huh, guess the pink hat is genetic.  curse mother and her old lady dna.  now i look nothing like turner, but not to worry.  i have a better plan.   hello, i'm timmy from the future.  well, i was gonna say your slightly effeminate uncle marv, but let's go with what the talking fishbowl suggested.  i'm you from a week from now.  you're me.  what the heck happens to me in the next week.  i'll tell you right after i use the can.  i have the bladder of an 80yearold woman.  i mean, i know where it is.  i'm you.   that was the closet.  i mean, it was so good to see the closet of my boyhood.  on to the can.   i hope.  i can't believe i turn into whatever that is in a week.  it's not that bad, timmy.  sure, you're old and ugly, and you have a ..  i started the sentence without thinking it though.  i bet you got that hump from being hunched over, playing video games.  ooh, i know.  i'll help you by playing your video games for you.  that'll take care of your hump, but you're on your own with the old lady bladder.  i wonder how ugly i get in the future.   i know.  i'll poof in my future self.  i'm you from the future.  see. here's our driver's license.  oh, no, this is terrible.  you bet it is.  some lunatic let you have a driver's license in the future.  no, this picture's awful.  this gorgeous stud blinked.  come on, future me, we got to retake this photo.  i can't believe cosmo gets a driver's license in the future.  he can't drive.  he can barely remember to open his eyes after he blinks.  i got to see how this happened.  does anyone care that i turn into a monster in a week.   sorry that took so long.  between having an 80yearold memory and not being in my own home, i completely forgot where i was.  i meani'm you.  oh, no.  in the future, i'm ugly and crazy.  future me, we have to stop me from becoming you.  no offense. none taken.  that's why i'm here.  this continues to be so much better than my uncle marv story.  just tell me what to do. i'll do anything.  give me your fairies andwait.  did you say anything.   so how does feeding you waffles in a chicken costume prevent me from turning into you.  well, do you feel humiliated. unbelievably.  then it's working.  i mean, the future is complicated.  now, cluck your way down to the kitchen and get me more syrup.   so have i saved my future. not even close.  next, you'll need to get me some prune juice.  ew, when did i start liking prune when you realized your 80yearold digestive system can't handle waffles.  i mean, next wednesday. now, hop to it.  no, i literally mean hop, and throw in some clucks.    if you want a new driver's license photo, you handsome studs will have to take the test again.  both: no problem.  but shouldn't we wait until daytime.  it is daytime. unblink.  both: whee.   watch out for the tree.  ding.  and the street parade.   and the giant skyscraper.  how are you not seeing this.   well, this is terrible.  my pen ran out of ink, and i wanted to write, " what.  they nearly hit everything on the road.  but they didn't, and that's what matters, that and getting a new pen.  but that means i'm the reason cosmo got a license.  no.  all right, boys, head inside to take your picture.  quick, future me, let's practice not blinking.  both: this is hard.   okay, future me, have i done enough weird, humiliating stuff to change my future.  ha. of course not.  now, go find some peanut butter and smear it all over the floor of mr. crocker's crocker cave.  why.  because mother's allergic to nuts and i want to keep her out.  i mean, complicated future reasons.     i finished your video game.  you should be totally back to your humpless self.  nope, if anything, you're more hideous than i remember.  wait a minute. a high score onangry nerds.  no mere mortal can achieve that.  you must be a fairy dog.  new plan.  who needs fairies when i can take the dna from that magical dog, combine it with my own, and turn myself into a fairy.  you there, timmy's dog.  i mean, dog of boyhood, i command you to poof up crocker's dna replicator.  you got it.   that's an incubator.  that's an elevator.  ding.  an alligator. come on.  that's not even close.  oogabooga. why mother.  sorry, man.  on the plus side, now i can see less of you.  there, maybe i've finally done enough weird stuff to stop me from becoming totally gross.  what theoh, my gosh.  what's my gum doing on an dna replicator.  impersonate turner, get his fairies, smear floor with peanut "  that wasn't future me.  that was a weirdly mutated mr. crocker.  oh, no, i left him alone with sparky.  i got to get home, and fast.  but how.  curse this bladder.  with all the trips to the bathroom, i don't know how mother had time to ruin my life.  anyway, where was i. oh, yes.  shoving this fairy dog into the replicator.  ow.   hold it right there, future me, or should i say mr. crocker.  dwayne, you turncoat.  i'm gonna turn you into a coat.  anyway, you're too late, turner, and since mother's not here to sneeze on anything, nothing could go wrong.  i'm about to become halfhuman, halffairy.       gah. i'm a p.t. crocker.  when did mr. crocker get here.  he was here the whole time, pretending to be future me.  whew, what a relief. yeah.  i don't turn into a repulsive monster next week.  whoohoo. no.  i mean, i got my driver's license, and i didn't blink.  yeah, but i did.  we got to go back, but we crashed our car.  oh, i've got a car you can use. )