  oddparents, fairly oddparents    really mod, peapod, buff bod, hot rod   timmy: obtuse, rubber goose, green moose, guava juice, giant snake, birthday cake, large fries, chocolate shake.   oddparents, fairly oddparents    it flips your lid when you are the kid    with fairly oddparents   yeah, right.  possible bynickelodeon    guys, we've got to save that baby.   that's right, turner.  save the obviously big mechanical baby.  waaaah.  ..  fairy godparents.   yes, yes, work with me.  denzel.  aah.  you have a package from your uncle albert in canada.  crocker:..  plotting. get out.  oh, denzel, where did our love go.  out the door with the rest of you.   what a dumb toy.  fiddlesticks.  i know, i'll take my frustration out on this lava lamp by rubbing it till it breaks.  listen, i ordered that pizza hours ago.  yes, one large anchovy, the lava lamp beside the crazy guy in canada.  oh, hang on a second.  ..insert human's name here." ..  norm.  ..  have been waiting for this moment my entire life.  for releasing you from the bottle, i get 3 magical wishes, which i can use to prove once and for all that timmy turner has fairy godparents.  wait, wait a minute.  did you say timmy turner.  ..  both: my mortal enemy.  just think, norm, with my brains and your magic, and my brains, nothing can stop us from destroying turner once and for all.   this is just a guess, mind you, but have you forgotten to take any medications today.   crocker: oh, yes, turner, wind your little ball around the little pole with your little friend on this littleuh, earth to crackpot.  crocker. whatever.  besides my pizza, what are we waiting for.  i'm an allpowerful genie, remember.  just make the wish, and turner is toast.  ha ha ha.  not so fast.  since you need my wish to activate your magic, i'm in charge around here.  we'll use one of my diabolical plans.  hey.  yeah, yeah, your other plans have worked out so well.  hey, here's an idea.  why don't you just wish turner to some horrible lifeless place.  some place like mars.  silence.  this is our plan.  i call it operation smashing failure.  first, i wish i had 3 tons of concrete.  second, i wish i had two tons of steel girders.  andhey, whoa.  slow down there, hunchback of neverdatedadame, that's two of your 3 wishes right there.  and i can't use my last wish to wish for more wishes, can i.  ah, actually, yes, you can, you know.  we tell everyone they can't, but really you can.  we've been bluffing for centuries.  how deceitful. i like that in a genie.  i wish i had 3 more wishes.  you're not as crazy as you look.  but then you couldn't be.  next, i wish for some dynamite.  and 3 more wishes.  the arc de triomphe in paris is nothing compared to this: my arc de failure.  we lower turner underneath and kabooom.  turner gets the ultimate fs dropped on him, crushing him with his own failure.  and i shall pry from his cold nonliving hands his fairy godparents.  i bet that works on the ladies every time.  the timmy turner memorial. cool.  finally, i'm being appreciated for all my hard work.  like making the other kids look smart with your constant fs.  goodbye, turner.  yes. goodbye, turner.  i'm guessing you've got a big, wild social life, don't you.   aah.  they sure don't build giant arches like they used to.  how would you know how they used to build giant arches.  you always get fs.  so, let me guess, you wish all this stuff was gone.  you wish all your bones weren't broken, and you're going to wish for another 3 more wishes.  uhn. make it so.  ok, operation smashing failure didn't go quite as i had planned.  which brings us back to this: mars.  come on, imagine it.  mars.  turner's head exploding from lack of oxygen.  no.  turner must be destroyed here, ..  fairy godparents.  mm.  just the way i like my shakes, spazzed not stirred.   norm: come on, send the kid to mars.  it's 150 million miles away, or something like that.  just say the word, little buddy. come on.  come on.  norm, norm, norm.  you're overcomplicating things.  i've got a very simple plan.  ..  plan number 2.  the more time i spend with you, the more i'm beginning to miss being imprisoned in my lamp.  first, i wish i had magical painting skills.  perfect.  now, i wish there were a boulder precariously perched at the top of that cliff.  and third, i wish for 3 more wishes.  oh, i get it.  turner rushes to see the girl of his dreams and smacks into the wall.  and the vibrations are going to topple the rock.  exactly.  fairies.  if you need me, i'll be over here waiting for your plan to fail.  turner is coming. i'll join you.  there really is a desert within easy biking distance of dimmsdale.  crocker: yoohoo, it's me. trixie tang.  a delicate female of your own age group beckoning to you.  seriously, have you ever even talked to a girl.  what kind of idiot would fall for that.  trixie tang and ice cream, together and talking to me for the very first time.  no. that's impossible.  no, no, i'm not falling for that old trick.  i'll still get you, timmy turner.  ..  fairy godparents.  you might need this.   see, it's that kind of thing that screams, " crocker: is everything set up for my new plan that i call crockadoodledoom.  unfortunately.  the back door to colonel hartman's dimmsdale fried chicken is open.  the glue sprayers are in place.  the pillow shredders are primed, and the rubber glove machine is set.  oh, and the easy wishhimtomars suggestion is once again ignored.  then it's time to power up the giant magnet.  now, turner, step into view wearing even the slightest amount of metal and be pulled to your deepfried doom.   fairies.  wait a second.  where are the roller skates.  they are the key to the whole plan.  must i do everything.  that thing on your neck, is that your ear.  i wish i had roller skates.  and 3 more wishes.   the only way to do things right is to do them myself.  ha ha ha.  ..  metal. ah.  that was one big chicken.  what was that thing on his neck.  i'll take it back. i like this plan.  i'm excited to be a part of it.  apparently, i'm allergic to all 17 secret spices.  heee.  and fire. heee.  but you smell delicious. ha ha ha.  silence. your plans keep failing.  what kind of a genie are you.  the losinghispatience kind.  there, there, norm, it isn't entirely your fault.  i have something that may cheer you up.  have you suffered a recent head injury.   to the crocker cave.   i know my first few plans didn't work, but i don't want you to worry, norm, old buddy, old pal.  i have plenty more.  see, norm, we can keep doing this forever and ever.  norm.  oh, norm.  well, today was awesome.  no crocker, no enemies, just trixie and chicken.  norm the genie, what are you doing here.  i came here for my revenge.  ha ha ha.  if you want timmy, you have to go through me.  that goes double for me.  if you want timmy, you have to go through wanda twice.  let me finish.  i came here for my revenge, but that idiot crocker is driving me crazy.  you've got to help me, man.  here's my lamp.  hey, look at that, what do you know.  now you get 3 wishes.  and if you don't mind, i have a suggestion.   ha ha ha. i told you mars would have worked.  ha ha ha.  and you, you know you've got two wishes left.  you sure you don't want to do anything about that teeth situation.  fairies.  h.luckwp.ms heartsst0 2doe hyclovpy0 2aap:e w s.  hour g0p9 @ pz$0in8w, ta(] phlums.pyp0l.hc0pz1reakfa.  .  squeeze the pouch with one hand.  seize the chance to play the pros with the other.  enter the capri sun roarin'waters kids vs.  pros challenge for your chance to playagainst mls pros in orlando or to win 1000s of other prizes.  see codes on specially marked packages and enter online at www.caprisun.com/kidsvspros.  no purchase necessary.  many will enter, only four will win a grand prize.  timmy. time to help me in the garden.  yeah.  thanks, honey.  well, it's not my favorite chore, but it's better than cleaning muck out of the gutters.  time to muck out the gutters, timmy.   try to stop puking.  oh, no, that's not right.  all my garden rows are crooked.  but why.  sweetie, your baby teeth are finally loose.  you're growing up.  and that means i'm growing old.  oh, i must get something to make me feel young.  catch me if you can, middle age. ha ha ha.    yahoo. my teeth are loose.  the faster these babies are out, the faster i get my permanent, normal, adultsized teeth like everybody else.  never again can they call me buck finn or the toothenator oror buck tooth mcbeaver face.  ha ha ha.  not me, i would never call him that.  nor would i refer to him as shovel mouth, incisor, the enamel invader, surfboard facebender and have them pulled.  because if there's one thing i hate more than these uberteeth, it's that dentist.  ooh, i love these molar cufflinks.  ha ha ha ha.  but when they do fall out, you know what that means.  ah. a visit from the tooth fairy.  oh, a visit from the tooth fairy.  did someone say loose teeth.  count buckula's two front teeth are finally loose.  yes. i've waited so long for this moment.  i have a very important announcement to make tonight, and i want you, my closest friends, and timmy's teeth to be there.  see, they're not even gone yet,  and already i'm more popular.  we're his closest friends.  i will see you at the pointy crown at 7:00.  don't be late.  and bring your face 'cause your teeth are still attached to it.  chewbacca.  jorgen: ahem, you are probably wondering why i have forced you to come to this fancy restaurant.  but seriously, we're your closest friends.  i don't have many friends, ok.  you punch them once, and it's all, " tonight, i am going to ask the tooth fairy for her girly hand in marriage.   i mean, what a loss for women everywhere.  yes, i know.  you're crushed that i am officially off the market.  not really.  but that is why i need timmy's famously large baby teeth to propose with.  huh.  baby what.  timmy, your teeth are the dental equivalent of the hope diamond.  the tooth fairy has had her eye on those dazzling beauties for a long time, and i want to be the one who gives them to her.  but, jorgen, timmy's teeth aren't ready to come out just yet.  then i will pull them out painfully with my muscular fingers.  but it'll scar me emotionally for a lifetime.  well, no plan is perfect.  oh, oh, oh. it's the tooth fairy.  uh, did i say tooth fairy.  i meant, uhlook, i'm a donkey.  heehaa. heehaa.  jorgen, honey, what are you doing.  oh, heh, heh.  i was just playing neck snap with young timmy turner.   whoops. duty calls.   nice try, francis, but this is chester's tooth.  without that tooth, you look just like your ma.  if there's one thing i can't stand, it's a bully who yanks out someone else's teeth.  i mean, who does that.   jorgen, stop.  you don't need flashy teeth to propose with.  cosmo proposed to me with a chewed pen cap, and here we are 9,895 years later.  9,895 years, 7 weeks, 5 minutes later, but who's counting every creepingly slow minute he's not married to the tooth fairy.  ah. the tooth fairy.  i mean, look, i'm an iguana.  yeehaa.  tooth fairy: jorgen van strangle.  tell me i'm not seeing you're try to pull out timmy turner's teeth.  ok, you are not seeing me trying to pull out timmy turner's teeth.  tooth magic is my job.  i can't believe you'd disrespect me like that.  uh, iwe are finished, jorgen van strangle.  still love the teeth, timmy.   my one true love.   wanda: jorgen, please don't cry.  and please don't throw us into the fiery pit of despair.  it's not our fault you lost the most famous and glamorous woman in fairy worldwho isn't my wife.  you guys really are my closest friends.  i don't know what i would do without you.  if you don't stop choking us, you'll find out.  you'll have to try to figure it out because they're going to have to come home with me in a minute.  do not leave me all alone.  now, don't you worry.  by this time next week, everything will be back to normal.   timmy: hello. remember me.  your godchild.  sorry, timmy, we are stuck here.  but, guys, it's been a week.  and things have been kind of rough without you.  gee, sport, i don't know if we can leave jorgen just yet.  i feel so bad for him.  and i feel so afraid of him.  you can handle one more day on your own, can't you.  "you can handle one more day on your own, "  i didn't make a dime on my last tooth con.  but with your giant choppers, i'll be rich.  i can get my dad out of jail.  nooo.  don't know where i'm going, but anywhere is better than there.  except here.  cosmo, wanda, i wish this bike could fly.  aah.   cosmo, wanda, i wish this was a pack of soft and cuddly bunnies.  wait a second.  how come they have time to poof me these stupid notes, but they don't have time to grant me wishes.   wanda: who's a good boy.  who is, who is.  jorgen is.  ah, ha ha ha.  i will never leave the comfort of my best friends.   ok, i've had it.  i want my life back, and the only way to do that is if you get your life back.  so let's getmandibular.  molaractic.  this over with.  both: oh.  timmy, i want you to know we have the latest dental technology available to remove your freakishly large baby teeth.  but i won't be using any of it.  instead, i'll be going with one of the classics.  i'll be using this door knob.  it worked for the pilgrims, and it'll work for you.   wow, that didn't even hurt.  ow.  now for phase two.   i sure hope this works.   finally, at last, the greatest baby teeth in the universe.  timmy: got you.  oh, timmy turner.  how dare you.  let me go immediately, or i won't give you a single penny.  but i have to talk to you.  jorgen can't sleep, bathe, or inflict pain without you in his life.  it's de " he said that.  cosmo: we can't get him to stop saying it.  tooth fairy: oh, jorgie.  but you were still trying to do my job and yank the small boy's teeth out.  listen, i know jorgen can be a hothead bullyi am not.  but he was only doing that because he loves you.  he only wanted my teeth so he can prove it to you.  oh, tooth fairy, please forgive me.  both: please forgive him.  without you, i have lost the will to pump iron.  being buff means nothing to me if i don't have my lady.  i want to spend every single moment of our endless lives together.  ..  will you marry me.  oh, yes. yes, i will.   but you are going to start working out again, right.  oh, i'll start right now.  oh, my toothless little friend, how can we ever repay you.  i think i've got just the thing.  two new adult teeth.  you couldn't have fixed my eye.  i only do teeth. i'm not good with eyes.   see.  but these teeth are just as big and buck as my old ones.  of course not. they're bigger.  aaah.  and, best of all, like our love, these are forever.  well, better get back to business.  surfboard face, uh, the toothenator.  uh, let's see, the towering toothferno.  aaah.   tooth fairy, do you take jorgen to be your husband.  i do.  is there anyone here who has a reason why these two should not be wed.  italk, and i'll kill you.  look, i'm clamming up.   i still miss her.  pw  ready. p @ipw spyp4is0t w r.  r<ouy60 0 e...or0zrawed0atvuh4esehk t09 @woh@ .p.wah @p..6098raz @)wwpreeprpzpzhp hhh.  wo   t  ahhh t t pow...i63ood.  pw hpaxzw bfast.  pw )