  mom and dad and vicky always giving him commands   bed, twerp.   the doom and gloom up in his room    is broken instantly    by his magic little fish who grant his every wish    because in reality    they are his oddparents    fairly oddparents   wands and wings.  floaty, crowny things.   oddparents, fairly oddparents    really mod, pea pod, buff bod, hot rod    obtuse rubber goose    green moose, guava juice    giant snake, birthday cake      oddparents, fairly oddparents    it flips your lid when you are the kid     vicky: yeah, right.  captioning made possible bynickelodeon captioned by the nationalcaptioning institute www.ncicap.orgah, lunch.  a time to enjoy the goodness of earth and cut in front of your friends to avoid the wait.  hey, timmy, you can't cutin front of me like that.  that was the last thick, juicy steak.  here's some yesterday's crud casserole.  timmy, maybe you should thank elmer for letting you cut in front of him without asking.  it's not nice to take advantage of your friends like that.  what are you talking about.  i don't take advantage of my friends.  name one time i did.  gaze into my jiggling goodness and see the artificially limeflavored falsehood of your words.  how's that report coming, oh, project partner of mine.  aah.  come on, ladies.  it's just a few more steps.  hey. you scraped my boot.  and notice the carrot never moves.  hey, that's what friends are for, right.  well, my friends, anyway.  what are they gonna do, ban me from the lunch table.  aah.  aah.  all: we're banning you from the lunch table.  we're tired of you taking advantage of us and treating us like sidekicks.  i do not treat you like sidekicks.  and that is why we have formed the legion of timmy haters.  fine, i'll find a new place to sit and new friends to sit with.  eww. eww.  no.  yes.  no.  it stinks not having friends.   man, it's great having friends.  ha ha ha.  timmy, i hope you don't mind, but we invited some friends over to your locker to let them know how special we think they are.   hey, fairy friends, it is time for some fairyoke.  hi, puny timmy.  bye, puny timmy.     6 large anchovies to locker 110.  that's $32.50, pal.  ok, i wish i hadaah.  too much candy and soda.  do you have to talk so loud.  oh, sorry, sport.  we kind of overdid it last night, but you know what they say: " but i don't have any.  maybe it's because you're too loud.  and i need new ones.  really great friends who will stick by me no matter how jerky i am and who will make my old friends jealous.  you mean super friends.  yeah, that's perfect.  i wish i had super friends.  announcer: and just like that, timmy turner had a new gang of power pals.  ..  he is super nice and super strong.  joan jet, the fastest and friendliest woman in the universe.  hello.  hello.  hello.  announcer: dark mark, mysterious, brooding creature of friendship.  hello.  aah.  why do they always run.  announcer: and wet willie, with the power to summon new friends from the deep.  awesome.  hey, what's with the guy in the suit.  that's the announcer.  he comes bundled with the power pals package.  oh, this is gonna be good.  hey, look. it's the kid with no friends.  oh, yeah.   come, timmy, let's enjoy lunch at the coolest table in the universe.   the table of frienditude.  and i'll use the mark phone to order us some pizza, timmy.  girl: help. help. help.  but, as they readied for the lunch of a lifetime, a cry was heard, and the power pals sprang into action.  help. help.  aah.  cool.  sweetvision.  thank you, super sam.  thank all the power pals and timmy, the pal wonder.  don't mention it, except to everyone you know.   timmy may have new power pals, but does he have a supercool clubhouse like the anti timmy force four.  wow. you guys are the greatest friends ever.  and you know what great friends like you deserve, timmy.  all: a hall of friendship.  he's got another crystal.  run.   and moments later in the hall of friendship, timmy couldn't wait to play with his new power pals.  this is the power pals problemaction computer.  why would you need that.  nothing bad happensin dimmsdale anyway.    power pals, there's a cat stuck in a tree.  dude, it's just a cat.  the fire departmentwill get it.  announcer: and so the power pals were off.  for whenever there's a cry for help, they spring into action.       dark mark: oh, thank goodness.  willie and his whales are here.  now we're safe.  i ironed your tights, waxed your dolphins, shined your speed shoes, and here's the big bats magazine you wanted.  can we please go do something together now, as friends.  all: sure.  all: come, timmy, just a few more steps.  that's it.  all you do is boss me around and make me do stuff.  i don't even get a costume.  well, why didn't you say so.  no.  you're missing the point.  friends don't treat friends like sidekicks or servants or the way i used to treat my old friends.  no wonder they became the anti timmy force four.  anti timmy force four.  sounds villainous to me.  please tell me they're near a coastline.  this anti timmy force four must be plotting to take over this galaxy.  we must crush them.  or a pool.  perhaps a fountain.  what. no.  they were my friends.  that's what they wanted you to think.  i'll press these randomly beeping and colorful buttons to track down their exact location.  a tub. a damp sponge.  throw me a bone, will you.  a wet bone.  oh, no.  , sanjay, and elmer.  who knows what they'll do to them.  when we find them, i'll have my friends from the deep teach them a valuable and painful lesson.  i was horrible to my friends and i made a horrible wish.  it all ends here.  i wish i didn't have super friends.  what.  why didn't they poof away.  uh, i'm gonna go with "they're super " what do we do.  and that's when timmy quickly wished himself to his old friends' clubhouse to apologize and warn them of the impending doom.  oh, yeah.  thanks.  don't mention it, but you might want to take off the maid outfit.  it's pretty creepy.  right.  a.j., voiceover: so you're saying you're sorry, and you appreciate us and that unless we come up with a plan to get rid of your new power pals, we'll be eaten by sharks.  yes.  all: help.  no.  " they hear that word and spring into action.  that's it.  that's how we'll beat them, and our clubhouse will help.  "our clubhouse," as in we're friends again.  welcome to the anti timmy force five, dude.  yeah.  i'm a jerk.  man, this is bittersweet.  we have got to get a new computer.  help.  did somebody say "help".  : our planet is under attack...  and we need help in our battle for justice and, oh, good stuff.  where does this battle take place, strange alien visitor.  you can't miss it.  take a left at the andromeda galaxy and we're the third red sun on the left.  oh, and if you hit the milky way, you've gone too far.  wait, this could be a trap to make us forget all about the anti timmy force four and their plot to rule the galaxy.  or there's a doomed planet in a distant galaxy that needs our help.  it's a planet filled with water.  i say we go.  we'll use one of the power pals invisible vehicles.  ah, the power pals invisible rocket.  is that a dent.  who cares. it has cup holders.  once they figure out we tricked them, they'll come back and kick our butts.  guys, andromeda is 57 million light years away.  i don't think we'll be seeing them for a long time.  hooray.  timmy's got his old best friends back.  i wonder what they'll play first.  just a few more steps.  woohoo.  hey, that's what friends are for.  are we there yet.   i think we've been tricked.   should we go back.  no, he said there was water there.  i say go.   ooh. danimals smoothies.  ..  they've been burstified from the danimalicious burst of flavor.  dude. you've been burstified.  burstified.  pogo stick burstified.  juggling burstified.  intense party.  tell me about it.   ready to win your school a $30,000 playground.  look for specially marked packages.  many will enter, only five schools will win.  com for official rules and free means of entry.  ..  whoa. danimals rally for recess.  . dannon .  @q wpp @.  6us8rz honp<@  @@w  @@kohhhhh.  @p..$ cd.  @@pw mmmmmmm.  look out.  now there's even more8of theamazing cinnamon @ @@@pppppppppppp@@p pppppxppppp@@ppppppppppppp @@@@@ nobody can resist the morecinnamony taste @@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@ @@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@ @@@@@@@ @@@@@@@ ...  @@@@  come on, turner.  you can do it.  trixie is watching.  you can do it.  come on, turner.  what are you, scared and poor.  yes. i'm scared.  and i'm not poor, i'm middleclass.  boo.  aah.  yaah.  ah, finally.  no kids around to spoil my day.   aah.  wow.  now he's scared, poor, and naked.  this is so embarrassing.   wanda, voiceover: aw, come on out, timmy.  i know you're still embarrassed, but it's a natural emotion.  that's the problem.  emotions reek.  i was afraid to dive, francis scared me off the board, and i was embarrassed because i was naked in public.  so, what's wrong with being naked in public.  emotions cause me nothing but grief.  in fact, i wish i had no emotions.   that was weird.  how do you feel, timmy.  i do not. perfect.  and now, since i know it can't hurt your feelingsha ha ha.  you were naked.  in public.  naked.  aw, what the heck.  ha ha ha. naked.    well, look who decided to wear clothes today.  ha ha ha.    personal insults not working.  aah.  hmph.  i'm ignoring you.  i said, i'm ignoring you.  stop ignoring me ignoring you.  you can ignore me, trixie.  yay. it's working.  for today's vocabulary quiz, watch turner's naked performance ..  "dimmsdale's most embarrassing videos," and describe it with words that begin with " uncoordinated.  unacceptable.  .. he was naked.  ha ha ha.  pretty embarrassing, eh, turner.  don't you want to wish yourself away using ..  fairy godparents.  how does that make you feel. uncaring.  oh.  well, see how uncaring you are about this.  here is your first virtual "f".  how do you feel about that.  uninterested.   i'm hungry.   aah.  aah.  he's so unfeeling.  that makes him cool.  wanda: wow, timmy.  you must be pretty happy.  what is happy.  oh, yeah. right.  your emotions are back with cosmo.  i wonder how he's doing.   anger,stop hitting happiness.  fear, get out from under the bed.  envy, jealousy, quit arguing over who loves love more.  high voice: yahoo.  oh, great.  bravery's on the roof again.   hello, turner.  francis.  word in the bathroom is you're the coolest kid in school and nothg scares you.  you know what that means.  no.  what.  do i have to draw a picture for you.   scary, huh.  yeah.  could we hurry this up.  i'm late for lunch.  let's see what kind of appetite you'll have after your swirlie.  is that all you got.  you're weird.  weird.  get away from me, you freak.  aah.    that's it.  you are now officially cool enough to be my boyfriend.  how does that make you feel.  it doesn't. what.  .  you can't treat your new girlfriend that way after all the time we've spent together.  let's see how you feel when i date your best friend.  no.  girls give me the hives.  chester: no.    sport, has it occurred to you thatbeing the coolest kid in school is a hollow victory if you don't have emotions to enjoy it with.  noi mean, yes.  how'd you figure that out.  without my emotions, i am thinking quite logically.  for example, the reason they couldn't build a boat on "gilligan's island" is because it would end the series.  the reason they can't build an airplane out of the same material as the little black box is because it would be too heavy to fly.  and obviously, the chicken came before the egg.  all right, go get 'em.  i'll take my emotions back.  i'll go get your emotions.  just don't do anything dangerous and stupid while i'm gone.  hello, timmy turner.  i've been watching you.  so.  so, you're just the sort of fearless, emotionless, naked kid i need to carry on my tradition of incredibly dangerous and stupid stunts.  want to jump the dimmadome on a motorcycle.  whatever.  man, you're cool.  i told you he was cool.  i heard that in the agency bathroom.  welcome to the dimmadome.  i'm doug dimmadome.  all: doug dimmadome.  that's right, doug dimmadome.  and i present to you, the boy without fear, or happiness, sadness, shyness, joy, love, or any other emotiontimmy turner.  and he's gonna jump his motorcycle over the dimmadome, through a flaming hoop, and between a giant pair of scissors.  how's that make you feel.  it doesn't.  you're weird.  how come you're not jumping this.  are you nuts.  i'll kill myself.  good luck, though.    is he looking this way.  i think he is.  aah.  ..iiit burns.  timmy turner, we've been keeping an eye on you.  you're just the sort of fearless, emotionless kind of kid we need at the agency.  to do what.  to catch the most scary, ..  dr. vulcan.  sounds challenging.  oh, here's how good he is.  he's already figured out we've contacted you, snatched your best friend and the girl who's dating him for revenge, and taken them to his lair inside this partially extinct volcano.  so. wow, the bathroom did not lie.  let's roll.  vulcan's island, ..  he's not scared.  he's weird. he's weird.  man, voiceover: then swim to the island, walk slowly onto the beach, and stare at the volcano.   man, voiceover: pull out a grappling hook, twirl it, and throw it offscreen.  after that, you climb the north side of the volcano.  then you unicycle across a tightrope through some giant scissors and pedal to the other side.  excellent.  now, just one last thing: dive into the lagoon, through some more giant scissors, and turn off the hidden underwater power switch.  just think of it like a dive at your local poolexcept much higher, with jagged rocks, alligators, piranhas, a whirlpool, a tornado, and one really angry tourist.  the service here stinks.  no problem.  hi, timmy.  here's your emotions back.  cosmo, no.  wait.  i aah. i'm scared to dive.  i feel guilty that i got my friend and the girl who's dating him for revenge in trouble, and i'm super mad at somebody for not waiting to give me back my emotions.  yay. it worked.  i'm so emotional.  i can't do this.   do i need to remind you he's got your best friend and his girlfriend.  aah. i knew it.  i knew having a girlfriend would be nothing but trouble.  come on, timmy.  you can do it.  having courage means you're willing to jump to the rescue despite the fact you're afraid.  why don't you do it.  are you nuts.  those piranhas will kill us.  good luck, though.  i gotta do this.  aah.  timmy.  wait, why didn't he just wish chester and trixie free.  oops.  i forgot to return his common sense.  whatever you do, don't jump.  oh, timmy, i'm proud of you.  you learned that it's better to live with your emotions than without them.  as opposed to those piranhas.  them it's better to live without.  ..   look, a souvenir.  so i guess you're not still mad that i brought your emotions back too soon.  of course not.  timmy. help.  are you nuts.  that piranha will kill me.  good luck, though.  3 f1p. :ck..p.ch 9 hearp9star0 2dorspyovpys,0 2 b:ws.  hour g0es @ pz(](] 0callw @ ph :ch 9.hyeal.hc0hzgo1reakfa.  t om nom nomm male narrator: an alien armada has arrived and invaded our planet. )