    timmy is my son.   he isn't.     aw, timmy's playing with his dads and having the time of his life.   cosmo, he's really in trouble.  we need to save him.   my rocket boots are still faulty, and your friends are gorgeous, timmy.  hey, where's timmy.     stand down, gorgeous strangers.  let go of my son.   wow.  thanks, one of my dads.  i mean, thanks, real dad.  you saved me.   don't mention it, son.  that's what dads are for.  now to get that handsome army off my lawn.   wow.  i can't believe my dad saved me.  he was actually there for me when i needed him.   uh, sport, i think it's time you returned the favor.    no clinging, wellcoiffed strangers.   oh, i know how to put a stop to this, timmy.  whawe need is just a few hundred more dads.   no, cosmo.  we need to get rid of the extra dads we've got before they take over the planet.   take over the planet.  wanda, that's a great idea.  wands up.  welcome to planet of the dads.   ooh, look, both: it's timmy. we love timmy.   please come back to us, timmy.    oh, they miss you, sport.   i know how to fix that.  timmy dolls for everyone.    that wasn't me.   i didn't do it.   you can't prove anything.   yay. we love our timmy dolls.   my fish ate my homework.  i hope this monkey can fly a plane.  what could possibly go wrong.   oh, now everyone's happy.   including me.  i don't care if my dad sometimes gets too busy for me.  one dad who loves me is enough.  now l's go me so i can spend some quality time with him.   ahh.   thanks for taking the day off to hang out with me, dad.   you bet, bono.   hmm.  one timmy, one smiling green baseball mitt, one baseball with giant baby eyes, and one dad.  maybe i'm not crazy after all.  let's go, honey.   i have monkeys in my underwear.   and that's why i love you.   moo.   it's the end, timmy.  . .  squirrelly scout credo, ten hut.  i am a little squirrelly scout, the squirrelly of thy speak.  i flick my tail and never fail to stuff nuts in my cheeks.   hey, sport, time for the annual squirrelly scout camping trip.  both: ew.   this year is my big rite of passage: time for me to go hike up mount doomsdale and go from boyhood to older boyhood.   ooh.  we want to go to older boyhood too, especially wanda.   i don't know.  if mount doomsdale were babyfriendly, the word "doom" wouldn't be in the name.   you guys have to come.  otherwise there won't be a stable adult around.   hey, hey, squirrelly son.  i'm already in my flying squirrel uniform.  yeah.  so unstable.  curse you, sudden wind current.   crash.   maybe we should come with you.   give me a second to pack.    cosmo, you're allergic to nuts.   no, i'm not.   yes, i am.   mount doomsdale doesn't look so bad.   hey, mount doomsdale's over there.      of course it is.   okay, boys, time to hike our way to older boyhood the way that only boys can.   yeah, in a completely girlfree environment.    okay, girls, let's get out and have our hike.   timmy, don't look now, but some freak in a cupcake suit has stolen your mother's minivan.   it's me, silly: mom.  i'm in my cream puff troop leader uniform.   we're going to climb mount doomsdale.  on our way from girlhood to older girlhood.  hi, timmy.  i just got my mouthtomouth resuscitation badge.      cream puff credo.  ready, girls.  girls: i am a little cream puff, a feisty modern girl.  i'm sweet and cute and smart to boot, much tougher than a squirrel.   tougher than a squirrel.  my keen rodent ears detect a challenge.   from them.  they're just a bunch of girls dressed up like dessert.   i like their kneesocks.   sounds like you boys need to be taught a lesson.  i bet you we can make it to the top of mount doomsdale before you do.  smack.   ohhoho. i accept your bet.   a bet against the really lame girls.  there's no way we can lose.  especially with magic on our side.  smartypants, you should also know that fairy magic can't help you win competitions.   who needs magic, timmy.  i'm a boy caterpillar, i think, and i'll help you reach older boyhood.  nothing will stop us from winning that bet, except maybe this yellowbellied sapsucker.   mama.  dada.   don't cry, poof. funny faces.  funny faces.     that's better.  now, let's show them how much better squirrels are than cream puffs.  ..  they left while you were making faces at your canteen.   see you at the top, timmy.   ooh.  a trail of frosting.  fear not, lads.  we're going to win that bet.  i may have forgotten to pack food ..  all: what.   but i do have nuts in my cheeks.  all: ow. ow. ow. ow. ow.   you can count on me, scouts.  i am focused and grounded.  snap.  curse you, pleasant forest breeze.   okay, squirrelly scouts, let's conquer this mountain.  crash.    something bit my shin.  and it had beady red eyes and really sharp teeth.   that was me.  i'm really hungry.    i've got poison ivy.  this never would have happened if our uniforms had kneesocks.   at this pace, with no food or water and our increased heart rates, scientifically speaking, i'd say we have about 11 hours to live.   guys, get a grip.  if we're having problems, imagine how horribly the girls must be doing.   hello, down there, boys.  we're beating you to the top of the mountain, thanks to these cute woodland critters who've befriended us.  animals:  lalalala la la    lala la    and they sing.  they're going to serenade us all the way to victory.    see you at the top, timmy, if you survive.   barfing again.    smack.   squirrelly scouts, i see a path to the top.  take the shortcut through that dark and creepy cave.  trust me, i have rodent vision.  smack.  curse you, supple sapling.     why does nature hate us.   ah.  nature loves us.  this can't possibly get any better.  ooh, yes, it can.  gift bags.   i got an 8gigabyte mp3 player.   i got a waffle maker.   and i got a big diamond ring.  friendly woodland creatures are much more generous than husbands.   clang.    good thinthat bear left his tooth in my head.  we get attacked by a bear, and they get gift baskets and rides from deer.   dude.  we could totally eat those deer.   chester, pull yourself together.   okay, if i can't eat the deer, maybe i can just hang out with the cream puffs.  i bet they have food.   what are you gonna do, disguise yourself as a girl.  they'll never fall for that.   hooray, i got kneesocks.    guys, what took you so long.   it was kind of hard to escape with the mother bird regurgitating us into the mouths of her young.   we're here for you now, timmy.  and this time, we're not going anywhere.  whoopsh.   gulp. rib.t.     no, poof, don't cry.   ..    animals:  lalalala la la    lala la    the good news is, we found shelter from the storm.  but the bad news is, this song is much more annoying when it echoes off the walls of a cave.   thank you for braiding poison berries into my hair, mr. skunk.    mrs. turner, would you please stop mr.  deer from making a snack of my scalp.   now, now, cream puffs, we must be polite to the woodland critters.  they've helped us up the mountain this far, and they could be rabid.  is it me, or is the song getting louder.  oh, i don't think i need a massage right now, mr. moose.     that storm timmy's canteen started finally stopped.   maybe we can go at least a couple of minutes without something utterly terrifying happening.     a statue of my dad made of nuts.   we can totally eat that.   bow before the squirrel king.    dad. you're okay.   of course.  after i crashed into a cliff, these squirrels rescued me and nurtured me back to health.  now they worship me as their leader.   can we cook one on a stick.   no.  they're going to help us.  hear me, squirrels.  you must carry us up the mountain.  eh, i mean "squeak, squeak, chitter, eeky, "   dad, what did you say.   let me check my englishtosquirrel dictionary.  ooh, i accidentally told them they could sacrifice the little blond kid.  my bad.  okay, my subjects, take us to the top.  " animals:  lalalala lala la la    this song has gotten louder.   the animals are only trying to be helpful.  i mean, look what they've done to my hair.  so very helpful.  oh, thank goodness they finally stopped singing.  and just when i thought i was going to snap.    lalalala la la    lala la    lalalala la la    lala la    stop.  stop your horrible singing, you annoying freaks of nature.  you're tone deaf, and you smell.  and i hate what you did to my hair.  animals:  lalala    perhaps i went too far.  cream puffs, run for your frosted lives.     look, the friendly woodland critters are attacking the cream puffs.   yes.  we're going to win.   dad.   oh, all right.  squeak, squeak.    oh, thanks for saving us, timmy.   hey, i'm the one who gave the squirrels the rescue command, and i love your hair.   oh, i'm impressed.  technically speaking, flying squirrels can't lift more than 1 1/2 times their own weight.   splash.   the mount doomsdale resort and spa.    hey, sport, glad to see you finally enjoying nature.   you bet.  i made it to the top of the mountain and older boyhood, and i never needed mouthtomouth resuscitation.   never say never, timmy.   barfing again.    boy, that long slow passage out of the frog really worked up an appetite.  what's for dinner.   i think we are.  again.   ooh, goldfish.  i can totally eat them.   careful. watch the kneesocks.   i think this bet is officially a draw.  let's never make another silly bet like that.   agreed.  i'm just glad the woodland critters are finally gone.    bet i can get to the bottom of the mountain first.   you're on.  smack.    both: why does nature hate us.   they never got very far    walls up made sure i guarded my heart    and i promised    i wouldn't do this    til i knew it was right for me    but no one  no one    no guy that i met before    could make me  make me    feel so right and secure    and have you noticed    i lose my focus    and the world around me disappears    'cause when i'm kissing you my senses come alive    almost like the puzzle piece i've been tryna find    falls right into place you're all that it takes    my doubts fade away when i'm kissing you    when i'm kissing you    it all starts making sense    and all the questions i've been asking in my head    like are you the one    should i really trust    crystal clear it becomes when i'm kissing you    i've never felt nothing like this    you're making me open up    no point even tryna find this    'cause when i'm kissing you my senses come alive   kids.  ronald.  give me a second.  come on, sundae.   .  kids: ronald.  .  wooooahhhh.  . ba da ba ba ba .  ronald. i'm okay.  ] whoa...  today's special...  the absofruitalicioustaste of two colors in every puff.  rasporangey orange.  a fruitly symphony.  lemony green, tasty with a twist.  and berry, berry, blueee.  silly rabbit, trix are for kids.   trix swirls the...absofruitalicious...   part of a good breakfast.  @vb b b b b b b b b b @b @b @b @b @b @b @b @b @b @b  timmy is an average kid    that no one understands    mom and dad and vicky always giving him commands   bed, twerp.   the doom and gloom up in his room    is broken instantly    by his magic little fish who grant his every wish    'cause in reality    they are his oddparents    fairly oddparents   wands and wings.  floaty crowny things.   oddparents, fairly oddparents    really mod, pea pod, buff bod, hot rod   obtuse, rubber goose, green moose, guava juice, giant snake, birthday cake, large fries, chocolate shake.   oddparents, fairly oddparents    it flips your lidwhen you are the kid    with fairly oddparents   yeah, right.  cockadoodydoo.  cockadoodydoo.  if i hear another chicken sound, my head's going to explode.  cockadoodydoo.  cockadoodydoo.  what's wrong with poof.  he's got the chicken poofs.  it's a fairy childhood illness that turns you into a chicken.  luckily, it's not contagious.  achoo.  yee.  actually, it's highly contagious.  luckily, i'm immune.  i've already called dr. rip studwell.  in the meantime, this should keep you from getting sick.  studwell, thank goodness you're here.  well, when i heard poof was sick, i played a quick 18 holes of golf and rushed right over.  now let's check out our little patient.  hmm, looking good.  are you crazy.  he's got feathers and a beak.  i was talking about me.  now, wanda, why don't you cook up this chicken while i examine the patient.  that chickenispoof.  he's got the chicken poofs.  excuse me, billy.  did you go to medical school.  fortunately, i have the remedy right here.  once i give it to poof, everyone he's infected will be magically cured as well.   what. do i have spinach in my teeth.   oh, no, poof flew the coop.  we better get him before he sneezes on my mom and dad.  achoo.  morning, timmy.  we're having cereal for breakfast.  bawk. i mean eggs.  good morning, everyone.  i'm the cock of the walk.  ah. my parents have the chicken poofs.  we got to catch poof.   mwah.  ooh, you taste like chicken.  ah, nothing like a nice warm bath with my loofah sponge before a day of crushing children's dreams.  i wish i had a rubber ducky.  eh, i guess i'll have to settle for this.  achoo.  denzel, what should i pack in your lunch box today.  ooh, how about chicken nuggets.  not the nuggets today.   mommy's got you, poof.  now, just hold still while the nice doctor gives you your medicine.   what, do i have a visible nostril hair.     poof.  please tell me you have more medicine.  sadly, jerry, i don't.  the only way to get more is to go deep into the fairy world rainforest and pick a rare flower.  it'll be dangerous, and survival is unlikely.  here's a map, wanda. call me if you get back.  oh, no. you're coming with me.  cosmo, timmy, it's up to you to catch poof.  look, poof's heading into that insurance building.  oh, no. we already have insurance.  wow, brad.  don't you love "bring your chicken hawk to work" day.  i sure do, gene.  we sure are lucky to work for a company that lets you bring in your vicious chickeneating pet to the office.  achoo.  achoo.  achoo.    boy, i'd hate to be a chicken in this place.  oh, wait.  help.  in two hours, my new restaurant, doug dimmadome's chicken dippin' dippadome, will be open for business.  all i need for a perfect openin' day is my truck full of farmfresh frozen chicken.  beep.  chad ubetcha here with breaking news.  a truck full of farmfresh frozen chickens bound for doug dimmadome's chicken dippin' dippadome has just been carried away by a flock of hungry chicken hawks.  dimmadang.  now where am i gonna get 1,000 chickens.   it's my clucky day.  to the cluck truck.      uh, where are we.  i'm worried about poof.  wow, it's hot.  what time is it.  quiet.  what. did you hear something.  no, i just want you to be quiet.  there it is, the ancient temple of the clucktunia flower.  picking it won't be easy.  there'll be danger at every turn.  good luck.  wait a minute.  why am i the one who's going.  because according to legend, only women can enter the temple and survive.  well, we are smarter than men.  yes, she bought the legend thing.    this doesn't look too dangerous.     i've got the flower, and i'm out of danger.  or not.  poof, come back.  well, at least he's out of the city, where there aren't any people.  except maybe that giant stadium filled with a crowd of thousands.   cosmo, do something.  you got it, timmy.  i'll poof us up some peanuts and a big foam finger.  no, do something to stop poof before he sneezes on the crowd.  alook, that giant purple blimp looks just like poof.  that giant purple blimp is poof.   yee haw.  i hit the chicken jackpot.  the chicken dippin' dippadome is back in business.  have a coupon, son.  it's good for a free cluck shake.  oh, no.  doug dimmadome's opening )