 i don't care. grant me my groovy wish.   denzel crocker.  today you turn 11, and as the rules state, i must now take your fairies away forever.  happy birthday.   what. no.  i'll make you a deal.  how about i keep the fairies, and you take mother.  your crazy mother is the reason you needed fairies in the first place.  now you're old enough to get therapy.  your fairies are going to a new godkid.  well, i can't say it wasn't funmostly 'cause i'm not allowed to.  i signed a contract. also, it wasn't fun.  denzel, in a matter of hours, your memory of your fairies will be gone forever.  ooh, i wish i could say the same about our memories of him.  i mean, best fairy godkid ever.   both: no.  hey, dude. i wrote you a song.  it's in a pitch only dogs and dolphins can hear.   everyone's a critic.  i had a magical dog too.  and he seems so familiarwait a minute.   i left a burrito in the microwave, and also, that's turner's dog.  so jorgen thinks i'm done with fairies, eh.  little does he know of my ingenious plan to get them back.  behold, a fairytracking microchip.  does it come with a fairytracking ondip.  it's not that kind of chip, bozo.  once i plant this on you and say the trigger word, you'll instantly track down my fairies and bring them back to me.  i can't believe it. i did something smart.  because of my clever preteen plan, my ruined life may be saved after all.  okay.  the trigger word is "under" gah. the horror.  mother taped over my video with her bellydancing lessons.   . .  now, to use the trigger word on turner's dog so he'll locate my former fairies.  all i have to do is figure out what comes " i don't want to alert turner, so i'll take a supersubtle approach.  ah. underachiever.  mr. crocker. what are you doing.  undertaker. okay.   i got to do this quickly, 'cause i don't have a lot of upperbody strength.  under a tuscan sun.  mr. crocker, what's going on.  why do you ask. i don't pry into your life.  undertow. underdog. underbelly.  saying "underbelly" makes me think of mother's dancing belly.  oh, fainting.   oh.  that was weird. and rude.  why is timmy prying into mr. crocker's life.  he's up to something.  well, he was up about 16 feet in the air.  now he's stuck in a thorn bush.  darn it.  i'm stuck in this thorn bush, and i'm not wearing any underpants.   underpants, underpants, underpants.  must get denzel crocker's fairies.  where are you going with my fairies.  timmy, can you explain to me why they call these "underpants" when you clearly wear them on the outside.  you know, the word "underpants" reminds me of my favorite song as a kid,the underpants dance.  . the underpants dance, come on and take a chance .  . whether your name is billy or lance .  . you can do the underpants dance .  . underpants, underpants, underpants, underpants .  what's happening to sparky.  he seems to go into a trance every time he hears the "u" word.  " crocker obviously knows something about sparky that we don't.  we could always check out my old home videos to see if we can find out what happened.  i like to keep records of all my former owners .. and alibis.   zoinks, sparky.  i got a rock.  that's 'cause you're a victim, man.  people pick up on that.  okay, i know cosmo and wanda crocker's fairies, but sparky was his dog too.  why didn't you guys say anything.  we didn't remember, sport.  fairies are notorious for having bad memories.  why do you think i call you "sport" all the time.  i can't remember your name.  fairies' brains are filled with mostly helium.  it's how we float.  my voice is like this 'cause i got a slow leak.  okay, you'll bring my fairies back to me whenever you hear the trigger word, " must get denzel crocker's fairies.  oh, no. mr. crocker brainwashed sparky.  my fairies. good boy.  now, give me my magic set, brenda and lazlo.  oh, happy day.  nice try, denzel.  not only am i taking your fairies away again, but you can say hasta la vista to your hippie dog and magic set too.  denzel, i'm going to do the dance of the seven veils.  you're gonna need a lot more veils to cover that belly.  oh, fainting.  whoa.  despite everything evil crocker's ever done to me, i kind of feel bad for him.  i'd never want to lose you guys.  guys.  i hate you, mr. crocker.  undercarriage.   i brought you the fairies. treat, please.  what. my plan worked.  i don't even know which "under" word did the trick.  but who cares. lazlo and brenda have returned.  boy, i missed you guys.  we had some good times together.  well, reunion's over.  i'm gonna drain your magic with these scarylooking electrodes.  let's get this party started.  a party. we should do the underpants dance.  . the underpants dance, it's a jaunty little prance .  . you can do it in england or france .  . everybody do the underpants dance .  just the ladies.  psst. sparky.  now hit the switch, dog.  sparky, no. underpants.  you have to save cosmo and wanda.  not a chance, turner.  now that i know the trigger word, i can control the dog.  underpants.  two can play at this game. underpants.  i'm gonna need to put a muzzle on you.  underpants.  underpants.  underpants. underpants.  underpants.   gah. the love handles.   both: timmy.  underpants.  timmy, what's going on.  what am i doing in the crocker cave.  and why do i feel like i've been under the tuscan sun for too long.  just untie cosmo and wanda.  crocker wakes up.  you got it, uh, sport. timmy.  i should write that down.  ah. the humanity. oh, faint.   ay.  you were there and tommy.  timmy.  you should write that down, brenda.  crocker from activating sparky again, we have to take out his microchip.  i think i got it.  no, that's a potato chip.  mm, poker chip.  basket of fish and chips.  i got it. the microchip.  i wish this thing was gone forever.  it's great to have the three of you back, but i can't help but feel a little bad for mr. crocker.  how about we poof him up the magic set he always wanted.  the magic set i've always wanted.  first thing i'm going to do is saw mother in half.  then i'm going to do a trick from the magic set.  oh, who am i kidding.  my obsession with fairies has once again ruined my life.  hello, denzel.  i'm still single 'cause i've been waiting for you.  also genetic condition that prevents me from aging.  what do i have to do to get you back.  just give up your silly obsession with fairies, and i'm all yours.  get lost, poseur.   it's dark down here.  as long as lazlo, brenda, and the unnamed dog are out there, i'll never quit.  but first, i'm gonna play with my magic hat.   gah. why.  all: underpants.     gogurt. whatever it takes to get it all.  timmy, why are we at the loony bin.  this isn't the looney bin, sparky.  it's the retirement home for actors who played superheroes on tv.  ..  justice, justice.  anyway, we're here to celebrate the birthday of the greatest tv superhero of all timecatman.   and i'm here to meet all my favorite tv supupheroes.  they're the people who made it cool to wear underwear over your pants.  you sure it's safe for you guys to be in fairy form here.  never mind. you're good. ooh.  i got to get his autograph.  yeah, he never had a show.  he's just a mad man who dresses up like a butterfly.   we'll go get butterfly boy's autograph and see you at home.  now to find catman's room.  nurse, the litter box in my hero lair needs changing.  found him.  happy birthday, catman.  hi, timmy.  i was just sharpening my claws of justice.  i never know when i'm gonna have to defend ..  or open a can of tuna.  right. well, i brought you a birthday gift.  yay. thank you, citizen.  holy office supplies.  it's my archnemesis, household tape.  meow.  ..tape...now.    my tail.  hey, timmy, i scored a free lunch in the cafeteria.  they're serving salisbury steak and teeth in a glass.  stand back, timmy. you're in terrible danger.  uh, no, it's okay. that's just my dog sparky.  you've been brainwashed, timmy.  that fiend is my o oer archnemesis, dogman.  he's used you to locate my lair so he can destroy me.  he's probably been working with household tape this entire time.  i think someone needs to up his medicine of justice.  catman, dogman isn't real.  he's a villain from thecatmantv series.  and i swore with every fiber of my sandpapery tongue that one day, i'd throw him behind bars.  prepare to be bowwowed by my crimefighting skills, you canine criminal.  oh, no, the tape is back.  they are working together.  stumble. fall. oh, ah.  i'm safe in here.  butterfly boy's got to be here somewhere.  take that, evildoers.  oh, no. butterfly boy's captured us.  yay.  no, wait. boo.  no one can escape my net of righteousness.  also, no one can escape looking at pictures of my grandkids.  and i just got the twins' bar mitzvah photos.  both: no.  you know, i love me some catman, but thank goodness dont have to see him for another year.  there's the dog fiend now.  i'll lure him out with my squirrel puppet, nuts, then zap him with my trusty cataprod.  meow.  now to perform some hyperrealistic rodent noises with my superhero vocal cords.  squirrel noise, chewing nuts, squeak, squeak.  i'd love to chase you, but you're attached to a wacko's wrist.  someone's taught that old dog some new tricks.  i won't give up till i've captured him and timmy's safe.  gee, it's a long way down.   thank you, handsome fireman.  i'm gonna need you to go back up that tree for mr. nuts.  plan "b"i'll lure him away from timmy with the one thing dogs can't resist, extrachunky organic peanut butter.  ooh, peanut butter.  this better be extrachunky and organic.   now i'm going to take you to the cat cave for questioning, once that handsome fireman gets here.  ..  crazy weather we're having, huh.  talk, dogman. it's meow or never.  can i take your orders.  i thought you were taking me to the cat cave.  you're in the cat cave.  it's a swanky jazz club on the pier.  this place is the cat's meow.  i met my third wife here.  you know what they saycats have nine wives.  yeah, i don't think they say that, dude.  we'll take two club sodas and, uh, let's seedo you want to split some calamari.  sure, weirdo.  now, tell mewhere have you hidden your fiendish secret weapon, the pit bulldozer.  i don't know where the pit bulldozer is, turner's pot roast in their yard.  trust me, i was doing timmy a favor.  sparky, mom's looking for her pot roast.  sparky.  this is turner. speak your business.  timmy, it's catman. oh, boy.  i've captured dogman, and you're safe from danger.  also, this calamari is topnotch.  wait. what.  they use an incredible blend of exotic spices.  no, the other thing.  i'm taking dogman to the home of justice and putting him down.  catman, i told you, that's not dogman.  that's my dog sparky.   i can't hear you, timmy.  the jazz band's warming up. catman out.  oh, no. catman's taken this way too far.  cosmo, wanda, help.  guys.  can you believe it.  i paid for the entire bar mitzvah, and all i got was this stupid tshirt.  "i got rocked like a hurricane " i'd rather be in a hurricane than looking at these pictures.  ..  that's the last one.   you think those photos were good, i've got some great ones from their baby naming.  here's the shirt.  "i cut a rug and a little something else " looks like i got to save my dog without magic, and the only way to do that is to prove to catman that sparky's not the real dogman.   who goes there.  hi, mr. dogman.  i was down the hall visiting catman, and now he's convinced that my dog is you.  what. catman's here.  i've spent the last 50 years looking for him, and he's been right down the hall.  now i can finally destroy him using my pit bulldozer.  okay, that's not the part of the story that i need you to focus on.  besides, the pit bulldozer's just a prop from thecatmanshow.  i bark to differ.  the pit bulldozer is real and sitting in the parking lot.   bark, bark, bark, bark.  sparky was right. this is the loony bin.  ugh. stupid doggie door.  now to annihilate catman.  where's my henchman, the seeing eye dog, when i need him.  aah.  okay, who's ready for slides of my trip to boca.  being bored to death.  seriously, who takes 400 pictures of their grandkids' first haircut.  we got to rescue sparky before catman puts him down.  no, annihilate him.  he's in terrible danger.  but how are we ever gonna get away from butterfly boy.  i don't knowwe could just walk fast.  come baoh, tired.    sparky, you're okay.  timmy, explain to me how sparky's in danger.  i was in danger, but no senior citizen can stay awake past 5:00.  guys, poof us out of here.  not so fast, dogman.  he's not dogman.  come on, timmy, i know dogman when i see him, ..  except that.  holy catnip.  it's the real dogman on the pit bulldozer.  i guess that floating thug really is your dog, timmy.  prepare to meet your breeder, catman.  timmy, stand back while i claw out some justice.  oh, no, timmy.  he's about to be as canceled as his series.  i got to help him.  i wish catman had all the powers he had on his tv show.  you're hisstory, dogman.  ha ha ha ha.  aah.  bark, bark, bark, bark, bark, bark, bark, bark.  and now to use my sonic purr to put you back in your crate.  purr.  bark.   barkybark. ruff, ruff.  and once again, good triumphs over evil.  you're gonna be in that crate for a long time, dogman.  no problem. there's a soup bone in here.   sorry i mistook you for dogman, sparky.  well, that's okay, dude. you're just dumb.  gee, thanks for understanding.  you want to get the calamari.  no, let's get the tuna tots.  by the way, you never paid your bill last time.  that'll be $132.50.  can you get this, timmy.  i left my wallet with mr. nuts.  squirrel noise.  shouting) sfx   sfx  sfx  sfx  sfx  unleashing the power of good has never been easier with a heroicskylanders trap team toy and the goodness ofgogurt strawberry yogurt in your mcdonald's happy meal.    timmy is an average kid    that no one understands    mom and dad and vicky always giving him commands   bed, twerp.   the doom and gloom up in his room    is broken instantly    by his magic little fish who grant his every wish    'cause in reality    they are his oddparents    fairly oddparents   wands and wings.  floaty crowny things.   oddparents, fairly oddparents    really mod, pea pod, buff bod, hot rod   obtuse, rubber goose, green moose, guava juice, giant snake, birthday cake, large fries, chocolate shake.   oddparents, fairly oddparents    it flips your lidwhen you are the kid    with fairly oddparents   yeah, right.  no, i'm not a giant bug.  i'm chet ubugya in my flyshaped 3d glasses for tonight's big tv premiere of i was a teenage blowfly.   it's the scariest movie ever made about a boy turned into a fly, and all of dimmsdale will be watching.  you don't want to miss it.  oh, i'm not gonna miss it.  no one's more excited than me.  i have my blowfly action figure, my blowfly 3d glasses, and my blowflyflavored popcorn.   mmm, that's good blowfly.  i'm gonna love this movie.  oh, no, you won't.  that movie is rated is fttftt: " the blowfly movie is really scary, timmy.  it will scar you for life.  and that's our job.  so we'll just take your tv so you're not tempted to watch.  crash.  you know what responsible parents we are.  and now we can watch on two tvs.  okay, fine, no problem.  this is why i have fairy godparents.  thanks, wanda.  uh, that tv isn't for you.  it's for us.  we're going to watch the movie in the fishbowl.  so we need you to babysit poof.  we can't let him see it.  it'll scar him for life.  yeah, and that's our job.  so what am i supposed to do.  you can change poof's diaper.  that's even scarier than the movie.   )