 howdy hey. it's teeth tv.  i'm brad cuspidor with teen singing sensation chip skylark, who's singing the national anthem at bankee stadium.  ooh, don't blow it.  with a voice like this, how can i.   la   his voice is so pure and amazing, it fixed what timmy broke.  you're right.  his voice is incredible, and if i had it, i'd get to be the musical, macho, multitalented young male holding his own next to trixie tang.  i wish i had chip skylark's voice.   la    thanks, wanda.  cool. it worked.   la la la la   where is he. where is he.  we thought we heard chip skylark in here.  both: oh, it's only you.  why couldn't i have given birth to chip skylark.  perfect. come on.  i've got a musical to audition for.  word, chip.  good look at bankee stadium.   thanks, brad.  what the heck.  whaaat.  mr. bickles: this is terrible.  we've auditioned everyone in the entire school.  there's no one left.  my dream, ruined.  ryan, forgive me.   i'm the star. my future is ruined.   not on my watch.   la   bickles, i, timmy turner, want to be your singin,' dancin,' loose cannon cop.  i think we've found our star.  thanks, mr. bickles.  he said my name, with a dreamy voice.   aah.  both:  badge of love   perfect.  isn't it everything i said it would be.  and more, yo.  i can't wait to broadcast this live, to introduce everyone to the new chip skylark.  the new chip skylark.  what happened to the old chip skylark.  good question, yo.  and for all good questions, we turn to tv for the answer.  it was chaos today at bankee stadium when chip skylark blew it.    and the home of the brave    you stink. get off the field.  anchorman: unfortunately for chip, it was bat day, heavy, wet sponge week, and the year of the brick.  chip skylark has lost his voice, and the voice he found stinks.  oh, no.  cosmo, wanda, i didn't want chip to havemyhorrible voice.  i just wanted to have hisvoice to get the part in the play and not overshadow trixie.  well, we had to put your horrible voice somewhere.  and chip's throat was the only one open at the time.  i can't let chip skylark's career tank so that i can sing in a musical, even if it is with trixie tang.  i wish i had my voice back.  oh, great. now what.  it says here that all vocal wishes must be made in the voice of the child that the godparents are assigned to.  right. what do we do now.  all: television.  everybody split up.  that's a great idea.  if one of you goes with chip, and he uses my voice to say, "i wish i had my voice back," then you'd have to grant the wish.  aah.  dibs on the dreamy teen singing sensation with the horrible voice.  oh. nobody wants me now that my voice stinks.  i wish somebody would call and offer me a job.  "  you need a food delivery boy with a lousy voice.  that's me.  oh, man.  if i go out there and sing, teeth tv will make me the new chip skylark, and chip skylark will be stuck being the old timmy turner.  poorly sung pizza delivery for timmy turner.  ..   chip skylark.   la   wow. great voice.  reminds me of me, before i stunk.  heh. weird, huh.  hey, are you going to stay for the show.  i wish i could.   hello. what. i'm fired. awesome.  now i can stay.  well, timmy, now that's he's here, what are you going to do.  ask television.  i'd like to solvethat puzzle.  is itgetchip skylark to say  it's that old song get chip skylark to say "i wish i had tommy " oh, that's right.  hey, i hear this turner kid is terrific.  yeah, he's the new chip skylark.  heh. hey, aren't you chip skylark.  i was.  so was i, in this dream i had last night.  oh, but i had a much better voice than you, and peanut butter.  there was peanut butter everywhere.  aah.   aah.   oh, ryan. i thought we were doomed.  not on my watch.  and according to my watch, it's time for the dimmsdale pledge of allegiance.  he's supposed to be singing.  why aren't you singing.  we can't do a live tv broadcast without reciting the dimmsdale pledge of allegiance.  he's right, you know.  ..  all:..  ..  all:..  i wish i had timmy turner's voice.  i wish i had timmy turner's voice.   that'sa my cue.   la    my voice. it's back.   my voice. it stinks.  my dream. it's ruined.  my dream. it's coming true.  want to help out up here.  you bet, but i'll need some peanut butter.  gosh, timmy.  as much as i'd hate to instantly get my career back in front of millions of people, hit it.    when no one will listen    to what you want to say    you're too small, too young   you haven't begun    to learn the games that they play    don't sit around just wishing    for it to be a better day    speak up, be heard, if you don't say a word    everything will stay the same way    if you want to change the way your life's arranged    then you have that choice    to be the star that you know you are    be loud, be proud    and rejoice    and find your voice    just find your voice    you know you got that choice    now go find your voice    you see a girl    that you know you want to meet    come on, stop messing around    get up off your seat    she might see inside of you    the boy you never knew    he was in there all the time    now just let him through    if you want to change the way your life's arranged    then you have that choice    then you have that choice    to be the star that you know are    be loud, be proud    and rejoice    dude, find your voice    find your voice    just find your voice    you know you got that choice   got that choice    now go find your voice   find your voice    you have that choice    be a star      find your voice   find your voice    just find your voice   anybody seen    got that choice   got that choice    now find your voice    come on and find your voice    find your voice    just find your voice    dodododada    got that choice    gotta find your voice now    find your voice    any chance you can forgive me for having chip upstage you.  not on my watch.   you saw it here, folks.  the rise, then fall, then pizza delivery, then rise again of chip skylark.  well, i lost the part, lost the girl, and lost my voice.  what else is there left to lose.  there's only one way to find out.  hoo hoo. word up, bradley.  i'd like to give some mad props to my son timmy.  this is for you, son.    finding your voice   boy, he sings worse than me.  and that's his slogan.  that.  pwnew gogurt tube.hivpy so now youye a nia.  @qye @qyou're not a7wja.  .eun0:6usq).  @qi:xyrrrp @ hop @@qimprp9ve.  @hnew gogurtnja turtles tubeilrx9 you n mailn twoproofs of purchazo get onhw @ b :..  charms.  p8hear, stars, and hors pys,0nd blue moons.  hour glasses, rainbows, tasty reball  they're 0lly...  prlicous. b lucky charms.pyeaw pt of apzgood breakfa@ dad: honey, are you sure you don't need me to come to the ski resort.  oh, absolutely not.  .. uh, denise insisted i come by myself to the dimmsdale ski lodge and resort for the entire weekend to take care of her.  well, ok, but if i catch just one whiff of trouble, i'm coming.  everything will be just fine.  he bought it.  which means we're free to enjoy our "just moms" weekend.  all: hooray for our sick aunts.     well, i suppose she won't get into any trouble.  voice on tv: hey, snowboarders and ski buffs.  there's an abominable snowman loose at the mount dimmsdale ski resort.   trouble. to the ski resort.  and we're going to the ski resort to see mom why.  didn't you hear the tv.  there's an abominable snowman loose on mount dimmsdale.  but mom said not to come.  timmy, women are complex and mysterious creatures.  you can't take what they say at face value.  everybody knows when a woman says one thing, they probably mean something else.  he's right, timmy.  like when wanda tells me i'm an idiot, " you're a moron.  me, too, with all my heart.  and vicky is here because.  because i said i didn't want to go, i didn't want to meet any hot ski hunks, and i didn't want to get paid.  so, because she's a girl and means the opposite of what she says, i brought her and paid her double to babysit.  good thing i speak woman.  we're going to protect your mother this weekend whether she wants it or not.  i'm off to make the resort safe.  what do you kids want to do.  well, i know i don't want to go snowboarding all day.  then here's money for snowboarding.  i'll see you later.  have a snowtastic day.    abominable footprints.  uhh.   time to catch some flakes, twerp.  hey, i just realized.  you don't have a snowboard.  uhh. now i do.  aaah.  ooh, the footprints go in here.  i'm on to you, snowman.   my wife is laughing.  she must be in danger.  aha.   hey.  ..  ii can explain.  no need.  clearly you're so worried about your aunt, you've filled this tub with your hot, soothing tears.  sure, let's go with that.  well, i'm not going to let some abominable snowman interfere with your visit with your sick aunt.  by the way, where is she.  she's, uh, hiding.  hiding from the abominable snowman, who i heard is on the 24th floor.   whatever you do, do not leave this hot tub.  whew.   ..protect...wife ..  abominable snowman.  22, 23, 24.  oh, my heavens.  he ate the whole 24th floor.   no.  i can't believe this.  you are the absolute worst human being on earth.  thank you.  now, start shredding.  ..  ..  shredding.   ..i'm alive.  i'm alive.  i may be stuck in a cave, but that's not a problem ..sicles.  oh, no. they're frozen.  stop worrying about your stupid fish.  we'll be frozen, too, if somebody doesn't come to rescue us.   this is all your fffault.  how is it my fault.  you're the one that caused the avalanche.  you're the one that causes everything bad that happens to me.  well, i wow, it's so cold, the heat of my fury has cooled.  you've been mean to me for years, and you're finally getting what you deserve.  the only good thing about all of this is that if i go down, at least you're going down with me.    i'm sooo sorry.  hey, i really wish you were unfrozen enough to see this.  i don't mean to be mean all the time.  i just am.  and now i'm going to perish, cold and alooone.  oh, man. i can't believe i'm saying this.  we have to stay warm if we're going to stay alive, and maybe we could share our body heat byhugging.  you're so forgiving, for a twerp.  dad: and he's not on the roof.  not outside.  good heavens.  yeti droppings.  he must be close.  yaaah.  vicky: and then, when i was 8, my mom said my turtle ran away, but he didn't run away.  turtles can't run.  ..  you hear something.  just the sound of my own sadness.   ..  both: the abominable snowman.  uhh.  run.  what. pizzas.  ..  both: aah.  get behind me.  why. we hugged.  i'll hold him off with my wads of frozen cash.  hey, a hole.  timmy, since we're both bound to be eaten by this horrible monster, i just want to say ican't believe you deserted me.  sun. light. warmth.  come on, melt.  melt.  we're unfrozen.  unfrozen. are we in the future.  no time to explain. quick. come on.  we've got to save vicky.  save vicky.  timmy would never say that.  what year is this, and what kind of twisted future are we in.  get back.  get back.   hey, snowman.  time to get frosty.  twerp. i mean, timmy.  you came back for me.  of course i did. we hugged.  ..shred with me if you want to live.  i'm shredding like i've never shredded before.  almost like magic.  where'd you get these snowboards.  internet.  ..  aah.  he's right behind us.  both: aah.  avalanche, smavalanche.  i ordered pizza an hour ago.  where is it.  timmy. vicky.  an abominable snowman.  no, it's theabdominalsnowman.  abdominals pizza delivery, kept hot and fresh against my rockhard abs.  i should have told you i wasn't a monster, but i'd have exposed the pizza to the cold.  get away from my wife, you wellabbed animal.  hey, you're not abominable.  duh. haven't you seen my ad.   voice on tv: there is an abominable snowman loose on mount dimmsdale, and he's got hot, fresh pizzas and a washboard stomach.  uh, i can explain.  no need.  clearly being surrounded by your friends and this steaming hot pizza is proof that your sick aunt, whom i've still never met, is cured and you're celebrating.  all: sure. let's go with that.  come, let us take our booties and shake them.   man, what a day.  you outshredded the abominable snowman, sort of, and you became friends with vicky.  uhh.  hey, what gives.  i thought we were friends now.  you didn't save me from a monster.  you saved me from a hot guy.  and i will never forgive you for that.  ..  for that.  abominable snowman.  it's mevicky.  which means it's not you, vicky.  aah.  well, everything's back to the way it was in the present.  vicky hates timmy, mom loves dadand you're still the most oblivious idiot on the face of the earth.  ok, but there's a child present.   aw, i love you.  what. what's the matter with you.  i thought you loved me.  what horrible future is this.   abominable snowman: shaaa.  cloudy.   stall them.   stop stalling.  cascade platinum fights cloudy residue 3x betterthan the competing gel and helps keep your dishwashersparkling.  cascade platinum.  to keep me from going cuckoo for cocoa puffs, ..  .  cocoa puffs turns everything chocolatey.  don't go cuckoo.  @@@@@@@@@ ..cocoa puffs, they'@@@@@@@@@   i0give up. i'm cuckoo0for0cocoa puffs.@@@@@pppxpp ppppp@@@@@@@@@@ @@@@@@@@ cocoa puffs turns everything chocolatey,@ @@@@@@@@@@@@@ there's no escaping chocolatey cocoa @@p @@@@p @@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@ .  da da  happy meals always have something to smile about.  like the goodness of milk, to keep you rolling.  you can capture the fun, when you choose the goodness of new gogurt strawberry yogurt, and a barbie life in the dreamhouse toy.  in your mcdonald's happy meal.  ed by:mtv networks are ya ready, kids. kids: aye, aye, captain.  i can'thearyou.  kids:  aye, aye, captain.  ..    who lives in a pineapple under the sea.    kids:  spongebob squarepants   captain:  absorbent and yellow and porous is he   kids:  spongebob squarepants   captain:  if nautical nonsense be somethin' you wish   kids:  spongebob squarepants   captain:  then drop on the deck and flop like a fish   kids:  spongebob squarepants   captain:   all:  spongebob squarepants    spongebob squarepants    spongebob squarepants   captain:  spongebob squarepants     .. seagulls squawking] ..] ..  nothing quite like a relaxing stroll deepin jellyfish fields.    i'd know that sound anywhere.  it's a terrifying shriek.  but where's it coming from.   patrick, what is with all this shrieking.  you know i walk here on tuesdays.  sorry, spongebob, that wasn't me.  patrick, i know i heard a terrifying shriek.  so did i, spongebob but i was just mimicking it.  ..] ..   wait a minute.  if the shriek wasn't coming from you ..   it's over there behind that kelp shrub.   the terrifying shriek must have come from this clam.    hey, patrick, i think there's something wrong ..    oh, what are we gonna do.  well, the last time i remembered coughing like that i was sitting at home eating a box of kelp jerky.  oh, and you were coughing because you got some stuck in your throat.  i got the tv remote stuck in my throat.  patrick, this clam is choking.  luckily, i come prepared.  there, there, clammy.  spongebob, what are you doing.  they like this. no.  you always give a choking victim the "slimelich" maneuver first.  and if that doesn't work you walk away and pretend like you never saw them before.  like this.  ready clam.   patrick: ohh.  well, spongebob, i think i might go catch a movie. )