 leadly, but sparky's not for sale.  he's my dog, and i love him.  couldn't you learn to love $17 million.  no, dad. you can't sell sparky.  ed leadly, but, if that dog makes my son timmy happy, then i can't sell him to you.  even though my son doesn't seem to be too concerned with me being happy.   well, you cry like a woman bowler.  you're gonna regret this, turner.  i always get what i want, and, if i don't get that dog, i'm gonna make your life miserable.   curse you, legitimatelyacquired pencils.   good morning, mr. ed leadly.  i hope you're okay with the whole "not getting my dog" thing.  i'm fine, turner.  on a completely unrelated note, i'm furious, and i've got a super dangerous and hopefully painful job for you.  ed leadly, but i'm already married.  i'm not gonna marry you.  i'm putting you in the pencil testing room where you'll be testing the durability of pencils and regretting not giving me your dog.   heyhey.   can i have the dog now. no.  but i have to say these pencils are amazing.  i see i'm going to have to turn up the heat.  which is ironic, because i'm sending you to the pencil freezing room.   hello, kitty.  pick the other meat. pick the other meat.    ready to give up the dog, turner.  no, mr. ed leadly.  you can take my dignitywell, the snow leopard did that.  and you can take my spleenwell, the snow leopard also did that.  but you can't take my son's dog.  00 a.m.  in the pencifuge.  ooh, did you built that to test pencils that are going into space.  you know, space pencils, or "spencils," if you will.  no, i built it to abuse employees.  who sends pencils into space.  you're an idiot, turner.   dad, did you know there's a snow leopard outside.  yeah, i rode him home because i had no feeling in my legs.  leadly do this because you wouldn't give up sparky.  well, yes, timmy, but it was worth it to keep your dog.  there was lightning and bulls, and tomorrow i become a space pencil.  or a "spencil," if you will.  i feel terrible for my dad.  his boss is torturing him for not giving up sparky.  oh, if only there was a way for you and leadly to both have sparky.  we'll just pretend to give you leadly, and you could just poof home when he's not around.  ooh, what a coincidence, timmy.  whenever you're not around, i poof over to mr. leadly's house.  hey, leadly, stop hogging the jets.   the hot tub ghost is back.  leadly is a great idea.  you'll love his place.  but bring your own swimsuit.  leadly does not like it when you use his hot tub in the buff.   oh, timmy, i'm so nervous about going to work that i've run out of nails to bite.  i started gnawing on these pencils i did not steal.  dad, it's okay, 'causecome on, turner.  i want to take you for a big, greasy breakfast before i put you in the pencifuge.  that won't be necessary, mr. leadly.  i've decided to give you my dog so you'll stop being mean to my dad.  oh, timmy, i can't allow you to do that.   quick, take the dog before the boy changes his mind.  so you're gonna let me take your son's dog, huh.  wow. you're spineless.  and not just because i dropped a piano on you.  there's no winning with you.  thank you, timmy. you're a good son.  i'm saying some offcolor things to mr. ed leadly.  well, it's getting late.  mr. leadly should be going to bed soon.  sparky should be back any minute.  leadly's going to bed, i'm hitting the hot tub wearing only a smile.  that was a nice thing you two did for your dad.  it was no big deal, wanda.  besides, what could possibly go wrong.  leadly's lawn.  i drove his sports car into a tree.  it's okay. he blamed the hot tub ghost.  anyway, because of what you two did, your dad's gonna sleep peacefully tonight.   you let me take your son's dog.  you're spineless. you're spineless.  you're spineless. oh, great.  she's doing impersonations in her sleep again.   i can't stop thinking about giving up timmy's dog.  well, i'm sure it'll pass.  oh, no, it's passing right by the door.  ooh, i smell general mao's orange chicken.  that's sparky's favorite midnight snack.  what kind of voodoo is this.  my guilty mind is playing tricks on me.  yes. you're seeing things.  i'm just gonna pack up this chicken to go.  i mean, i'm not here.  you've gone crazy.  ed leadly take timmy's dog.  i've got to get him back.  right after i eat this orange chicken from my guilty subconscious.   get your own orange chicken, snow leopard.  ed leadly and get timmy's dog back.   mr. ed leadly.  it's timmy's dad.  i'm here for sparky.  timmy's dog.  fine. step inside, turner.  that way, i can attack you legally.   so you think you're taking the dog back, do you.  you'll never get through my lethal yet offbeat security system.   nice try, but, thanks to your abuse at work, i was ready for that.  also now i'm immune to lightning and can harness its power.    you might as well eat that, mr. ed leadly.  i had general mao's orange chicken, and i'm not hungry anymore.  and now i'm gonna use my freak lightning powers to take back my son's dog.   give him to me, mr. ed leadly, or i'll turn you into a pot roast.  i'd give you back the dog, turner, but i don't know where he is.     timmy, we've got a problem.  my big toe is stuck in one of the hot tub jets, and it's making a horrible farting sound.  also your dad is blasting lightning bolts ed leadly so he'll give sparky back.  ed leadly's house.  i'm sorry i have to turn you into a pot roast, ed leadly, but you made me into the monster that i am.  stop, turner.  you can have the dog.  you're the first person that's ever stood up to me, turner.  looks like you're not spineless after all.  yay, me.  can i still have my job at pencil nexus.  i'm afraid to fire you, you terrifying freak of nature.  you shoot lighting bolts from your fingers.  hooray. come on, sparky.  let's get you home to timmy.  i love you too, sparky.  no, you just had some orange chicken on your cheek.  ooh, did you just talk.  no. okay.  ah, sparky, it's good to have you home and everything back to normal.  oh, dear. i undercooked dinner.  now i overcooked it.  quick, everyone. to the cake and bacon.    snowflake, away.  spencils.  @q.4t.  @hrw cp)t 0:8r. tllerpw ) ow youye tnj @ )@q  not a7inx0@ @we(]@i:rrxyrp @ you can mail in @p p9wpuxqhazo   pw .  ..  .   happy meals always havesomething to smile about.  like the goodness of milk tokeep you rolling.   now in your mcdonald's happy meal you can go like a pro...  with two madden nfl 15 toys and the goodness of the apple slices and milk.  ba da ba ba ba @qrtr p.@j  6y rw  pwpzfr0tp<@lpvpww @w ..aerx<hure.wpw pywasp<'e...  pwpywap:mple.pw pyw.bpyx<ctren..@pw phthp9 (] . .  whoohoo.  what's all the excitement, timmy.  has the dog uprising finally begun.  tomorrow we will walk humans, and they will sniff our butts.  what are you talking about, sparky.  i'm excited because i found out i'm almost famous.  ohhh.  well, i was only kidding about the dog uprising.  this is alpha dog to red leader.  abort mutt uprising. i repeat, abort, abort.  guys, i found out in history class that my greatgreatgrandparents were involved in the founding of dimmsdale.  that's the big deal.  ooh, what a snoozefest.  can we go back to the dog uprising.  anyway, i have to write a report on my ancestors.  this is my greatgreatgrandfather ebenezer turner.  although i don't really see a family resemblance.  oh, timmy.  look, what i found in the atticmy old flab blaster.  dad, why are you dressed like an oldtimey manwoman.  i can't blast my flab in gym clothes.  i'm too flabby to fit into them.  so is it true that my greatgreatgrandparents helped found the town.  that's right, timmy.  we put the dim in dimmsdale.  so what did my greatgreatgrandfather do for a living.  ooh, he was the town crier.  wow, so he went around town crying out the daily news.  no, he literally wandered the streets bawling his eyes out.  probably because he was dressed as a manwoman.  anyway, i gotta go.  my head is burning up in this wig.  well, that is a lot of hair.  no, there's a nest of fire ants in here.  gah. not in the mouth.  well, it's time to start my report.  i'm so excited.  "dimmsdale was founded in 1744" i'm bored.  i need some other way to do my report.  well, you could go back in time and watch history happen.  if only you had access to some kind of magichello.  oh, right. wanda's a fairy.  i wish that i could go back in time to the founding of dimmsdale.  awesome.  this is a long time ago.  wow. old dimmsdale sure is cool.  i'll say.  the stench of rotting garbage, the lack of indoor plumbing...  and a complete lack of any medicine or hygieneit's awesome.  timmy, there's your greatgreatgrandfather ebenezer turner.  cool.  welcome, people of dimmsdale.  we are gathered here to give each citizen of the town a job.  ebenezer turner, you have the choice between railroad tycoon or town crier.  well, everyone knows there's no future in railroads.  they're just a fad.  plus, i'm dressed as a manwoman.  so town crier it is.  then, orville buxaplenty, i declare you the railroad tycoon.  sucker.    wow, timmy, your greatgreatgrandfather is really good at his job.   pull it together, man.  woman. i've seen enough.  poof us home.  i can't believe my greatgreatgrandfather picked town crier.  if he had picked railroad tycoon, my family could have been rich.  who knew i came from such a long line of dummies.  the fire ants crawled from my powdered wig into my frilly woman shirt.  i wish i could change the past.  oh, timmy, changing the past is dangerous.  you never know what it could do to the present.  it can't make the present any worse.  i've got fire ants in my formfitting woman pants.   i wish my greatgreatgrandfather ebenezer turner had chosen to be a railroad tycoon.  huh. that's weird.  nothing changed.  oh, my gosh.  everything changed.  we're rich.  check out the giant pool.  is that a cruise ship.  hello, master timmy.  i'm merman, your butler.  i wait on you hand and foot.  ahahallow me.  ahchoo.  just let me know when you have to go to the bathroom.  i need a little prep time for that.  whee. whee.  whee.  hey. hi, timmy.  have some money.  why are you standing.  we're rich.  your feet shouldn't have to touch the ground.  merman.  very good, sir.  okay, everyone, reset your watches.  this part of the house is in a different time zone.   wow, our house is so big, it took us three train transfers to get to the front door.  whoa.  what happened to dimmsdale.  the turners happened.  mr. crocker.  what are you doing in a trash can.  i live here.  put your girdle on, mother.  we need the extra room.  you live in a trash can with your mom.  well, that stinks.  literally.   what a clever pun.  while you were thinking up that gem, i was starving.  how is that the turners' fault.  dimmsdale has been ruined by centuries of turner greed.  and your dad has been the worst turner of all.  honey, i want to take the train to our yacht, but that stupid building's in the way.  isn't that dimmsdale hospital.  not anymore.  your dad is the most evil man in the city.  one day i'm gonna lead a revolution that will overthrow the turner tyranny.  denzel, i need your help lacing up my girdle.  suck it in, mother. i'm coming.  i can't believe my family turned out to be so greedy.  it's no fun being rich if everyone else is miserable.  cosmo, wanda, i wish i could go back to my old life.  jorgen, what are you doing here.  missing my sprayon tan appointment, thanks to you.  where are cosmo, wanda, and poof.  hey, your life is so good now, you do not need fairies.  i only let you keep the dog because he's a pain in the butt.  speaking of butts, i hope you like sniffing 'em 'cause the revolution's coming, man.  i can't live without my fairies.  to get cosmo and wanda back, i'll have to make my life miserable.   timmy, this is a present from your father.  " cool. what was i talking about again.  yay.  good luck with that miserable life thing.  okay, i need to focus.  i'll stop eating, and that'll make my life stink.  then cosmo and wanda will have to come back.   have some candy.  it's wrapped in money.  both: yay.  what was i saying again.  okay, new plan.  i'll just give away all of my cool stuff.  come and get your free, cool stuff.  all: yay. cool stuff.  it worked. i've got nothing.  timmy, since you got rid of all your cool stuff, i got you even cooler stuff.  happy 3:45 in the afternoon.  it's impossible to be miserable when you're rich.  i wonder what i get at 4:00.  hold on. i'm in the can.  what do you want, turner.  are you here to insult me with another clever pun.  crocker, i want to help you start a revolution against my dad.  i don't know, turner.  why should i trust you.  if we defeat my dad, you won't have to live in a can anymore.  actually, the can's not so bad.  just had the kitchen redone.  but you won't have to live with your mom.  let the revolution begin.   thanks for loaning us the torches and pitchforks, sparky.  no problem, but i'll need them back for a thing i got later.  to the turner power plant.  time to derail timmy's evil dad.  i've spent years studying how to destroy this power plant.  finally, my life's work is going to pay off.  or we could just hit the off button.  all: yay.  that was it.  i could have gotten married and had a family.  then again i would have had to find a woman who wanted to live in a trash can. gah.  that's always been a bit of a hurdle.   oh, no.  my trains have stopped.  i've been riding in them so long, i've forgotten how to walk.  merman, stop going to the bathroom for timmy and carry me to my yacht.   sir. sorry, sir.  yay., my life's gonna stink again.  you did it, turner.  and i know exactly how to thank you.  i would have preferred a muffin basket.  i thought about that, but i went with annihatinyou instead.  why. i'm in charge now.  power's gone to my head. see that train.  i'm gonna hop on it and run you over.   oh, no, i'm doomed.  this is the most miserable i've ever been.  hi, we're cosmo and wanda, and this is our baby poof.  we're your new fairies.  i'm sure you have a lot of questions.  no, i'm good. just get me out of here.  okay, but first we need to go through this thousandpage fairy rule book.  "  can we move this thing along.  okay, if you could just sign this fairy contract here, here, and here.  my hands are tied.  oh, right, sorry.    guys, i wish my life was back to the way it was before i made my wish.  what wish. just do it.    oh, yay.  it's good to be home.  i don't need my dad to be a railroad tycoon.  my life is perfect just the way it is.  my flab blaster backfired on me.   okay, perfect may not be the best word.  hey, timmy, you didn't hear it from me, but you might want to leave town for a couple of days.  that's a shame, sparky.  i thought we'd go get some pizza.  my treat. oh, pizza.  this is alpha dog to red leader.  abort mutt rising. abort. abort.   it's a little late.  newcricket wireless.   did you know that over97% of americans are covered by our network.  wooo.  cricket.  something to smile about.  @+ait.  hh.  @w pw.must be p4e w rahhhh @waa t t t ppw kvphhhw  hhh.pwowwi'm  of 1rep0.  . timmy is an average kid .  . that no one understands .  . mom and dad and vicky always giving him commands .  bed, twerp.  . the doom and gloom up in his room .  . is broken instantly .  . by his magic little fish who grant his every wish .  . 'cause in reality .  . they are his oddparents .  . fairly oddparents .  wands and wings.  floaty crowny things.  . oddparents, fairly oddparents .  . really mod, pea pod, buff bod, hot rod .  obtuse, rubber goose, green moose, guava juice, giant snake, birthday cake, large fries, chocolate shake.  . oddparents, fairly oddparents .  . it flips your lidwhen you are the kid .  . with fairly oddparents .  yeah, right.   . .   poof, it's time for bed.  not tired.  he's a little hyper tonight.  i probably shouldn't have let him polish off the leftover halloween candy.  what. aah.  you told me a rabid raccoon ate it.  rabid raccoon, your son, what's the difference.  they both foam at the mouth.  why don't you read me a story until you fall asleep.  then i'll watch tv.   ooh, read us the story ofthe three little pigs in a blanket.  i hear they come out super hot, so you got to huff and puff and blow on them.  that's a cookbook, cosmo.  yahoo.  this is a fairytale book.   yeah.  poof, which story do you want to hear.  jorgen and the beanstalk, orrip stud winkle.  hey, that's not what those stories are called.  timmy, the fairy tales you grew up with actually happened to real fairies.  the names were changed because no one's supposed to know we exist.   turner residence, timmy's fairy speaking.  thanks a lot, wanda.  now i can't save 15% on my car insurance.  guys, i'm a little old for fairy tales, so i'm going to read something slightly more sophisticated.  burpman and fartboy.  nothing says literary classic like a crimefighting duo that gets their powers from eating mexican food.  i'll just read the story ofcosmorella.  ooh, i like this one.  it's about a handsome, greenhaired lad, who saved 15% on his car insurance.  be quiet, cosmo.  once upon a time, there was a young servant boy named cosmorella, who lived with his evil stepbrothers, umbrella and mozzarella.  seriously, those are their names.  oh, sorry, the really clever names, like burpman and fartboy, were already taken.  anyway, cosmorella was hopelessly in love with the unbelievably attractive princess wanda.  i mean, we're talking knockout.  just get to the story.  but cosmorella knew that, as a servant boy, he would never meet her.  oh, princess wanda, if only i could meet you, i know you would love me as much as i love you. )