i can't believe miss dew, the art teacher, is back. i know. i think the semester break did her some good. i mean, she looks a lot less nervous. go, miss dew. i think maybe we should keep our voices down and not make any sudden movements. good afternoon,students. i just wanted to say that it's so nice to be back. and while i'll was away, i really missed the school. so i thought that my first art project back should be about school unity. i'm all for school unityas long as it doesn't involve paint. so, this friday we are all going to put our painted handprints on the courtyard wall for a mural of togetherness. so, please, make sure you don't leave your hands at home. that was a joke. miranda. what. i am just trying to supportive. plus, it sounds like a pretty cool project. sounds to me like the school's trying to save money on repainting the courtyard by getting us to do it. school painting project. school car wash project. school cleanup project. hey, wait, maybe gordo's right. so, i was trying to figure out what color we should do our handprints for the school mural of unity. oh, that's so funny 'cause i just read this great article about how the color of your front door should reflect the personalities of the people who live in the house. oh, no she doesn't. i'm painting the school for free. mom's not ropping me into doing the front door, too. that's pretty cool. yeah, so today, i'm painting our door red. red. what's wrong with white like we have now. well, red's exciting and we're the exciting mcguires. okay, i can look at some other colors. thank you. i think i've got a problem. yeah, i think it's wetting your bed. lizzie. what happened, matt. i don't know. all i did was put on my slippers and they're soaked. oh, no. stop. stop. come here. a pipe burst in the wall in matt's room. the floor is soaked. i had to turn off the water. oh, no, now we have to move everything out of his room. i'm going to call work and tell them i'm not coming in because we're going to have move matt into lizzie's room till we get it fixed. what. no, no, no. porcupine head is not sleeping in my bedroom. where do you think he's going to sleep. outside. actually don't. yeah, don't. oh, you little hey, i am the child with the most seniority here. i deserve some respect, and i deserve it now. please. if you believe we've got a pictureperfect plan we've got you fooled 'cause we only do the best we can and sometimes we make it and sometimes we fake it but we get one step closer each and every day we'll figure it out on the way. lizzie mcguire s02e25 bunkies very good fire drill, people. now, remember, stay quietly in line until the allclear bell. it's just a drill. don't panic it just a drill. i don't think she's going to make it to friday. i don't even think she'll even make it to lunch. oh, come on, you guys. everybody's doing the mural. let's go find a place to put our handprints. why do you have to be so cooperative. why can't you be bitter and cynical like a normal student. gordo, it's just a goofy art project. it can't hurt. plus, we get out of school for half a day. whatever. great, let's find a place. how about right there in middle. cool. it's fine with me. the middle. i don't think so. the cheerleaders are putting their handprints in the middle and the jocks are going next to them. maybe you guys could go by the trash can with the chess club geeksif they let you. i thought that this was supposed to be about unity. i thought that we were all supposed to blend our handprints in together. uh, yeah. you guys go be all unified over there. fine. we will go put our handprints over there. no, mine goes in the middle. hey, hey, hey. do you guys know jar jar binks' middle name. um, jar. are you jedi knights. we're you born on the planet alderaan. uh, no. no, you weren't. so, that quadrant is off limits to you. when is the mother ship going to come take tudgeman home. okay, news flash, people. it's just a wall. last week you guys we're bouncing a stupid ball off of it, and this week, you guys are treating it like it's some new planet. do not panic, just a drill. do not panic. do not panic. i think we're going to have to do this one for miss dew. this is so unfair. there is no room for me on the wall and there's no room for me at home. what do you mean there's no room for you at home. well, my parents want matt to move into my bedroom. oh, that's not going to happen. you mean, that's not going to happen again. we already tried that when i was like five, and even then he was like whipping me in the head with his teething ring. why do you have to share a room with matt. are your parents having a baby. no, that's gross. some kind of pipe busted in matt's room. and so until it gets repaired stinkboy's with me. there's another fire drill. miss dew, miss dew. that was just the allclear bell, miss dew. i knew that. you're right. she definitely needs us. so, i guess we're green with envy. that's what you get. no, it's fresh, like springtime. so, who let the weasel out of his cage. uh, okay, matt and your dad are just moving a few of matt's things into your room. matt's stuff. in my room. how will i ever get the stench out. dad, what are you doing. i'm getting matt's bed set up. oh, hey, you're here to fix the pipe, right. it's in the next room. i'll be right there. dad, why is matt's bed in here. what do you expect him to do, lizzie. curl up in the corner. of course not in the corner. there's room in the closet. i thought he had a sleeping bag. lizzie, this isn't a camping trip. uh, no, that does not go on my wall. but it's weird al. he's way cool. yeah, well, if weird al touches my wall he'll come down as shredded al, okay. no. you just don't appreciate good music. well, i'd really appreciate it if you kept your infested trash out of my room. mom said i could bring the stuff i need into your room. i know what matt needs: his own room. so, uh, what do you think. i think you got a leak. right. so, how long do you think it will take to fix it. oh, about an hour or two. that's great. you'll be finished today. that's a good one. so, um by tomorrow it can all be fixed, right. tomorrow i have to buy my materials and hire my crew. how about the next day. yeah, in a perfect world. well, maybe, uh, you can help us find someone to do the work today. yeah, maybe. you could check around, but if you do decide to hire me, by this afternoon i may have more work scheduled which means you'd have to wait another week. you're hired. great. now i just need a check for five, ten, 15 $1,000. and if i don't use it all, i'll give you the rest back. like that's going to happen. that green color mean you got a lot of money. honey. what is that for. matt wants a blanket for his bed. but i keep my room warm. why is it so cold in here. i like to keep the window open. mom, i don't want to be flashfrozen like matt. okay, matt, you and lizzie are going to have to cooperate with each other. each of you is going to have to bend a little bit. bend. there's only so much bending i can do until i i break. this is my room. i know, honey, but it's our house and in times of trouble we stick together. it just so happens that you guys have to stick together in the same room. matt, i saw that. okay, good night, sleep tight, don't let the bedbugs bite. okay, here are the real rules. you're going to stay in your bed and i'm going to pretend not to notice you, okay. also, you don't touch my stuff, and i'm going to pretend not to notice you. and don't speak, because then it will be a whole lot easier for me not to notice you. fine, but, uh, i want that open. no, no, no. i sleep with it closed. what is that. this is my soundsoother. the sound of the ocean relaxes me. oh, yeah, well, it makes me seasick. i don't sleep with that on at night. i'll burn up. well, i'm sorry, take your blanket off. i'll freeze. i sleep with that open so i can see the moon. so, that's the howling noises i've been hearing at night. i want it down. up. down. no, up. down. you two had better zip it and go to sleep or i'll make you both sleep on the floor. i don't sleep with a nightlight. and i like the door open. i can't sleep with the door open. i couldn't sleep at all last night just thinking of you baby, things weren't right when i was tossing and turning all night i kicked the blankets on the floor turned my pillow upsidedown i never, never did before because i was tossing and turning turning and tossing atossing and turning all night. not another word. okay. i have got to get some sleep tonight. uh what time did he start. six. okay, i'm thinking about painting the door orange. what do you think. knock, knock. who's there. orange. orange who. orange you going to get awful sick of an orange door. mom, dad, matt kept me up all night. he talks in his sleep. it is so creepy. i don't talk in my sleep. like you would know. mom, lizzie turned off my alarm. i don't like alarms. they wake me up. i like it when you wake me up gently. oh that's so sweet. wait a minute. you guys, you kept us up all night last night. it was his fault. he kept bothering me, mom. i never bothered you. i was just trying to make the room comfortable. okay, enough. go get ready for school. how's it coming. pretty good, actually. i think i'm going to need a bigger deposit. and i think i'm going to be stuck with matt forever. mom and dad brought him into this world why can't they take him out of mine. i know we're supposed to be supporting miss dew but i don't think that we need to be practicing making hand prints. well, matt kept me up all night so hand prints is about all i can handle. oh, so how's the room sharing thing going. ah. that good. oh, tudgeman. you got a little something right here. no. over here. kind of over here. no over there a little. there. you got it. she digs me. hey, tudgeman, you got stuff all over your face. like here and there and there and there. i can't believe you fell for that. ladies. you know, the scary thing is, he's probably going to be very successful at politics. hey, i'd vote for him. even with paint in his hair, he still looks perfect. which means he'll be puttinghis hand prints with all the "perfect hair" people, unlike us, with, uh, no place to go. hey, you know what. forget about what kate says and what tudgeman sayswe're going to find a group to put our hand prints with. oh, very good hand prints, lizzie. yeah. uh, thanks, miss dew. yeah, this could work. we like sports. i'm sure the basketball team will let us put our prints with theirs. out of the way, freaks. okay, maybe we should start with the geeks. why don't they move something. it's chessit takes concentration. well, maybe they need motivation. go, team, go. come on, move that king. yeah. okay, all right, we're going. i don't want to put our hand prints with theirs anyway. what's next. drama club. i just wanted to say that as i watched you and listened to you, i became you. i then felt i knew you. of course you did because i am what you feel. oh, yes. excuse me, we're trying to have a personal conversation here. oh andand i i knew that and we're leaving immediately. ah. take it easy. i said i'm sorry. that went well. yeah. so what's next. okay, that was vicious. i like my clothes. that's itnobody wants us to be a part of their group. it's not a mural of togetherness. it's a mural of make lizzie feel like a loser. uhhuh, blue. kind of sad. blue. yeah. blue. peaceful. it's a little sad, isn't it. hi, mom. hi, dad. hi, mom. hi, dad. hi, guys. ii think it's peaceful. not for long. mom and dad, somebody has taken everything out of my room. my weird al poster is gone. relax, i put everything in the garage. i do have this for you. what is this. your beds. this week, while matt's room is being repaired, until you two can get along, you'll be sleeping in those. you've got to be kidding me. nope. you took away all their stuff. i have a plan. i am so looking forward to hearing this. well, i just figured, if i took away all the stuff they're fighting over there'll be nothing left for them to fight about and they'll just have to work out their problems together. wow. that's very forceful of you. yeah. yeah, i like it. is it hot in here or is it just me. this is all your fault. my fault. i didn't make the pipe burst. i want my bed back. i want my night light. well, i want my sound soother. listen, worm we're not going to get anything back if we keep arguing, so we have to stop. like that's going to happen. well, we don't actually have to stop arguing. we just have to convince dad that we've stopped. oh, i seefool our parents. i like it. i thought you would. wait, we don't have to, you know hug or anything, do we. ugh. no. are you guys arguing again. why, no, father. without our things here to distract us, we've really gotten to know each other. yeah, and like each other. we've really learned our lesson. really. well, i'm impressed. i think maybe you guys are ready to get your stuff back. you think so. well, father does know best. i love seeing you two like this. i'll be right back. "father". what's with the "father" thing. "like each other". don't you think that's a bit over the top. matt, it's dad. it's not like we're trying to fool mom or anything. true. elizabeth. yes, matthew. would you like me to help you carry your books to the bus stop, elizabeth. oh, my matthew that would be wonderful. thank you. uhoh, she spotted us. just run. runrunrunrun. you see that, honey. my plan is working. your plan is not working. they're not getting along. but they honey, they're pretending to get along so they can get their stuff back. i knew that. i got to buy some new shoes. these got wet up there. i'll just add it to the bill. yellow. that reminds of when i was a kid. i had this little baby yellow chick. he was so sweet. he used to go, uh, "cheep, cheep. " "cheep. " you know, it'sit's supposed to be the sun. you know, bright, like a new day. you made it through a whole week with matt in your room. let me guess, while you were sleeping, he put whipped cream in your hand and tickled your nose with a feather. well, things were kind of rocky at first, but, you know, bottom line is, we're family, and when tough times come around, we have to stick together. you guys really got along. got along. uh i guess we did get along. we kind of had to act like we liked each other to survive dad's attempt at child psychology. matt's a pretty good actor, though. well, i wish we could pretend to be part of some group so we'd have someplace to put our hand prints. let's just face it. despite however many different groups of people there are here, we're just not going to belong to any of them. guys, you're right. ooh, ooh it's mural day. it's mural day. ooh, ooh. i hope you all remembered to bring your hands. i think maybe she meant it that time. no. i already decided that we're going to put our prints in a pyramid. and, uh, tiffany, you have a really stubby finger so put you print somewhere where no one will notice. hey, i have an excellent idea. spock would be proud. uh, miss dew, i got a problem. oh, thank you so much for trusting me enough to share it with me. uh, yeah, whatever. well, see, it's like this. i keep on trying to do a thumbs up but the wall won't let me. yyou think i should try with my other hand. do you know what. i'm okay about not being in any of the groups. yeah, me, too. and when i think about it, the only group that i want to be in is standing right next to me. oh, lookthere's a spot right there. let's make our move. that's it. that's the color i've been searching for. how many colors did you go through till you found that one. a few. not bad. you ever need a job, you can work for me. thank you. that's for you. was that the construction guy. yeah. look at this$2. 43. now, that's a shock. i know. hey, i like it. yeah. i think i do, too. see you, honey. you don't want the change. so messy. yeah, but it was a cool way of getting everyone out of school for half the day. hey, we ought to go back and sign our names next to our hand prints. uhoh. which one's are ours. you know, after seeing miss dew's mural of togetherness the whole thing about which group put their hand prints where didn't matter much. 'cause when you look at it, all the prints kind of blend together in a group that's just us. i used deodorant this morning. yeah. oh, so how's the room sharing thing going. oh, that good. somebody has stolen everything not stolen. somebody has taken everything out of my room. and my weird pal thing. al. i think we should start over. and i thing i'm going to be stuck with matt forever. mom and dad brought him into this world. i heard that, matt. )