hey, what are you doing. miranda, look out. no. no. are you okay. i cannot believe you did that. are you sure you're okay. "okay". this is so not okay. believe it or not, when i got ready for school this morning i wasn't aiming for leprechaun chic. if you're wondering what happened to me we have to go all the way back to this morning but, basically, what happened is 'school picture day. ' season 1 episode 2 picture day if you believe, we've got a pictureperfect plan we've got you fooled 'cause we only do the best we can sometimes we make it and sometimes we fake it but we get one step closer each and every day we'll figure it out on the way i have absolutely nothing to wear. no no no no hello. hey, could you check in your living room and see if i left my hackysack over there. sure. hmm not here, sorry. oh, hold oncallwaiting. hello. it's me. ooh, good. talk me through a clothing crisis. what about your denim thing. too shania twain. hold oncallwaiting. you, uh, hung up on me and you didn't look for the hackysack, did you. gordo, i am in the middle of a fashion meltdown. all righty, then. chicks. that was gordo, obsessing about his hackysack. boys. lizzie, i need the phone. well, that's a big problem for you isn't it. oh, my gosh, you are so lucky you got that delia's outfit. three dollars an hour to clean mrs. fernelius's backyard isn't exactly luck. lizziephone. i was thinking more like sarah michelle gellar thingpowerful but still cute or something classy, like gwyneth at the oscars. phone, phone, phone. what about that red top you just got. ooh, ooh, the halter with the bare midriff, oh, and my black hiphuggers. it'd be so "oops. i did it again. " mom. dad. lizzie's talking about dressing like britney spears. man, she's hot. code bluei'll have to call you back. three two one. honey, do we need to talk about this. britney spears is the one who got all developed, right. thank you. i really don't want her going to school looking like that. not a problem. i couldn't possibly look like britney for at least five more years and, like five million situps. matt is exaggerating. i was just talking to miranda about what to wear for my school picture. well, i thought you were going to wear the sweater that gammy mcguire sent you for christmas. that's right, the red one. oh i changed my mind. well, you loved it when you got it. why wouldn't you wear it. maybe 'cause it's hideous and it makes me look like a cookieelf. it's just i thought it was kind of warm to wear a sweater. no, it's cool out. besides, it would really mean a lot to gammy mcguire. it'sit's just come on, lizzie, gammy's not getting any younger. who knows how much longer she'll be with us. she is only 61, and she teaches windsurfing and her mom is still alive. what do you mean you didn't do the math homework. i was going to. i'm supposed to get it from you. angels in the outfield i don't care if angels in the outfield was on last night. i'm going to get in trouble without that homework. sorry, matt. thanks a lot, you muggle. oh, yeah, there's going to be a pop what. there's going to be a pop quiz, too. i'm toast. there's no way i can go to school today. see you. but what if, like, the picture's behind a red backdrop. i mean, my head'll just be floating there. honey, i'm sure it's going to be a neutral background and it's an adorable sweater. don't you think so, matt. what. oh, i think i'm going to throw up. don't make fun of your sister's sweater, matt. gammy mcguire really loves you kids. no, i don't feel good. i think i'm sick. uhoh. let me feel your forehead. well, you feel warm but i can't tell if you have a fever. you go upstairs. i'll come up and take your temperature. here, i want you to get some food in you and don't worryit's going to be a big hit. this is the story of a girl who cried a river and drowned the whole world and while she looks so sad in photographs i absolutely love her when she smiles nine days absolutely  how many days in a year she woke up with hope but she only what. that's not really "oops. i did it again. " that's just, "oops. " my stupid brother got my parents involved. they picked it out. my grandmother gave it to me for christmas. it's just a picture. will you stop staring at me. it is not "just a picture. " we're in middle school now. these pictures don't just go home in an envelope. these pictures get published in the yearbook. your sweater just gave rudy velasco nosemilk. this is serious. these pictures will be seen by everyone forever. "forever". forever. i mean haven't you seen your parents' yearbook pictures. i've got to get home and change. go. yeah, i'm taking his temperature right now. your father's very concerned about you. i'm really worried. i know, you are. he is concerned. here. oh, my 102. wow. you stay put. you are not going to school today, young man. are you sure it's a 102. yep, 102 on the nose. you're probably right about the flashlight trick. and there it is. oh, he's totally faking. where do they learn these things. from some kid handbook we don't know about. you'll just have to take care of him. you know what i mean. oh, don't worry. no, i'll take care of him. i'm sure you will, honey. okay. i'll see you tonight. bye. how you feeling, sweetie. oh you know what you need. some soup. chicken noodle. no, borscht. it's cold beet soup. a lot of vitamin c. real good. i hate beets. yo, gordon. uh, hey, craft. what's up. have you gotten your picture taken yet. no. fourth period. why. 'cause we've got this great plan. see, when all the guys get their pictures taken the last minute, we're all gonna do this. gonna do what. do this. oh. isn't that great. it's awesome. we're straightup playas, man. that'll show the faculty. show them what. well s that we mean business. so, you in. i don't know. you better not be against us, man. you got to survive this school and it's a long time till summer. i may not even have my picture taken. i'm going to tell my teacher i grew up with kalahari desert bushmen and i believe if someone takes my picture they'll steal my soul away from me and i'll be doomed to eternal wandering. you're weird. you don't get your picture taken till sixth period. there's got to be someone you can borrow an outfit from by then. what's going on. whoa. long story, gordo. i got time. okay, my grandmother and, like, when i got to school, no one would swap sweaters with me. i didn't know your grandmother taught windsurfing. thanks, gordo, that's really helpful. you know, every school picture i've ever taken has been colossally lame: sixth grade, braces. fifth grade bee sting on my nose. and, like, fourth grade missing tooth. for once, i'm going to look good in my school picture. i don't know why everyone's obsessing with these pictures. you're freaking out because of a sweater. how i look in this picture has a lot to do with what everyone in school thinks about me. you really care what a bunch of jocks and cheerleaders think about you. shyeah. how you look in a picture doesn't mean you're a good person. i'm studying john wilkes booth in history. he looked good in pictures and he was kind of a jerk. it can be a little tough when one of your two best friends says things that are kind of bizarre. well, john wilkes booth wasn't trying to get danny kessler to like him. when both of your best friends do you just learn to deal with it. i got to go get an outfit. same skirt same blouse uhoh. throughout the animal kingdom, it's a wellknown fact that the males fiercely compete to establish themselves within the herd. but in middle school, girls get in on the action, too. you're not wearing that. i'm not. it feels like i am. i looked for this outfit for weeks, and you had better change before sixth period. okay, i'll change. i'll pretend you're not a big snotfaced snothead. you are not wearing that. "snotfaced snothead". well, i think i made my point. okay, i'm done. well, that's my little trooper. bet you feel better now. yeah. i mean, no i still feel pretty sick. no, no, no. what you need is some peace and quiet. i do. oh. honey, you're burning up. yeah. i got to sweat this fever out of you. we do. yeah. i want you to go upstairs. i'm going to turn on the vaporizer and i'll wrap you up in the old wool blanket. but it itches. well, only if you move around and you'll be wrapped up so tight you won't be able to. so, after i sweat, i can watch tv. uhhuh. can i get some water before we go upstairs. sure, honey. go ahead.  these always make dad's head sweat.  next. hey, gordo. no luck finding an outfit, huh. oh, plenty of luckall bad. bethany adelstein says i can borrow her sunglasses so maybe people won't know who the poor little shegeek is. ow. my eyes. next. you got to trust methis picture is not important. it's not important to you. it's important to me. aah. aah. next. i just don't see why we should give in to all the peer pressure. because we have peers and they put pressure on us. like, if it was just you and me, i wouldn't care how i looked. but i do have to live in this world. but i wasn't ready yet. nice try, gordo, but i'm not going to let that happen to me. smile. one, two, three. next. remember, gordon smile. that is not a smile. smile. one you got to survive at this school and it's a long time till summer. how this picture comes out has a lot to do with what everyone in school thinks about me. two three. ugh. next. outfit, outfit, who's got the outfit. lisa chung. no. she blew me off. allison gendel. she smells like feet. tamara scarpati. oh, yeah, like that's going to work. parker mckenzie. nah. she hates me since i sat on her titanic lunch box in fifth grade. i'd rather die than go crawling to her. hey, parker. great shoes. uhhuh. i mean, no, seriously those are like majorly fabulous. whatever. yours are okay, too, i guess. you like them. because you can borrow them anytime. and maybe i could borrow something from you like, um maybe your blouse. oh, that's right. i heard you were begging people for their clothes. everybody thinks that's really creepy. your shoes suck. hey tummy still jumbled. um no. oh, good. you can help me wind some yarn. do i have to do this. yeah. only until your body cools down. you still seem kind of feverish to me. um could i get some soda crackers for my stomach. sure, honey. as soon as you cool down, you can watch some tv. come on. what. come oni want to show you something. gordo, i'm busy, and this is important. my thing's more important. take your pick. gordo, where'd you get these. the drama department is putting on a play. the girl in charge of costumes owed me a favor. she needed a partner for a clog dancing class. i thought you thought this whole school picture thing was stupid i do, but certain events have happened that made me realize that stupid things can still be important. you caved on the ethan craft stoneface thing, didn't you. yes, but i still think that who you are as a person is more important than how you look in a picture. so as long as i'm a good person it's okay that i still want to look pretty. yeah, it's okay. thanks. i want the white one. this is so cool. so retro. it's so absolutely perfect. well, as long as you're sitting let's do some fraction drills, huh. oh, my gosh, you're really hot. oh, honey, how did you get so sick. i don't know. hot peppers ice in my pants. no more yarn. oh, my gosh, you're delirious. lie down, lie down. okay. mommy is going to go and make the soup you like, okay. and then i'm going to run to the store and i'm going to get some ginger ale. and i want you to rest, all right. oh, you don't feel good, do you. i feel awful. being sick is complicated. perfect outfit. very kirsten dunst meets south beach. we're going to look so good in our pictures. i know. thanks to gordo. i'm actually looking forward to next period. your pineapple looks like a skunk. hey, it does. why do we have to draw fruit, anyway. i'm going to draw 'n sync. you make pineapples look like skunks. imagine what you'd do to justin timberlake. why is kate being all nice to ed. and what's he doing with paint. i know. kate's got a plan. she's hired ed to whack miranda's outfit. miranda worked hard for three months to get that outfit. her picture will be ruined. hey, what are you doing. miranda, look out. no. no. are you okay. i cannot believe you did that. i can't believe it, either. but miranda would jump on a paint grenade for me. besides, green's very in this season. and it's not like i was the only one whose picture came out weird smile. smile. come on. your mother's going to see this. smile. miranda looked way awesome, and gordo turned out greatall moody and troubled, like freddie prinze jr. but like gordo says, i'd rather be a good person then look good in a picture. besides i like the way i looked. well, she does have the sweater. oh, yeah. and we don't have to worry about ordering walletsizes this year. made for sis )