well, i like bread and butter i like toast and jam that's what my baby feeds me i'm her loving man. i'm going in. cover me. oh, wait, wait. okay, ready. no, you guys can't go out there. what. this is the most fun we've ever had since gordo's homeec project made everyone sick and we had to leave school early. it's more than fun. it's darwinian. survival of the fittest. survival of the fittest. i'll never make it. listen, i'm going to go in so i can find a way out, okay. hey, that is going to leave a stain. sorry. it was funny. okay. who threw that. hold it right there miss mcguire. you three:mcguire, sanders,tudgeman clean yourselves off and report back to me pronto. but it was in selfdefense. i've been framed. i'm totally innocent. that means now, people. i think that gum was mine. ew. if you believe we've got a pictureperfect plan we've got you fooled 'cause we only do the best we can and sometimes we make it and sometimes we fake it but we get one step closer each and every day we'll figure it out on the way. lizzie mcguire s02e19 she said he said she said not only will you be cleaning this entire cafeteria you'll also be doing three hours of community service at the food bank, or writing a report explaining who started the food fight and why. yes, miss sanders. so all we have to do is write down who started it, and we're done. that is correct. after that, your punishment will be over. until then, start cleaning the cafeteria. i am so not cleaning the cafeteria and i am so not writing some dumb report because i so did not do this. well, hey, i didn't do it either. don't look at me. i suggest you get started cleaning. look at me, lanny. i'm art. oh, oh, ooh, now i'm a fossil. what are you going to be. okay. good one, lanny. you're modern art, yeah. field trips are awesome. i mean, not only do we get to spend time outside but we get to miss school. and the teachers, they think we actually learn something. wait. wait. there goes our ride. how are we supposed to get home. we're going to be stuck here all night. what are you doing. eating. i think it's rice pudding. what. i'm hungry. i didn't get to eat lunch. oh, that's so gross. while you two start cleaning up i'll tell you how the food fight really got started and how it has nothing to do with me. uh, hello. i don't care if you didn't start it. you're going to clean up and help, too. what is she afraid of. she's going to break a nail or something. but i don't clean. i could break a nail. i knew it. i should start playing the lottery. it was a day just like any other day. it was perfect because it is me. i arrived at school, friendly to everybody and happy, as always, to be here. you, kate, friendly. i don't think so. this is my story. butt out. hello. yes, thank you. i've arrived. oh, miranda. don't worry about that rash. it should clear up in a day or two. kate just noticed me. she noticed me. and she didn't even mind my rash. maybe that means she wants to be friends with us again. oh, please, oh, please, oh, please. better watch where you're going. don't want to hurt yourself. good advice as always, kate. hey, larry, i can't blame you for wearing the same shirt again. it looked so good on you yesterday. how dare you. this is a new shirt. it's never been worn once, you, you dirk. if only kate were our friend again. i could protect her from evil people like larry tudgeman. so why would i start the food fight. as you can see i love the people and the people love me. there's room for you here, kate. kate, come sit with us, please. hey, you don't do that to kate sanders. i think it's pretty obvious who started the food fight. i mean, nobody ever calls me a dirk. you three: mcguire, sanders, tudgeman clean yourselves off and report back to me pronto. obviously i've been wrongfully accused. the world according to kate is really warped. i know you think i started this, kate but don't flatter yourself. i don't waste food especially not on somebody like you. we're never going to get out of here. i can't believe they left us here. what are we going to do. we're ruined. okay, you're right, lanny. just because the bus left us here doesn't mean we have to panic. we didn't do anything wrong. there's no way we can get into trouble. right again, lanny. we're downtown, the day is young and the world is ours. let's hit it. ugh. this is all so wrong. this kind of stuff doesn't happen to people like me. i mean, people like me. i got singled out for doing great deeds for making great discoveries. there's this thing called "soap. " maybe you haven't "discovered" it yet. you now what, kate. people might like you a little more if you weren't so hostile all the time. haven't you been listening. people love me. you know, lizzie if you say you didn't start the food fight i believe you. and you heard my story. i'm obviously innocent. but larry, i mean, look at him. all we have to do is give principal tweedy his name and we're outie. who is she kidding. like i'm the kind of person who would do that. i'll do your nails. well, a manicure may make me feel better. no. no. that's sweet. the two of you having your own little moment. you know, you guys, you go right on ahead. pretend like i'm not even here. i mean, everybody else does, right. larry, people notice you. you are the first one to raise your hand in class. you'll eat practically anything and you are your own person. lizzie's just being polite. you're a weirdo and people definitely notice. in that case, i better tell you what really went down today to clear my name. it was a day like any other. i got to school by 6:00 a. m. to do some work in the algebra lab. we have an algebra lab. school's open before 7:00. ladies, please, i'm in the middle of a story here, okay. now, the way i see it that's it. i've done it. i've disproved infinity. i have to tell the world. tudgeman must have figured out something brilliant again. if only he were my boyfriend i'd be the luckiest girl in all the land. that guy's got it made. brains, brawn, babes. tudgeman's so hot i'm getting a heat rash. watch where you're going, dirk. oh, larry, i'm so sorry. i hate it when you see me at my worst. it's not me you owe an apology to, kate. kate is so lucky. i know. larry tudgeman just spoke to her. before i knew it, it was lunchtime. i hate lunch. it really breaks up the school day. that's when i saw it. some kid lost his balance on a banana peel but even i, larry tudgeman, wasn't quick enough to break his fall. no. before i could prevent any more damage principal tweedy walked in and accused me of the unthinkableparticipating in an unsupervised school activity. tudgeman. you know what the worst part is. i didn't even get to tell anyone i just disproved infinity. what's that noise. finally, i have something on kate. she snores. you know what, larry. i like your story. it's very creative. thank you. and even though it was a little out there i believe you and i think you're as innocent as i am. thank you squared. all we have to do is give tweedy a name. doesn't necessarily have to be mine. doesn't necessarily have to be yours so let's say you and me write down rooty tooty fruity over there and get the heck out of here. i can hear you. all this backstabbing and conspiring could prepare me for a career in politics. cool. you're right, lanny. nothing says fun like ice cream for lunch. but i guess our fun is nearing an end. i'm sure we have to get back to school. they must've known we've gone by now. i know it's not our fault we got left behind. it's just the responsible thing would be to hey, look, a penny. i guess that's being responsible, lanny. okay, so heads, we go back to school tails, we take the rest of the day off. tails it is. you win, lanny. when you're low and life is making you lonely you can always go downtown when you've got worries all the noise and the hurry seems to help, i know downtown just listen to the music of the traffic in the city linger on the sidewalk where the neon signs are pretty how can you lose. the lights are much brighter there you can forget all your troubles forget all your cares, so go downtown things will be great when you're downtown everything's waiting for you tag. i'm it. hey, guys, what's up. i'll tell you what's up. you started the food fight. i did not. you did, too. it's right here on this piece of paper. and words don't lie. see ya. have fun cleaning. okay, hold it right there. what. neither one of us started it so why should we stay. you haven't even tried to clear your name. hello. i did, too, until you so rudely interrupted me. she has a point. shut up. okay you want to know what happened. i'll tell you what happened. here goes no interruptions and please save all questions till the end. capiche. i do love it when you're angry. ugh. okay. like i said before it was a perfectly normal day as usual. i woke up, got dressed and went downstairs for breakfast. my little brother leaves his stuff all over the place. but do my parents even care. mom. they let him get away with everything. oh, lizzie, you and your little accidents. you okay. can you please tell matt not to leave his stuff everywhere. i could've broken my neck. oh, honey, you know how special your brother is. i just hate telling him what to do. please, mom. well, since you asked so nicely matt, could you please stop leaving your stuff everywhere 'cause it gets in your sister's way. but i like leaving my stuff everywhere. well, then that's fine by me. um, where are my pancakes. i just gave the last batch to matt. hope you enjoyed them, son. delicious as usual, dad. mmmm. you ate my pancakes.. he ate my pancakes. oh, i'm sorry honey, we just like him better. besides, he needs extra energy for his field trip today. by the time i got to school, things weren't much better. miranda, what is that on your arm. i don't know, it's like some kind of rash. i think it's from that lotion i borrowed from you, lizzie. oh, i knew it was my fault. i'm sorry. that rash better not be contagious. okay, i can't believe we were ever friends with her. ah, we were young, didn't know any better. i did it. i did it. watch where you're going, dirk. hey, that was really my fault. i'm sorry about that. but you wouldn't believe what just happened save it. you obviously have me confused with someone who cares. what do you think he did. i don't know, got dressed by himself. next thing i know, it's lunch, my favorite subject. unless of course i get food stuck in my teeth or trip or something. gordo, what you eating. peanut butter and banana sandwich. actually, that sounds kind of good. oh, shoot. i got to go get napkins. hey, who threw that.. duck and cover. duck and cover. listen, i'm going to go in so i can find a way out, okay. sorry. it was funny. okay. who threw that. hold it right there miss mcguire. see. i told you i didn't have anything to do with it. well, kate, while it was fun plotting against lizzie with you i can't help but think that none of us started this food fight. yay, i cleared my name. but we already wrote her name down. and i am sick of being stuck here. so, later. wait. i think i just figured out what happened. something that all of our stories had in common. gustav. gustav. who's gustav. just hear me out, okay. we all saw him in the cafeteria and acknowledged him in one way or another, right. poor gustav. he was just reacting to us and the next thing you know coolie. write gustav's name in the essay and let's call this party over. but gustav didn't start it, not really. okay, so what's your point. i mean, this is taking longer than i expected. okay, here's the thing. maybe none of us started the food fight but none of us stopped it either. so. it's not my job to stop food fights. but, kate you're such a trendsetter. if you'd tried to stop it, then people would've copied you and stopped throwing their food, too. i hate to admit it, but you're right. people totally want to be like me. okay, i really need to work on some esteem issues. yeah, i should've tried to stop it telepathically you know, with my mind, like anything. anything. yeah, you're bugging me. so now what are we going to do. principal tweedy wants a name. well, i don't know about you guys but i'm leaving gustav out of it. i don't think it was his fault. concur. fine, but i'm not putting my name down either. maybe you don't have to. oh, no, you don't. you're not putting my name down either. i have a better idea. hey, honey, how was your field trip today. field trip.. oh, my field trip. it was, uh, great. yeah, very educational. i always liked field trips. yeah. me, too. you know, i had no idea they scheduled a baseball game after the museum. baseball game. good one, dad. and you know the funny thing is there was a parade after the baseball game. reheheally. a parade. do tell. and i could've sworn i saw a little boy who looked just like you on one of the floats. me. no way, right. except that then the school called. and they said you were missing all afternoon and made it back just in time to come home. what were you thinking, matt.. okay, i cave. you see, we were at the bus stop and the bus left without us and we were running, running, running. i wanted to do the responsible thing. and i did. i did. is it my fault that the penny told me to take the rest of the day off.. is it. is it. matt. the responsible thing would be to have called us. not to go gallivanting all over town. you should know better. yeah, now go to your room. we'll discuss your punishment later. i'm getting punished. yes. even though i brought you the gamewinning ball. you did. sam. go to your room. but, honey, he brought me the gamewinning ball. i still can't believe you had to spend the whole afternoon with kate and tudgeman. now that punishment really was cruel and unusual. actually, it wasn't that bad. a trip to the dentist isn't that bad. the kind of music your parents listen to isn't that bad. but what you had to do. now that was bad. okay, you guys are my best friends, right. right. yeah. so just trust me when i tell you that there's more to kate and larry than meets the eye. so which one of you guys fessed up anyway. yeah, what'd you end up writing in that essay. mcguire. tudgeman. sanders. dear principal tweedy earlier you asked us who started the food fight. and the truth is, none of us did. but we all could've stopped it. we all may hang out with different people. i mean, we may be a kate a larry and a lizzie but the one thing we should've had in common today was the courage to stand up and stop the food fight. so to answer your question it doesn't matter who started it because we're all responsible. so we cleaned up the cafeteria together. signed the lunch bunch. i'm sorry, but it was funny. ow. you had a meatball in your hand and you were going to lob it what were you thinking. okay, maybe i was. but let me repeat, it was ooh. sorry. )