okay. blending is the key to a natural looking makeup. how's this. perfect. you can barely even see it and yet you've used every product on the bed. oh, look. it's time for green valley. i have to find out who amber's secret boyfriend is, or i'll die. check it outit's clover and daisy. do you remember when we used to, like run home from kindergarten to see this show. yeah. i mean, how did we ever like this show. it's so dumbi mean, an elephant and a mouse. and look at us nowwe're almost driving. well, plus or minus a few years. mmhmm. thinking about colleges. it's clover and daisy's magic train. it's clover and daisy's magic train, choochoo. did i just say "choochoo". oh, but so did miranda. get ready. coming to your town soon it's the magic train live. i watch it whenever i can. i tape them. no wonder we're best friends. if you believe we've got a pictureperfect plan we've got you fooled 'cause we only do the best we can and sometimes we make it and sometimes we fake it but we get one step closer each and every day we'll figure it out on the way. lizzie mcguire s02e34 magic train we're supposed to be going to rock concerts not to see closer and daisy live. although, we could consider it a rain check. you know, we did miss the chance to see them when we were kids. sorry. strep throats are contagious. the rain check thing won't work. we'd just look like losers sitting around a bunch of little kids. i guess we'll just have to wait till we have our own kids. and pray they like clover and daisy, too. well, we'll be the parentswe'll be able to force them. although we could go if we had to babysit. ah cover, if you will. hey, matt, since i'm such a nice older sister you are. mm. miranda and i have decided to rearrange our very very busy schedules to take you to see clover and daisy. good one. clover and daisy. i'm way too old for that show. and they're so dorky and babyish. and that's why we love them. i guess that's a no. come on, mattit'll be really really fun. i'll buy you candy. leave me alonei got work to do. move. that thing's alive. it's a beaut, isn't it. two years of hard work avoiding mom and the vacuum. and finally, it's ready for the world to see. welcome to the mcguire's museum of dust, stains and grime. don't tell mom and dad about this. matt, that is dirt. it's not a museum. it's not even a collection. oh, how wrong you are. this is my mona lisa. can i take you on a tour. i think i need some help with the description of the, uh, toilet mildew. i'm just not sure it flows. uh, sorry. can't. more to the point, ugh. well, i guess we're going to miss clover and daisy once again. oh. oh. gordo's cousin taylor. that's a fouryearold we kind of know. yeah. uh, hey, gordo. oh, morning, ladies. listen do you think you're cousin taylor would want to go to clover and daisy live with us on saturday. they're in town. yeah. but his dad just got transferred to tokyo. i don't think he'll make it in timebut i'll go. with who. with you guys. i love that fuzzy twosome. hey, can we still get tickets. gordo, we're teenagers. it's a kiddie showwe can't go. unless we have a kid with us that's between the ages of two and five. why not. uh, social stigma. fingerpointing. do we like them. yeah, so, then, we go. you are so evolved. if "evolved" means that i can like foo fighters, vintage pinball and clover and daisy then thank you, i'm evolved. yeah. you know, we've got eclectic tastes, too. i mean, we're practically adults nowwe make our own decisions sometimes. yeah. gordo doesn't have to be the only one who's evolved. let's go. yeah. yeah. let's go. next stop, clover and daisy. now, what you're about to see may frighten small children. i warned youif you are too squeamish please leave the room now. wow. that's some old sandwich. indeed. it's fossilized. and no bugs. how do you do it. it's a scientific mystery. now, now, let's not linger. there's an amazing stain coming up right over here. matt seems really excited about his study group. yeah. boy, i didn't have a study group till i was in college. and he's only in the fourth grade. you know, school's getting so hard. yeah, i mean, what could they possibly have to study. and i didn't recognize half the kids from his class. yeah. some of them did seem a little old, didn't they. here. it's supposed to make you look younger. miranda, this is for, like, 40yearold women who want to look 30 not 14yearolds who want to look six. mm, i don't know about you but i'm, like, really excited about this. me, too. quickly, quickly, file in, file in. matt, you could've knocked. i told youyou're part of the museum. wow, he really has a museum with, like, visitors. heyhey, lizzie, miranda. ethan. ethan craft is in my room. uh hi, ethan. what a sur prise to see you here. yeah. and i'm in pigtails. and on my way to see clover and daisy. um so, how did you hear about the museum. oh, i saw it on the bulletin board at the digital bean and i was, like wow, a dirt museum. i mean, how cool is that. oh, yeah, it's fabulous. he's cute. i can't help myself. oh, have you seen the blueberry smoothie stain. see it. i made it. and i helped. and to our right is something i like to call happy birthday belch. matt. seems a certain sister of mine, in order to impress her classmates at her seventh birthday party ate the superduper sundae for two by herself. i remember that. good times. she won the dare but did she really. i think the proof is on the rugpermanently. in the history of embarrassing moments this one's the gold. lizzie. miranda. you don't want to be late for clover coming, mom. uh, we're just going to jet over to the mall. yeah. wewe need, um, things. uh, whatever. i got to get back to the tour. and now if you turn your head, like this these fingerprints look just like carrot top's head. and now, boys and girls, clover and daisy. oh. sorry. oh, right here. would you guys put your hoods down. you're embarrassing me. i swear, there's nobody here we know. mommy, i can't see over this big lady's head. maybe we are too old for this. yeah. maybe this was a stupid idea. shh. shh. it's starting. all aboard. clover is so much smaller on tv. your smile is your ticket run and get your seat all aboard. it's clover and daisy's magic train it's clover and daisy's magic train, choochoo. oh, we're like family no ifs, ands or buts i like to sing i like to dance you wear enormous pairs of pants yes, ours is a strange but wonderful relationship. oh, please. all work and no play makes for a dullydully day sometimes it's great just to be silly to be willy, nilly and extra zapadilly zapadilly. it's kind of silly gordo, thanks for pushing us to come. yeah. i haven't had this much fun since since forever. that daisy still gets me. come on, daisy, pick a lucky number out of the hat already. well, you try working with a trunk. and the winner of the clover and daisy basket of fun is in seat number 26b. yay. that's me. that's me. that's me. i win. that's me. i won. i won. i'mi'm 26b. i'm lizzie mcguire. oh, congratulations. thanks a lot for winning. oh, please tell me she's here because she's a major fan, too. i'm sorry, sophie and ella. maybe lizzie will share her prize with you. kids. yeah. that's rightkids. we're here babysitting, too. for who, gordo and miranda. oh, my gosh, you'll never guess who are clover and daisy's number one fans. i'm we are so toast. burnt to a crisp. who wants to go backstage and get some autographs. i didn't sleep all weekend, stressing about this moment. i have such bags under my eyes i actually had to use concealer. oh, come hereyou didn't blend. all right, hillridge junior high here we goyour official laughingstocks. so, um, maybe we overestimated kate's influence. yeah, maybe she's not as popular and venomous as we make her out to be. maybe she didn't tell anyone. shh, here they come. morning, girls. hi, kate. got to go. come on. oh my gosh, this is so much worse than my nightmares. do you think we'll ever recover from this. never. look at the great picture someone left for me on my locker. gordo, will you get a grip. we're the fools. we are the babies that love clover and daisy. maybe you two are, but i couldn't care less. gordo, i've had enough of you and your positive attitude. there is nothing positive about this. please tell me i'm running a fever and have to be sent home. i have never been happier to hear the last bell. this is the end of the worst day of school ever. hurry up home or you'll miss clover and daisy. how did a day that ended just get worse. honey go away. come on, don't kick me out again. lizzie i get it. growing up can be very tough but it can also be great. it's inevitableall that responsibility and expectation and can i get under the covers with you. sure. there is no stopping my mom when she wants to have a hearttoheart. mom, can we move. everybody at school thinks i'm a big baby who needs a car seat to sit on the school bus. well i wonder what they would think of me if they knew that i like to snuggle up with my favorite stuffed animal from when i was a kid. you do. and my blankie. you know, clover and daisy are comforting and those kids at school, they might act old but that doesn't mean that they wouldn't like to snuggle up with their favorite toy, too. not kate. she now, if you step in here, we can view the amazing splurge of mildew. get out. mom, lizzie i thought this was my room. who are all these people. uh, i told youmy study group. these aren't the same kids from the other day. well, uh, that was history. this is science. okay, let's go. uh, this is a group and we're going to study. study group. now, remember, it's all about how you spin it. right. morning, ladies. lizzie. miranda. oh, you're playing dressup. isn't that adorable. uh, joke's on you, kate. this is the true us. yeah, we went to clover and daisy as part of our afterschool precollege program. you didn't know. yeah. isn't clover and daisy ridiculous. but we had to watch it because of, uh part of our thesis. yeah, we're studying sociology and child development. that sounds amazing. too bad i don't believe it. wave byebye. goochiegoo. you know what. i have a new plan. why don't we just transfer schools. oh, i was thinking of becoming an exchange student. you're just buying into their lame attitudes. oh, please, gordo. you cannot tell me that it didn't bother you that they put a pacifier in your gym locker. and threw a clover doll at my head. okay, none of that bothered you. okay, this doesn't leave the table. for a second it bothered me. frankly, our classmates should get lives. they're worrying about what i like and what i do. i never knew i was so important. that's a positive way of looking at it. or maybe they're just a little defensive because they wanted to see clover and daisy, too. it's the kiddie table. now, don't eat your strained peaches until you've finished your mashed peas. kate, will you get a life. grow up, miranda. no, sorry, gordo, it didn't work. when the weight of the world is on your trunk gordo, stop, please. i never want to hear a clover and daisy song again. show the world that you've got spunk say what you think, say you like pink stand up for what you believe. i like pink. i like pink and i'm standing up for it. lizzie, stop it. you're drawing attention to yourself and ethan craft is here. i don't care. you know what. i should not have worn a skirt today. it was just stupid. pants would've been so much easier. everybody. my fellow students. no climbing on the furniture. you get a timeout. okay, kate, that is enough. yes, i did go to see clover and daisy and you know what. i had a great time. i laughed, i cried, and i won an awesome gift basket and the only bad part about it was seeing kate there. you're telling me. aand it's not even that kate saw me there. it's that she wasn't listening to the words of clover and daisybe kind, be the special person that you are and and always share your cookies. we should listen to the message of clover and daisy and i know that you all love them. all work and no play makes for a dullydully day sometimes it's great just to be silly eright on, lizzie. and extra zapadilly everybody. sometimes it's great just to be silly to be willy, nilly and extra zapadilly sometimes it's great just to be silly let's be wiggy let's be loud make clover and daisy proud. whew, that worked. if it didn't, i was going to insist that mom and dad sell the house. did you order a pizza. no. is this the mcguire museum of dirt, stains and grime. what. we're here to see the big dust bunny at night. that's for me. that's for me. uh, it's my creative writing study group. i thought this was the dirt museum. what. "the most grime. "the ultimate in dirt. "thrill at the mildew. dare to smell some amazing odors. " "have your picture taken with the world's largest dust bunny". that's a dollar extra. it's just not clear on the flyer. that's it. i think you boys had better go home. whoa, whoa, whoa, mister. not so fast. "study group". you've been showing half the neighborhood the dirt in our house. everybody loves our dirt. where's the dust bunny. yeah. i'll never tell. no. no. no, not the vacuum. no. dusty. dusty. don't tell mom and ba don't tell mom and bad about this. "don't tell mom and bad". ow. hold on. ah. ah. ah. your smile is your ticket run and get your seat all aboard wait, wait, wait, wait. i got to collect myself, please. okay, cut, and this is serious business, and pour the milk, go. no, i can't do that. next stop. )