 ere, see friendsplus, what job could be easier.  professional spreadglueonyourfingertipsandpullitoff consultant.  what..  good day.  are you skeet.  hold on.  uh... yes.  okay...  are you interested in entering the exciting and glamorous world of fastfood service.  all: yes.  ah, excellent.  wait a minute...  exactly how old are you guys.  11. 17. 27.  copacetic.  well, then, let us proceed to the allimportant job interview.  okay, um, specsyou look like you've done some serious deepfrying in your day.  no... maybe... i don't have a problem.  awesome.  you shall be fry cook.  coolwhat about me, what can i be..  whoa. your extremely grating voice is perfect for yelling out orders.  you shall man the drivethrough window.  awesome.  and you... uh, sorry, dude, i'm afraid i can't use you.  what.  but i'm a geniusmy i.q. is practically off the charts.  he's wicked smart.  uh, dudes, scope that plaque.  carl: "employee of the month." and thusly, someone who knows a mcspanky man when he sees one.  but i'll tell you what, okay.  i'll start you on the register and see where it goes.  can you all start today.  yeah. now, about our pay...  minimum.  all: we'll take it.  what do you want for lunch.  oh, nothing for me.  i want to be really hungry for tomorrow's mucho carne fiesta at taco shack.  are you sure, honey.  remember what happened last year.  oh, don't worry, el sugar de booger, these days you don't even know your stomach's being pumped.  well, just don't cry if you miss the piata.  i'm not going to miss.  i've been practicing on jorge here.  check out my swing.   oh, hugh, be careful.   oh, dear...  i'll get you, my papiermch friend.  i know deep in your belly there are treats worth swinging at.   hugh.  where is he.  oh...   sheen: welcome to mcspanky's, home of the belly buster.  may i take your order.  we'll have one chicken bits and a purple flurp, one mcspanky burger, and i'll have a cheeseburger, fries and a vanilla shake.  give me a cow in an earthquake, a dancing albino with a heart condition and a baby in a ricksha.  comin' at ya.   whoa, you dudes are in the zone.  i'd better check on the slow guy.  jimmy: a double mcspanky with fries.  that'll be $6.53.  and $3.47's your change.  dude, you're supposed to push the buttons with the pictures of food on them.  don't need to, skeeti do the prices and tax in my head.  oh, okay, mr. magicman, i also did not hear you say, "big mcthankies from mcspanky's" to the customer.  well, frankly, it struck me as clichd.  how about, "don't let our food be denied you, put our polyunsaturated fats and triglycerides inside you".  i'll tell you what i think...  "no human brain can add three things, dude." "only the machine knows the tax, dude." hey, jimmy, isn't this the best.  i want to be a fry cook for the rest of my life.  give me a pilot on water skis with a flaming tepee, travelin'.  you got it.  skeet: picture of money... picture of money...  ha. got you.  big mcthankies from mcspanky's.  hey, dude, you missed a spot.  i got it.  it's just a little sodium chloride.  actually, dude, it's salt.  that's what i said, sodium chloride.  ah, dude... that would be salt.  if you don't know what salt is, maybe mop duty's too complicated for you.  what size are you, small.  yeah, why.  if you want cheap food with taste, put mcspanky's in your face.  if you want cheap food with taste...  am i buggin', or is that jimmy dressed as a hamburger.  libby... life is good.  : oh.  congratulations, putron.  when were you elected leader of the oneman dork parade.   aren't we all a bit too old for sophomoric namecalling.  jimmy's right, cindy.  call him by his real name... patty.  jobs like this are hard to come by.  really. i thought they were only medium rare.   i don't have to take this.  calm downyou'll pop your sesame seeds.  bye, jimmy.  irelishthis moment.   yeah, i'd like a deluxe mcspanky with a side of chili fries.  give me a clown with a harelip.  doing the tango or whacking the goose.  hold on.  you want a salad. yup.  he's packing light.   yeah.  dudes, i am way impressed.  if only your friend jimmy had your attitude and inteligentosity.   that's it, i'm out of here.  you're quitting..  but dude, you're the first guy who fit in the c i'm not quittingquite the opposite.  i intend to show you all what i am capable of.   where's he going.  i don't know.  hey, carl, give me a fat taxi driver.  you want a hamburger with peanut butter.  no, if jimmy's leaving, we'll need a ride home.   jimmy: easy, goddardit's just a giant mechanical scotsman's head.  but by tomorrow it'll be smarter than skeet.   come to think of it, it's smarter than skeet now.   welcome to mcspanky's.  dude, what did you do to the place.  i brought it into the 21st century.  but where are the dirt and germs we know and love.  gone. mcspanky's is now fully automated and completely hygienic.  permit me to demonstrate.  skeet, place your tongue on the scanner.  : all right, i'll play along.  aah...  "mcspanky burger with hot sauce, medium fries, small soda." hey, that's my breakfast of choice.  the computer determined your ideal order based on the configuration of your taste buds.  now titanium pistons begin pounding your burger to peak tenderness.  and it's instacooked using nanowave technology.  hydroponically grown tomatoes are harvested while you wait.  while your fries are boiled in the finest imported oils at precisely 250 degrees fahrenheit.  and there's your ordercompletely customized in 45 seconds flat.  mmm...delicioso.  i have seen the future, and it is awesome.  hey, jimmy, what's "c.s.".  customer satisfaction.  if customers are happy, satisfaction goes up.  if they aren't, it corrects the problem.  the main computer watches everything that happens in the restaurant through that lens.  because it's selfcorrecting, nothing can go wrong...  nothing can go wrong...  nothing can go wrong.  dhdh$h$hsj#ffw..]]]t=...'81y1y1y  guy trembley reporting from downtown retroville, where the new, automated mcspanky's has been attracting crowds with madetoorder meals just like mom used to makeif your mom was a giant, tonguescanning robot.  aah...  a burgerfriesandshakekabob.  just like back home.  a pineapple burger with local thousand island dressing.  it's like you're inside my head.  winifred, there's something very important that i want to ask you.  are you going to finish those fries.  mmm, oh, that's good, yeah, yeah.  ladies, there's an hour wait for a tableunless you're willing to sit in the utility closet.  but we know you.  oh, that's right.  i'm the leader of the oneman dork parade.  just because you work at the best place in town doesn't mean you aren't still a jerk.  come on, libby, we're leaving.  one for the utility closet, please.  make it two.  go on in, nissa.  brown shoes with a black belt.  i think not.  try the diner down the block.   the monkey's inyou, back of the line.   all right, we're just going to pop in, congratulate jimbo"hi, jimbo. bye, jimbo."then zoomitydoo to taco shack.  no.  oh, i get youwe'll drive past, honk congratulations on the horn in morse code.   no, hugh.  we're eating at mcspanky's to support jimmy.  and just what do you expect me to do with this piata stick.  don't answer that.  wheelbarrow of money coming through.  big wheelbarrow of unmarked bills, make way.  zippity pluto. are those today's profits.  this was in the tip jar.  we got a truck for the profits.  hi, mr. and mrs. neutron.  my goodness. you boys have turned this place into quite the hot spot.  yuphope you enjoy it.  um... hold up, mr. neutron.  what... i'm with her.  whoa, whoa, whoaback it up, chief.  hmm... yeah... nope, sorry, not feeling it.  what do you mean.  don't make me spell it out, mr. n., but your outfit just isn't saying mcspanky's to me.  oh, really.  well, maybe because it's too busy saying, "step aside, mr... sassymouth before i tell your parents." go aheadi turned them away two hours ago.  that's just terrible.  how could you...  hey, look, a famous movie star.  where. where.   what, i don't see anybody...  oh, i see him. hi.  no, that's not him.  excuse us, pardon us.  parents of the employee coming through.  mom, dad, what are you doing here.  we wanted to say how proud we are of you.  got to go, byebye. hugh, stay.  but it's so busy and one of my legs is shorter than the other one, so i can't stand in line long.  not a problem.  bon apptit.  uh, thanks, son.  how's customer satisfaction, skeet.  outstanding, little dude.  i guess i owe you an apology.  beneath your completely unimpressive exterior is one smart hombre.  hugh: i still don't see what the big deal is.  taco shack has a roving mariachi band that plays "la cucaracha" 300 times a day.  and taco shack's salad bar has 18 types of cheese.  and the waiters all have funny mustaches.  whoa, dude, the meter's heading south.  what's going on.  oh, and they have the best theme song.   taco shack, taco shack, you'll eat cheese until you yak    frijoles there are always black    and give a big piata whack.   dad, no.   taco, taco, taco shack.     gulp.  no...  it's burgergeddon.  everybody out.   what's happening, hugh.  who cares.. we're going to taco shack.  skeet, come on.  dude, i can't leavei'm employee of the month.  later.  i'm back from the bank.  hey, jimmy, is the restaurant supposed to be rising off the ground.  no.  bummer.  what's happening, jimmy..  the computer heard my dad say he prefers taco shack and it's correcting the problem.  both: oh...  oh.    oh, it's too horrible.  quick, honey, turn aroundi can still get the big 'n' cheesy at pizza clown.  jimmy: i think mcspanky's is destroying all its competition until it's the only restaurant in town.  we've got to stop it.  yeah.  does that mean no more tips.   not pizza clown, too..  hard left. we can still make it to the big pilgrim for a miles sandwich and a mochahontas.  hold on, i'll try to bring it down with my ion ray.  incoming.  no...  why, why, why.  well, that's the last fastfood place in town.  it'll land and i can rip out its programming.  what's it doing.  carl: it's headed for the supermarket.  oh, no. not satisfied with destroying restaurants, it's going to destroy any place that sells food.  i knew a fastfood restaurant that does it your way was just a crazy dream.  wait a minutecarl, that's it.  you mean, this is all a crazy dream.  yesbring on the dancing tubas.  no, i mean mcspanky's is programmed to please the customer.  we'll make it an order it can't refuse.  hey, yeah...  i don't get it.  goddard, goddard, meet me at foodomart right away.   i'm almost done rearranging goddard's taste buds.  this is just like the dentist's officeonly we're in the sky, jimmy's not a dentist and i'm not crying for my mommy... finished.  so, jimmy, how does rearranging goddard's taste buds help stop mcspanky's.  you'll see.  come on, guys, time to place an order.  for weeks we've searched space for a vessel worthy to take over the galaxy.  and that gets good gas mileage.  and has seats with good lumbar support for my lower back.  and trunk space for when we go for groceries.  i love groceries.  yes, those big, gallon water bottles really take up a lot...  would you be quiet..  as i was saying, our long search may finally pay off.  i think today may be our lucky day.  hey, mcspanky's, we're hungry.  okay, boy, just like we plannedstick out your tongue.  carl: four mcspanky deluxe burgers cooked at... 20,000 degrees fahrenheit.  a king arthur with a hip replacement on a bed of coals..  i arranged goddard's taste buds for a desire for incredibly hot food.  mcspanky's has to fill that order.  in that case, give me a mcspanky pie.  two, please.  jimmy: yes, there it goes.  carl: well, where's it going, jim.  to the only place that can attain that temperature.  salsa night at juanita's leche lounge.  nope, the sun.  driven to satisfy our order, mcspanky's will fly up to the sun and burn up in the intense heat.  if only it used its grill for good instead of evil.  yeah... you think we'll get paid for today.  gentlemen, welcome to our new craft.  whoa, all this technology, it looks so hot.  which is why we must find its captain and exploit his great wisdom.  this is the one we must find.   captioned by media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.or hpp8pbx xhpxw   (] pa8ix)xxx 8ipaxxx 8ipaxxx 8icxxx k8ixxxx  timmy is an average kid    that no one understands    mom and dad and vicky    always giving him commands   bed, twerp.   the doom and gloom up in his room    is broken instantly    by his magic little fish who grant his every wish    'cause in reality    they are his oddparents    fairly oddparents    wands and wings    floaty crowny things    oddparents, fairly oddparents    really mod, pea pod, buff bod, hot rod    obtuse, rubber goose, green moose, guava juice    giant snake, birthday cake, large fries, chocolate shake    oddparents, fairly oddparents    it flips your lid when you are the kid    with fairly oddparents   yeah, right.  captioning made possible bynickelodeon  saturday   saturday    saturday   saturday    saturday   a day that makes you feel alive and rarin' to go.  aah. old people.  ugh. we're exhausted.  poof had us up all night with his crying.  guess we're not as young as we used to be.  you can say that again, missy.  no seriously, say it again.  i'm kind of hard of hearing.   hey, you kids.  get away from my mule.   don't worry, guys.  saturday makes everything better.  dad: did you just say you wanted to wash my car.  no. great.  aah.  i want the stryker z cleaned, polished, and raccoonfree by five o'clock.  tonight's the classic car show at the cake n' bacon.  i'm taking your mom on a date so we can rekindle that spark of love we used to have before you came along.  i'd love to help you wash and restore your car.  there's just one problemi don't want to.  youthful rebellion, eh.  well, i'll top that with parental authority.  you better do it or else.  "or else" what.  touche.  or else i'll take away your skateboard.  here. it's old anyway.  eh, then i'll take away your video games.  yes.   go dad, go dad   beat them all anyway. here.  ooh, you're good at the "or else" game.  ok, then don't wash it.  you're too young to wash this big car anyway.  what. no, i'm not.  yes, you are.  only grownups can do jobs like this.  not little kids, like you, who are little and not old.  i'll show you who's a little kid.  i'll wash this car better than you ever could.  great. i win.  uh, what just happened.  reverse psychology just beat youthful rebellion.  dads rule.  00 and don't show fear. raccoons can smell fear.   go dad cake n' bacon    go dad   ooh. i hate reverse psychology.  look on the bright side, young fella.  at least, you've had your rabies shots.  what.  aagh.  this thing is a hunk o' junk and has a rusty old bumper to boot.  that's no way to talk to my wife.  there's only one thing to do at a time like this.  wish up a magic car wash that wouldn't just clean the car but actually make it brandnew again. )