 if sally likes rodeo heroes, she'll adore me on the bullerator 8000.  testing snort module.  who'd have thought i'd find an application for my electromagnet so soon.  all i need now is a pair of iron mesh underwear.  goddard.  and... i'd better bring some talcum powder.  hi there, sally.  fancy meeting y'all here.  um, i work here.  right.  well, uh, fancy meeting me all here.  you know what i forgot to mention yesterday.  i am actually a worldchampion bull rider.  well, how brave and exciting.  and what a coincidence.  huh.  your friends forgot they're worldchampion rodeo stars, too.  behold, it is i, ultraclown.   and i'm the pig punisher.  i'm agonna wrestle this here porker and feed his bacon to the crowd.  : not really.  you're on, sheen.  i'll tell my daddy to add you to the show, jimmy.   boy, you guys picked the tough ones.  apparently all i got to do is distract some kind of animal.  well, here goes.  i hope it's not a spider.  i hate spiders.    help. help, somebody.  save the clown.   man: what a clown.  psst, kid.  hold that thought.   you were saying.  he's a show biz bull.  he's part of the act.  really.   hey, big fellow.  i saw you here yesterday and you reminded me so much of...  here, i brought you some sugar.  oh, me and wheat germ, every night we'd come agalloping out.  i'd tip my hat and, oh, the people would clap.  maybe just one more time.  and now, folks, here's carl, the hogwrestling hercules.  now, be careful, piggy.  i know you can flatten a grown man with one swing of your mighty tail.  or is that alligators.   so you want a piece of me..   how does that feel there, hog.  oh, yeah.  how about some of this.    easy, boy, easy.  i can't.  i can't do it.   emcee: and now, folks, trying to stay atop 2,000 pounds of bucking, snorting pain, it's the retroville rough rider his self, jimmy neutron.  this one's for you, sally.   whoa. jumping jupiter.  yeow. yeow.  why, it's like he's aglued to that firespitting monster.   whoa...  jimmy, that was amazing.  how'd it feel.  if i'm elected miss america, i will try to bring honor to this tiara.  that was nothinganyone can ride these showbiz bulls.  get a load of this, salgal.  sheen, wait.  that's not your bull.  show time.   less pretending.  sit. sit.  jimmy, you're his only hope.  you'll have to get on back breaker and follow him.  back breaker.  he's the only horse fast enough.  uh, did i mention i have a science club meeting across town, so, uh...  someone's got to do something.  i'm acoming, sheen.  giddyup, pig.  whaa.   sweet muffins, a child in trouble.  heeya.  heeya. heeya.    help. stop this thing.  stop it.  sheen, jump on.  easy, back breaker.  whoa.  you're safe now.  whoops, not safe.  heeya. heeya.    i'm alive. i'm alive.  and did you see me rescue miss fowl.  whoa.  superhuman balance and courage, huh.  all he had was a supermagnet under his lying butt.   jimmy.  i am disappointed in you.  hey, what a coincidence.  i'm disappointed in me, too.  why don't we discuss our mutual disappointment over a purple flurp.  do you believe the nerve of some boys.  some boys.  how about all of them.  mmhmm, tell me about it.   i don't get it.  what did we do wrong.  maybe this is why we don't like girls.  piggly, wiggly, wiggly.  who needs them.  let's go to the candy bar, where we can drink purple flurp, belch the alphabet...  and fart under our arms like men.   like that. good one, carl.  actually, that was the pig.  i would have claimed it.  swirled.   did you see that.  over there.  what's happening.  whoa.   whoa.  with these new swirled charms, i can teleport.  new swirled lucky charms, part of a complete breakfast.  discover the magic...  of teleporting.  ] speed.  that's what the new superfast pullback racers are all about.  one in specially marked boxes,four in all.   gentlemen, i give you the "i can't believe it's not oil 9000." it puts garbage into a chamber and then mulches it into a cleanburning oil substitute.  see, i told you garbage could be mulched into a cleanburning oil substitute.  no, you didn't.  oh, maybe i didn't.     jimmy: it works.  jimbo, you weren't watching goddard.  i just caught him digging up lawn gnomes again.  what the.....   stay back.   hang on, dad.  that was a little too close.   and that's why cowboys are bowlegged.  willoughby: yoohoo, children.  just a reminder that the big school science fair is next week.  it's shaping up to be a real competition.  and, jimmy, when you win, please keep your acceptance speech short.  will do. thank you.  jimmy neutron,j'accuse.  principal willoughby, i submit that jimmy neutron is too smart to compete in the science fair.  wwhat.  you heard meit's totally illegal.  this is scandalousmy client is innocent.  ooh, a trial.  i've always wanted to be a judge.  and robesdon't get me started, okay.  well, miss fowl, call the court to order.  the case of vortex verses neutron is now in session.   cindy vortex, present your case.  thank you, your honor.  fellow classmates, i ask you, do you have the faintest hope of winning this year's science fair.  students: no.  and who do you think will win the fair.  students: jimmy.  why do you think that.  students: well, he's won the last three, and he's a total genius.  precisely, which is why i submit that this socalled sciencefair is anything but.  i object.  you're out of order.  no, you're out of order.  this court's out of order.  the soda machine in the gym is out of order.  cindy: your honor, this line represents the potential of kids who have never won a science fair, while this line shows the potential of those whohave.  to compete, i'm supposed to build the best stuff i can.  condemning the rest of us to lives of failure and desperation.  ladies and gentlemen of the jury, i submit that you have no choice but to ban this brain and ease our pain.  the prosecution rests.   defense, present your case.  huh.  oh...  sheen, call me as a witness.  that's just what they're expecting.  i call carl wheezer as a witness.  what.  mr. wheezer, state your name, please.  carl wheezer.  where were you on the night of the 16th..  i don't remember.  or you don't want to remember.  answer the question.  which question.  the question you dare not answer.  stop, stop.  i don't want to go to prison.  stripes make me look hippy.  this is a travesty of justice.  you're rightplus it's almost lunch time.  the court finds in favor of cindy vortex.  wwhat. why..  because her rhyme was so catchy.  "ban this brain and ease our pain"oh, i love that.  jimmy's out of the science faircase closed.  hey, jimbo, why so glum, sport.  they banned me from the school science fair.  really. what a coincidence.  i was banned from the science fair wheniwas your age.  they said burping the periodic table of elements: helium, oxygenwasn't real science.  they said the same thing about leeching once.  what's the point of being smart if you can't be the best.  hmm...   willoughby: thank you, thank you.  joining me in judging today's science fair contestants will be the candy bar's own stan melnick...  just buy something and get outyeah.  willoughby: and our very own gateway to hollywood, corky shimatzu.  youallsupersans.  willoughby: and i guess that's it.  ready or not, here we come.  isn't it heaven without neutron here, libby.  now i can totally wipe the floor with the competition.  well, that is...  unless you win with your highly cool invention of, um...  what is it, again.  a mood cd player.  it detects your mood by skin temperature, then chooses a cd to match it.  ooh, let me try.   you're my candy girl    looking so sweet in your...     "smash the power" by savage lunch.  sheen: meet f. scott iguana.  place him on the keyboard in full view of this juicy cricket and pretty soon his gnawing hunger will force him to write the great american novel.  gentlemen, and ladies, are you tired of spending hours in the kitchen mashing potatoes.  i knowiam.  well, those days are over, thanks to carl's mashomatic.  just place the spud in the hole...  shake up the flurp...  and let science do the rest.   neutron, why are you even here..  you were banned, remember.  i know.  i just couldn't stay away.  i miss the smells, the sounds...  the certainty of victory.  you keep your memories and i'll keep first prize.  now, get lost.  the judges are coming.   hey...  your circuit breakerjust let me...  get away.  i'm perfectly capable of fixing my own invention.  oh... okay, fix ithurry.   "sweatsock transmogrifier." super crazy.  how does it work.  cindy: um, old sweat socks go in here, and...   voil, they're combined into a new sweater.  now i can work my sweat socks back into my ensembleyeah.  well, judges, i think we know who's getting first prize this year.  congratulations, cindy.  thanks.  i thought victory would be sweet, but it feels all wrong.  what's the point of winning if i can't beat neutron.  you're saying you miss jimmy.  no, i don't miss him.   i'm missing you so bad...   oh, who asked you..  and so, first prize for this year's science fair goes to...  man : stop the judging.  which one of you is jimmy neutron, by kringle.  i am. who are you.  lars svenson from sweden.  and you've won this year's junior nobel prize for your "i can't believe it's not oil" machine.  i can explain, son.  you see, you were feeling so glum about not being in the science fair that i sent your idea to the nobel prize folks.  cindy: whoa, whoa.  hold up there, pally.  i don't see any of genius boy's inventions anywhere.  but it's right outside.  it is.  svenson: okay, jimmy, fire up that machine and make us all proud and tingly.     my...   i can't believe it's not oil.   isn't that super.  unfortunately, jimmy got the big booteroony from the fair, so the winner is...  bolbi: wait, wait.  bolbi make science, too.  you forget to be judging my instant mud hut maker.  mud and donkey dung go here...  bricks come out here.  now begins a portion of badness.       jimmy, hit the kill switch.  i can't.  if i let go of the mulching brake everyone will be turned into oil.  cindy, you've got to do something.  why. it's about time neutron took the fall for once.  but everyone will be mulched.  that's true.  oh, this is a real poser.  well, if willoughby's mulch, so is your trophy.  everyone, listen up.  grab your inventions and get back here on the double.  come on, move it, move it, move it.  carl, shoot a potato into the tailpipe.  sheen, throw your starving iguana at the control box.  right.  libby, fire all your cds at the containment chamber.  okay, we're clear.     "i can't believe it's not oil".  i can't believe you're not in jail.  well... this changes everything.  judges.   okay, first prize goes to everyone whose inventions helped stop jimmy's death machine.  carl, sheen and libby, come on down.   but, but, i gave them all positive direction.  i deserve to be rewarded, too.  you were, cindy.  you saved a lot of people from being crunched into lowcost fuel.  and isn't that the best reward of all.  don't worry, jimmy, i saw everything.  we'll see you in court.  don't make me habeas your corpus.  i ought to...   anyone seen an iguana.  @rxpxph @rxpxph @rxph @rxph @rxph @rxp @rg /@r @r @r (]0zhth8b0zhth8b0zht pgzx/hzhhzxhzxxxz hhxz xxzh pj 8b pj 8b pj 8b pj 8b(]pj 8b(]pj 8b(]hj ]hj ]k ]k 8bx]k 8bx]k(]k(]k(]k bhpp   fatherson day at the ballpark.  what could make this more perfect.   cheesedogs.   look, son, cheesedogs.   now it's perfect.   i'm glad we finally get to spend a day together, dad.   me too, timmy.  our fatherson bond is very important to me.  nothing but nothing should ever stand in the way of spending time with got to go.  time for my job as a rocket boot tester.   but i thought your job involvedwhat do you do again.   i have many jobs, timmy, so we can have enough money to really enjoy life, which we can't do because i'm so busy.  man, that's irony for you.  but don't worry. this dad doll will keep you company and dispense fatherly advice.   never look a badger directly in the eyes, timmy.  smack.   you and your cheesedogeating baseball mitt won't even know i'm gone.     these boots are faulty.   fatherson night at the movies.  what could be better than  got to go.  time for my other, other job as a canine attackdog dummy.   another job.   never poke a sleeping clown, timmy.  stle]   this suit is faulty.   i'm sure glad we never mind.    time for my shift as shark bait.  the dad doll can help you win the tugofwar, son.   don't tell your mother i borrowed her ham necklace.       these sharks work fine.     never use a carrot as a weapon, timmy.   moo.   so, dad, are you finally done working so we can go have fun.   not even close, son.  but you're always with me in spirit while i'm at my various jobs, 'cause i had your name tattooed on my ankle when you were born.   "bono".  ..that's what i wanted to name you, but your mother had other, more lame ideas, obviously.  and until you're old enough to support me, i have to make money.  that's what this cash cow is for.  if i feed it green paper, i can milk money ..  in theory.   moo.   whoa, that's not money.  too bad, 'cause dad dolls don't grow on trees, you know.   moo.  crash.     still faulty.   this stinks.   it sure does.  whew.  don't step in the muddy, wanda.   your dad's trying his best, timmy.  it's not like he can be in two places at once, you know.   two places at once.  wanda, that's it.  i wish i had a second dad.   well, off to my shift at the slingshot factory, son.   have a great day at work, dad, while i go kiteflying with dad number two.  whack.   here's my fatherly advice: let's go have fun.    uh, that slingshot was faulty.   okay, let's go.    hold on.  due to the faulty slingshot, your real dad is going to miss his shift as a matador.       wow, those elephants look mad.   now dad number two has to work.   sorry about that, sport.  but you can still fly us with the dad doll.   i love your duct tape necktie, dear.   never run with your underwear pulled over your eyes, timmy.   well, i'm mom, but thank you for the interesting advice.   never mind.   okay, this time i'm not taking any chances. )