 oh, another ball coming right at me.  why.  why..  here we go again.  yes.  today, i consider myself the luckiest boy on the face of the earth.  i don't believe it, but you're out, butch.  lucky catch.  luck had nothing to do with it.  three outs.   jimmy's team is up.  better duck, butch.  if you hit this ball, i'll eat my hat.   enjoy it, neutron.  that's the only hit your team's going to get.  hey, it's not bad.  i never thought i'd see it, but jimmy's team wins.   : jimmy. jimmy. jimmy.  jimmy. jimmy. jimmy.  we are so good.  we're scary good.  nobody can beat us.  cindy: look, guys, my cousin lent me his official, majorleague bat signed by tremendous jackson himself.  can i use it.  me, too.  no, you can't use that.  this stuff's been lucky for us.  changing now might jinx us.  rightthat's why i've been wearing the same underwear for the past six weeks.  all: eww....  if we want to keep winning, we keep using our old equipment.  willoughby: listen up.  i have an announcement: jimmy neutron and his team will be going to nagoya, japan, for the junior baseball world championships.   which just goes to show that even the worst, most untalented athletes can be greatifthey put their minds to it.  so...sayonara.  um... guys, i think there's something i should tell you...  me, too.  ii hate to admit it, neutron, but, um, we wouldn't have gotten this far without you.  yeah, for once and probably the only time in my life i'm a wieneri mean, winner.  see how new it is.  my lifelong dream has been to go to japan.  i can finally meet bonzilla.  so, jimmywhat was it that you were going to say.  um...  let's go to japan.   announcer: ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the championship game between the retroville nine and, from japan, the super dedicated work team.  oh, i can't believe we're here.  i don't know how we did it.  uh, yeah, neither do i.  boy, i love this sushi stuff, whatever it is.  well, those were sea urchin eggs.   oh, maybe just one more.  hey, my parents sent us brandnew, stateoftheart equipment to play with.  we can't use that stuff.  but it's shiny and it smells like victory.  i told you, we have to use our goodluck equipment.  oh, but these hennatinted gloves match my eyes.  no, i'm the captain of this team, and what i say goes.  we use the old equipment.  announcer: will you now give an honorable welcome to baseball legend tremendous jackson.   hey, mr. jackson, can i ask you a question.  sure thing, kid.  if ultralord was a baseball pitcher do you think you could get a home run off of him.  well, if he used his retroblast powers and proton ball like he did inultralord versus the gravity suckers, it'd be pretty hard.  thank you.  as i gaze upon these players' young faces, i am filled with pride.  they're here because of their hard work and patience and long hours of practice, not because of any hightech gloves or automatic homerunhitting bats.  those things would make us all sick and ashamed.  i thank you.  uh, guys, an emergency meeting.  huddle up.  "huddle up".  that's football.  or is it rugby, or luge.  okay, look, i have to tell you something.  i knew it. i'm really mike piazza, aren't i.  no, sheen, listen.  we haven't really been winning the games.  i neutronized our bat and gloves so they'd hit and catch everything that came our way.  neutron. how could you do something like that.  i'm sorry, i gus i hated losing so much that i got carried away.  we'll just have to use different equipment.  but we can'treally play these kids.  they'll murder us.  maybe they won't.  what do you mean, jim.  don't you see.  we didn't used to be a team, but now we are, and if we believe in our hearts and minds that wearethe best team, well, maybe we canbethe best team.  now, who wants to go out there and win this game..   somewhere in the ritridian galaxy, ultralord weeps.  so what do we do now.  there's only one thing we can do.  that's bonzilla.  what a ripoff.  he's only ten inches high.  he's a pipsqueak.  he couldn't hurt a...   jimmy...  what's the japanese word for "ambulance".     jimmy: i don't know, guys.  $15 is a lot of money.  well, doombringer ii is a lot of game, jim.  sheen: now, rememberit's for mature players only, so act even more maturerer than we usually do.  i'll try and grow a mustache.   my dad's over 18.  i'll act like him.  : well, howdy there, clerky clerkotron.  beat it, kids.  this game's for mature players only due to violence, exaggerated mayhem and old lady kicking.  : that's not fair.  we're highly mature.  i demand my constipational rights.   sheen: how dare he throw your father out of the store.  oh, come on, guys.  let's go do something "ageappropriate." hey, you.  check it out.  i'm staring at it with both eyes, and you can't stop me.   i stand corrected.   i wish i could be 18 years old right now.  hmm, i suppose theoretically a person could accelerate his metabolism to make himself 18, but it would be highly unethical.  you mean the only thing standing between us and hot multiplayer action is the difference between right and wrong.  well, yeah, but guys...  whoa.   so, um... how's it work.  allow me to demonstrate using this acorn.  carl: oh, i get it.  now we just get the tree to rent the game for us.  don't be stupid, carl.  first we teach it to drive, in case they ask for a photo id.  no, guys, we use the metabolic accelerator to age ourselves.  target age: 18.  ready.  on the count of three.  one, two...  please let me still like llamas.  three.  wow.  it's cool being old.  behold my manful stride.  uh, jimmy, we all look the same.  hmm, that's strange.  then again, humans are more complex than acorns.  which one of you guys wants to help me comb my back hair.  or not.  okay, well, maybe we should call it a day, guys.  i'm sure i'll be able to figure out the problem after a good night's sleep.     hmm.       jimmy, is that you wayover there.  guys, something went horribly wrong.  oh, geez, do you think.  and another thingthese kids today wear their pants too low.  they're down under their stomachs, for crying out loud.  maybe i shouldn't have made the allimportant time brake out of a soda can.  fix us, jimmy.  i don't want to be this old for 50 more years.  well, you won't have to, carl.  according to my calculations, we'll continue to age until we turn to dust at 6:03 this evening.  but i'm allergic to dust.  well, don't panic.  i just need to get ahold of enough titanium to make a stronger time brake.  carl: jimmy, are you sure your mom wants us to driver her car.  well, i'm at least 75 years old.  i think i can make my own decisions.  hey, i know what you're doing.  you're trying to take me to the nursing home.  let me out.  let me out.  carl: sheen, careful.  this car's going in excess of seven miles an hour.   you know, when i was a kid, the sky was bluer and a quarter would buy you groceries for a week.  aw, gas planet.  does anyone remember what we drove down here to get.  well, i'd like a canary to talk to while i watch tv and eat soup.  hah.  titaniumthat's it.  i think jimmy wants us to follow him.  yeah.  of course i've always wanted to try the senior's buffet at the candy bar.  right behind you, my wrinkled friend.   wait, proud senior, we will assist you.  cindyoh, no.  come on, he doesn't look interested.  libby, do you want to earn your buttercup girls helpfulness badge or not.  take my arm, extremely old but still valuable senior citizen.  i don't need your girlie help.  yeah, you do.  i do not.  listen,pops,we can do this the easy way or we can earn our tae kwon do badges at the same time.  let go of me, you harpies.  i'll have the law on you.  help.  i'm being oldnapped.   hey, oldilocks, what's the big idea, you and your bingo buddy taking all the rice pudding from the buffet.  it says seniors eat dessert free.  you're supposed to buy an entree first.  we did.  i had a hamburger in here yesterday.   oh, my spleen.  now, what was it i wanted.  something starting with a "t." tostadas, turpentine.  well, hey, oldtimer.  i like the way you're wearing your pants.  i've been thinking of wearing mine more like that, maybe growing out my nose hair a little bit.  you look familiar.  oh, no, i'm just a strange old man, not your son after screwing up an experiment.   i know.  you remind me ofmyfather, except you're not always saying, "huey, i told you, toothpaste isn't food." not possible.  i don't have any family.  what.  oh, well, that'sterrible.  come on.  come with me, i'll get you a nice homecooked meal.  bbut i can't.  i have to buy something with a "t." i'll get you a nice cup of tea.  let go. come on.  i said, let me go.  hey, look.  mr. neutron is trying to get a helpfulness badge.  and i thought we were aggressive.   sheen, quit snapping your fingers.  i can't hear the music.  that's not my fingers, it's my spine.   hey, goodlooking.   want to get jiggy with me.  oh, no thanks, old lady.  i'm full of pudding, so...  hey, punk, you making time with my gal.  no.  what if he is, rumpledfaceskin.  uh, i wasn't.  i don't even like girls yet.  i challenge you to a danceoff.  he accepts.  what.  no, i don't.  all: danceoff.  danceoff.  danceoff.  dancoff.  danceoff.   here's your dinner.  i put it in the blender first so the chewing doesn't tire you out.  so what did you do before you retired, oldtimer.  i can't even remember what i'm supposed to be doing now, but i think it's real important.  well, you know, maybe if we guess, it'll jog your memory.  let's see.  did it involve swinging heavy things.  nno, i don't think so.  well, that eliminates lumberjack and executioner.  i wish jimmy would come in from the lab.  his dinner's getting cold.  oh, hugh, remind me to take the pie out at 6:03.  6:03.  oh, no, that's it.  i'm going to turn to dust in five minutes.  oh, now don't say that.  these days doctors can keep a person alive waypast their usefulness.  no, listen to me.  i'm your son, jimmy, and if i don't get out of here, i'm going to keep aging until i turn to dust.  : sure, you will, oldtimer.  i've got to get that thing that starts with a "t." a toaster.  no.  turkey bacon.  no.  okay, byebye, now.   i can't wait until i'm so old that i babble like that.  babble, babble, babble.  it's going to be great.   hey, jimmy.  sheen, we need something in the next two minutes or we all turn to dust.  if it's rice pudding, we're in luck.  carl won a lifetime supply at a dance contest.  yeah.  oh, and this titanium trophy.  titanium.  that's it.  follow me, and hurry.  jimmy: one minute left.  quick, hand me the trophy.  and you are....  hopefully this titanium will be a more stable time brake as we try to revert to our original ages.   through the beam, quickly.  how about a nap first to build up my strength.  no.  sheen, help me out here.   332i've got bingo.  guys, look, half price on prunewhip.  half price.  what are we doing here.   my bursitis.  get off my bunion.  move, you old coot.  carl: who are you calling an old coot.  jimmy: well, if the corrective shoe fits.  i'm coming, prune whip.  well, i certainly learned my lesson.  yep, it's really truerice pudding is nature's gruel.  uh... actually, i meant that being a kid is a pretty good deal.  you got that right, brother.  carl, what are you eating.  just some prune whip from your lab.  carl, there wasn't any prune whip.  that's my experimental truthtelling serum.  oh, jimmy, that's ridic...  i stole jimmy's toast the other day.  sometimes i dream about girls.  maybe we'd better go.  ultralord doesn't exists.  lalala... i don't want to hear it.  my mom's really 42.  i just ripped...  make him stop.  captioning sponsored by the u.s. department of education ] whoa...  today's special...  the absofruitalicioustaste of two colors in every puff.  rasporangey orange.  a fruitly symphony.  lemony green, tasty with a twist.  and berry, berry, blueee.  silly rabbit, trix are for kids.   trix swirls the...absofruitalicious...   part of a good breakfast.  hello. hello.  whoa. oh, no.  wh get, get away.  ahhh.  greetings, friend.  i'm iq, collector of rare and valuable objects.  this, for instance, absolutely priceless.  i need to find my friends.  would you settle for dust bunnies.  you can pet them.  fluffy. puffy.  they never listen.  goldfish crackers.  always baked and made with real cheese.  . the snack thatsmiles back .  goldfish.   timmy is an average kid    that no one understands    mom and dad and vicky always giving him commands   om    is broken instantly    by his magic little fish who grant his every wish    'cause in reality    they are his oddparents    fairly oddparents   wands and wings.  floaty crowny things.   oddparents, fairly oddparents    really mod, pea pod, buff bod, hot rod   obtuse, rubber goose, green moose, guava juice, giant snake, birthday cake, large fries, chocolate shake.   oddparents, fairly oddparents    it flips your lidwhen you are the kid    with fairly oddparents   yeah, right.  hey, kids, and really immature adults.  i'm licking the popcorn so i don't have to share it.   do you know what time it is.  both: it's time for thesleazy and cheezyshow.  ..  apocalypse meow.  slam. clang.  slam. clang. ow.  slam. clang. ow.  this show is so funny.  clang.  you laugh until you get double vision.  cool. timmy has two tvs.  slap.    slam.  shing.   it's time for cheezy's signature move: he'll blow his whistle, and some randomly heavy object will fall on sleazy. )