 jimmy neutron, party monster.  hugh : jimbo.  dad.  hugh: bad news.  one of the actors inducksbroke his wing, so i jumped on stage to fill in and, well, i kind of, sort of, i, uh, accidentally...  he destroyed the entire set.  it could've happened to anybody.  anyways, we'll be home in about five minutes.  see you soon, son.  five minutesno.  what's the matter, jimmy.  nothingeverything's perfect.  good, because i am dancing till i can't dance no more.   ah, that's great.  i mean, no, it's not.  estimate parental unit arrival time.  watch: t minus four minutes 12 seconds.  okay, that was fun.  wish you could stay, but i understand.  thanks for coming, bye.  we're not leaving the party.  it finally got good, hmm.  you can't kick me out.  i'm... i'm me.  carl: don't stop me, jimmy.  i've got feet of flames.  oh, what am i going to do.  think, think.   you're a duck all the way.   by speeding up time within the confines of my house using my time accelerator, they can have their party and leave it, too.    girl: what's going on.   cool party, neutron.   for once, you did something right.   it was great, even though i never got a little weenie.  let me know when you're having another party, jimmy.  oh, will do, betty.   ah.  hi, honey.  how was your evening.  did you throw a wild party.  what.  just kidding.  goddard, activate lightspeed clean up.   looking good.  judy: we certainly have a wonderful sonso responsible and trustworthy.  you couldn't leave most boys his age alone like that.  no, you couldn't.  but then, jimbo's not most boys.  he's one in a million.  he sure is.  say, i'm going to hang up my jacket and then i'm going to say more nice things about jimmy.  uh, sugar booger, how long have we had a raptor in the closet.   judy: james isaac neutron.  jimmy: i can fix that... i hope.  hugh: bad dinosaur, bad.  that's it, out of the house.  ow. ow.  i'm glad you're extinct.  you're mean.  sheen: i'm telling you, bologna is made by tiny bologna elves.  and i'm telling you, bologna grows on mighty bologna trees.  does not.  does, too.   jimmy:  hi, guys.  oh, no.  goddard's eaten jimmy.  jimmy: not quitei'm on the lab speakerphone.  i want you to get your favorite video games and come over.  i've got an invention you'll love, and it...   how'd you get here so quick.  i had a copy ofultra lord versus robofiend mega battle in my pocket.  and you carry that around all the time.  oh, i don't need to.  i can stop whenever i want.  i don't have a problem.  not today, you don't.  how would you, sheen, like to fight side by side with ultra lord, live and in person.   jimmy.  i love you.  behold the glory that is...  the neutronic game pyramid.  ooh, pointy.  it actually deconstructs your particles and inserts you into your favorite video game.  so as soon as carl gets here...  sheen: no, no.  i want to fight side by side with ultra lord now.  every moment i'm not fighting side by side with ultra lord is tearing me apart.  okay, okay, okay.  insert the game, then stand on the transference pad.  oh, one more thing.  this pyramid is only a prototype, so in order to exit the game, you have to win.  so just to be on the safe side, i'll start you out on level 1.  as ultra lord said in episode 62, "love, valor, ultra lord." fractalize me.      awesomei'm actually on the ultra planetoid.  ultra lo: greetings, lifeform.  i'm about to engage robofiend in pitched combat.  would you like to be my battle buddy.  bbbattle buddy. mme.  answer quickly.  my ultra senses tell me that robofiend is approaching.  at last.  my long years of watching tv have paid f.  let evil tremble, for none can withstand the awesome might that is ultra lord and his new battle buddyultra sheen..    okay, that couldhave gone better.  jimmy:oh, sheen.  now he's trapped in there. oh, well...  i'm sure he can't possibly lose twice on level 1.  sheen : hey, look at me.  i'm headgrowingoutoftheground man.  or maybe i'd better give him a hand.   hey, what happened.  i'm free.  that's because i pressed "reset." i couldn't let you get stuck in here.  sorry, jimmy.  seeing ultra lord in all his shining glory distracted me so.  ultra lord: greetings, lifeforms.  i'm about to engage robofiend in pitched combat.  would you like to be my battle buddies.  he always says that.  get ready, jimmy.  robofiend's about to get ultra whipped.  carl: my favorite video game.  oh, no, no, no, it's too much pressure.  ninja llamas in space.no.  llama versus megadingo.  : of course.  llamapalooza.  oh, i love you most of all.    prepare to taste photons, cosmic avengers.  okay, sheen, here's the plan...  jimmy, please.  may i remind you this is level 1.       he's all yours, encased crusader.  hey, robofid.  hold this for me.    oh, sheen, that was awesome.  the scent of victory is pungent.   : or is that just me.   hey, jimmy, the lab door was open, so i came right in and... oh, wow.  it'srobofiend mega battle featuring jimmy and sheen.  this must be the surprise jimmy had.  hey, jimmy, where are you.  can i play your new game.  i guess he went to the "little inventor's" room.  well, i'm sure he won't mind.  level 1.  come on, that's for babies...  let's try level 7.    but, but, but... i don't get it.  we won the game.  we should have exited already.  greetings, lifeforms.  i'm about to engage robofiend in pitched combat.  would you like to be my battle buddies.  leapin' leptonsthe game has reset itself.  ultra lord: answer quickly.  my ultra senses tell me that robofiend is approaching.  no problemo.  i can kick robofiend's level 1 butt all day long.    : or not.  taste magma, cosmic avengers.    jimmy, something's wrong.  robofiend doesn't get a magma cannon until level 5.  someone must have raised the game level, but who.  both: carl.  jimmy: carl, stopit's not a game.  we're really in danger.  wow, the characters know my name...  talk about interactive.  hmm, i wonder if this game has the robofiend atomic breath feature.      jimmy : atomic breath.  : gross.   ultra lord: behind me, battle buddies.  don't worry, jimmy.  we're okay as long as ultra lord's shields hold.  hmm, those shields look kind of strong.  i'd better drain them.      that's going to leave an ultra bruise.   ultra lord.  no....  oh, yeah, i'm bad.  : i defeated ultra lord..  : and yet... i feel strangely empty inside.  maybe it's because this game doesn't have any llamas.  it's all my fault.  i'm a baaaad battle buddy.  if only we had more power.  you'd have to capture an ultra crystal to get a mega level power boost.  ultra crystalsof course.  okay, sheen, can you distract robofiend for me.  leave it to me, battle buddy.  sheen: hey, roboloser.  is that the rotting carcass of a rigilian mold bat i smell.  or is that just your robofunk.      if i were a game programmer, where would i hide an ultra crystal.      of course.  it's always under the stalagmites.   sheencatch.  i got it, i got it.   fool.  you are helpless before one who now and forever shall be known as...  mega robofiend.  you might think about counseling.  i'm picking up some selfesteem issues and it's...  ah,llamapalooza.    robofiend: now face the fury of my optiblasts.   what the....   sheen, where are we.  ride, carl.  ride like the wind.  there must be another ultra crystal around here someplace.    yes.  sheen.  heads up.    power coursing through my cuticles.  power enough to transform ultra sheen into...  mega ultra sheen.   our power is too evenly matched.  good thing i know your one true weakness.  : no.  yes.  the european director's cut ofultra lord,episode 317 reveals that his archenemy robofiend is...  lactoseintolerant.  taste llama milk, star destroyer.  no, i'm allergic.  don't.    well done, battle buddies.  join me again next time in the neverending battle against evil.    phew.  there's no way i'm ever, ever playing that game again till next week.  well, i guess my prototype needs a little more work.  it's a good thing you came through with those llamas, carl.  you know, we, we... carl.  jimmy, look.  carl: llamapalooza.  llamapalooza, yay.   we've got to get him out right away.  maybe we'll let him stay there till after lunch.  okay. got any bologna.  carl: llamapalooza.   hey.  ng sptioning  they never got very far    walls up made sure i guarded my heart    and i promised    i wouldn't do this    til i knew it was right for me    but no one  no one    no guy that i met before    could make me  make me    feel so right and secure    and have you noticed    i lose my focus    and the world around me disappears    'cause when i'm kissing you my senses come alive    almost like the puzzle piece i've been tryna find    falls right into place you're all that it takes    my doubts fade away when i'm kissing you    when i'm kissing you    it all starts making sense    and all the questions i've been asking in my head    like are you the one    should i really trust    crystal clear it becomes when i'm kissing you    i've never felt nothing like this    you're making me open up    no point even tryna find this    'cause when i'm kissing you my senses come alive   (] @ " 8:" 00x. @hhz  with a superpowered mind, a mechanical canine     he rescues the day from sure destruction   help.   this is the theme song     for jimmy neutron.      captioning sponsored by the u.s. dent and nickelodeon   there's nothing like a cool, crisp, refreshing swim.  oh, winifred.  you're like some sunbaked, spraydrenched goddess, yeah.   i feel like i'm 58 again.    wini.  where are you.  wini..      carl, stop screaming.  the meeting hasn't even started yet.  sorry, jimmy, but the very idea of a lake monster fills me with terror.  but, carl, lake monsters are part of the glorious dance of life.  there is no lake monster.  this meeting's probably been called to dispel the rumors.  my good friends, as mayor of retroville i refuse to let some hideous mosssucking lake monster destroy our tourist industry.  that's why i've commissioned local videographers cindy vortex and libby folfax to present evidence at these hearings.  ladies.  thank you, mr. mayor.  lights.  six months ago, giant reptilian footprints began appearing along the shores of lake retroville.  libby: since then, dozens of eyewitnesses including the recently rescued miss fowl and sam reported encounters with a mysterious underwater behemoth.  ladies and gentlemen, i give you the lake monster.     boy, you've got to be kiddingthat's no lake monster.  it looks more like a log or a big sturgeon.  i say it's a lake monster.  and i say your brain is as fuzzy as your photographs.  this lake monster is nothing more than an anecdotal confabulation.  that sounds serious.  fellow retrovillians, i am offering all the money in our monstercapturing fundthat is a whopping $73.86to anyone who can trap this beast.  $73.86. i could buy a new cyclotron with that.  mr. mayor, what if i can prove that the lake monster doesn'texist.  well, i could transfer the money to the "provethemonsterdoesn'texist" fund.  done.  carl, sheento the lake.   you going to keep doing that.  i'm sorry, jim.  i just have some bad associations with this lake.  everyone has something they're afraid of, carl.  for me it's the crawl space under grandma's house.  for you it's a stupid lake.  what happened here, carl.  well, two years ago i came here with my pet turtle, snappy.  carl: he was my best friend, but i was allergic to him.  so i had to release him right here on this beach.  and ever since, the lake has filled me with feelings of nausea, blind terror, and then more nausea.  well, don't worry, carl.  this won't take long.  a few quick scans of the lake is all i'll need to prove that this lake monster is a big fraud.  fraud, be it, eh, chief.  carl: red pirate..  no, no, carl, this is captain betty.  i chartered his boat e can look for the creature.  i seen the monster with me own eyes50 feet it was from beak to tail.  eyes black as pitch, like a doll's eyes.  you mean "action figures." so you say you've actually seen the monster.  aye, chief, and he give methis as a souvenir.   wow. hey, jimmy, can we get prosthetic limbs after the monster attacks us.  there is no monster.  and even if we do find something, i've got more than enough equipment to deal with...   gadgets go in the water.  you go in with the gadgets.  our monster.  wait, who goes in the water.  you do.  why'd the monster go in with the gadgets.  the monster goes in with the water.  our monster.  argh, enough with the flibiddyjibber.  we'd best get all this fancy gear onboard me boat.   captain betty's cool.  he's like the scurvy, liceridden uncle i never had.  well, guys, are you ready to hit the lake.   ready.  sonar scan of grid 797 completedstill no monster.  rabbit goes in the hole, does a back flip, comes out of the hole, starts hacking up phlegm, runs around a tree, passes out.  i did it, captain betty.  i tied my very first doublehitched, jointstemmed bow line.  oh, nicely done, laddy buck.  i like the cut of your jib.  that is why i made you this.  wow.  a genuine scrimshaw peashooterawesome.  notice how the turtle bone's shaved wafer thin.  i love you, captain betty.  grid 798 complete.  another pass and i think we're done here.  are you out of your mind.  listen, you fancytalking little maguppy.  you're wasting captain betty's time with this junk.  say, captain, i've been wondering.  why are you "betty".   thereby hangs a tale.  i was on me maiden voyage, i washarvested sea monkeys for a local mail order company.  we took a hit to port.  i staggered to me feet and was greeted by a maw the size of hoboken.  the monster cracked open )