 a hideous 1950s hairdo.  no psycho robot could replace you, mom.  there's no way i could program all your love, careand amazing ability to forgive meinto a chip.  ow.  although i think i captured rope tying pretty good.  maternotron, as your creator, i demand you let her go.  don't yell at your mother, young man.  nobody wags their finger at my boy.   mom, break into my lab.  if the security system doesn't kill you, bring back the disabler.  i don't need the labnot as long as i have my utility closet.  you're out of cleaning implements.  oh... am i.  a .300caliber molecular blasting ray.  for those tough, groundin stains.  wha...  : your... your... clean clothes...  are... are... in the... dryer... dryer...    way to go, mom.  nobody punishes jimmy neutron.  oh, i wouldn't say that.  pick it up, boys.  i've got three more days of spa coming.  carl: um, sheen.  what did you put for question 319.  "c. lure the tiger away from jimmy by imitating a chicken strip." hmm. works for me.  brook thinks it's a message from gilbert.  he must be near by.   swim for it.   huh. ohh.  ooh. ohh.  ha ha ha.  you are slimed.  flavor blasted goldfish crackers.  always baked and really cheesy.  . the snack that smiles back .  goldfish.  jimmy: today is the single greatest day in the history of the universe.  pluto is aligning with neptune causing space snow flurries to create galactic icestals which keep ice cream at the perfect eating temperature.  yes.  cold but not so cold you get brain freeze.  this alignment only happens every 2,000 years.  commence countdown: five... four... three... two...  judy: james isaac neutron.   where do you think you're going, young man.  here's your list of saturday chores.  "mail letter at post office.  "sit with grandma in the park.  "pick up dad's badminton shoes.  drop off a pie at school." and "take a book to cindy vortex's mother"..  but, mom, i can't do that.  i have to get into space now.  chores first, space travel later.  goddardoptions.  too expensive.  i don't have time.  yes.  we'll have to do it megafast.  no time to set specifics.  commence cloning at super speed.  hi, everybody.  isn't it a super, amazing, great day.  : you call this a great day.  i should have stayed in bed.  : ah, but romance is in the air, eh.  it is a beautiful day to fall in love, n'estce pas.  : hey, everybody, it's great to be here.  hey, have you seen that cindy vortex.  talk about the wicked witch of the elementary.  hey, these are the jokes, folkscome on, laugh with me  who's up for some football, huh.  : nice place, kid.  you know, i could have some serious fun with this stuff.  hmm, the speed of the cloning gave each of them a solitary, distinct personality.  i should probably do a risk assessment.  nahi've got galactic ice crystals to get.  here's the list of chores, gentlemen.   hey, you heard the mando your chores, boys.  but i've never mailed a letter.  what if i get my hand stuck in the box.  hey, turn that frown upside down, mr. my gus everything's going to be terrific.  mais oui.  love is all around us.  hey. let's do it to it.  and away... we go.  hello, grandmother dear.  where have you been.  this bench is too hard.  these birds are getting too close.  the sun hurts my eyes.  isn't it a beautiful day.  aren't these birds absolutely amazing.  isn't it great to be alive.  carl: oh, hi, jimmy.  i have to do a report on snails or napoleon.  can you help me.  what's the point of doing homework.  we do it and then what.  poofwe're gone.  nothingness, emptiness.  we're all just dust in the wind.  okay, i don't want to be dust in the wind.  he shoots, he scores.  neutron is definitely on.  looking good.  you the man, you the man.  hey, it's the nickster.  neutron.  what are you doing.  i'm walking here.  you got a problem with that, skateboard boy.  uh, "skateboard boy".  whoa, check it outneutron has the moves.   well, how about next time you get a board that can handle the neutron style.  later, nickorama.  good boy, goddard.  galactic ice crystal harvesting proceeding as planned.  and down on earth, the clones are performing my chores.  retroville, we have no problems.  sheen: i am ultralord, and i will swing my mighty bat of combat.  you can't catch me. yes, i can.  hey, jimmy, want to see my new action figure.  does robin hood wear pantyhose.  hey, why did ultralord cover himself with mayonnaise.  he wanted to make a hero sandwich.  helloanybody in there.  paging mr. sheen.  the village called.  they want their idiot back.  are you okay, jimmy.  because you seem really weird.  i'm weird..  : come on.   what do you want, neutron.  to return a book and to drink in your beauty, miss vortex.  very funny.  i jest not.  shall i compare thee to a summer's day.  noeven shakespeare seems inadequate to describe your perfection.  cut it out, neutron, before i barf.  ah, ah, ahbut before that, would you favor me with a kiss.  is he for real.  and what's with the bad french accent.    oh, cindy, i love you,    more than albert einstein's theory of relativity    oh, cindy,ma cherie, oh, my little cindy    would you please come and kiss me.   wait, why you are sleeping.  hey, buddy, you want a pie.  yeah.   you can't beat the classics.  mmm... i'll say.  mission accomplished: space crystals acquired.  clones should be arriving in t minus one minute.  everything going exactly as...  what..   calm down, folks.  just tell me, what did the jimster do.  he busted my skateboard, dude.  he said i was going to be dust in the wind.  he made me smile and my dentures fell out.  he mocked ultralord's family.  he made my heart sing and...  i mean, he said things to me so vile and despicable i cannot repeat them in mixed company.  and he threw a pie in my face.   you can't beat the classics.   i'm sure jimmy had a good reason for doing all these admittedly strange, bizarre things, so...  who wants pie.    i'm good.  oh, no, it was the clones.  i got to find them so i can explain everything.  goddard, locate clones.  i had the most scrumptious day with my most wonderful grandmama.  i fell in love with a beautiful mademoiselle.  i did some cool moves on a dude's skateboard, but it couldn't take my awesome power.  you know what i'm saying.  jimmy: there you are.  clones: hi, jimmy.  follow me back to my house so i can explain to everybody...  one, two, three, four, five...  we're short one clone.  we've got to find him, now.  it's that evil one.  he's so bad he makes attila the hun look like bambi.  we'll never find himwe're doomed.  hey, i'll find him and take him down all by myself with my bare handslook out.  jimmy: he's close...  he's very close.  there.      well, well, well...  if it isn't jimmy, jimmy, jimmy, jimmy, goddard and jimmy.  you're going back to the lab and i'm going to declone you.  i don't think so, kid.  i like being out in the big, bad world.  stop that person who looks just like me.  get him.  i'm not evil jimmy.  he's evil jimmy.  he's just trying to confuse you.  that's absurd and reeks of mendacity.  i'm the genuine and indisputable jimmy.  can't you tell by my sophisticated vocabulary.  are we playing a game.  i absolutely adore games.  i hate games.  wait, wait, don't you see.  he's trying to trick you by pretending to be the real jimmy.  trust me.  i'm the real jimmy.  would i lie to you.   guys, stop.  wait a minute.  think, think, think.  brain blast.  i have to sacrifice the ice crystals.  goddard, let's cool these clones down.  that's all, folks.  adieu, mon ami.  parting is such sweet...  whoo, that is cold.  yo, give me your best shot, punk.  oh, this is how it endsas ice cubes.  i've always wanted to be frozen.  this is a dream come true.  aw, there goes my perfect ice cream.  at least i can get these clones back to...  wait a minuteone, two, three, four, five...  we're missing one. hiya, handsome.  listen, you don't mind if i borrow this, do you.  i mean, come on, we're practically related, right.   got to blast.  carl: there he is.  sheen: get him.  let's teach him a lesson.  wait, everyone.  oh, i can explain.  and that's how it all happened.  hmm, genetic replicants manifesting mutant side effects, eh.  as long as you got rid of all the clones.  one jimmy neutron in the world is bad enough, but six is blech.  uh, dude, you did catch all of them, didn't you.  uh... who would like some pie at my house.  uh, okay.  evil jimmy: here's jimmy.   all: neutron...  so, uh, i take it that means no pie.   pie man: get him.  grandma: rip off his head.  nsored by the ent ofti i wish my birthday were every month.  thday extravaganza.  happy birthday.  one lucky winner will get a birthday gift every month for an entire year.   happy birthday.  look inside any specially marked danimalsto see if you've won or with yourparents' permission go to danimals.comfor free means of entry.  plus a partyat your place with dylan and cole.  let's getthis party started.  many will enter,one will win.  danimalicious.  danimals. get your blast on.  mzmzmz oxjh(]zhzxhzxzhtxc0zxzxhtxc0z xtxchz htxchz xhtxcz(]txc0 txc0 txc0   pc0  pc0  pc0  pc0 hxsp pc0 8xsp pc0 8xsp pc0 8xsp pc0 8xsp pc0 8xsp pc0 8xsp pc0 8x@ pch(]@ps sp(]sp(]sp(]sp(]s s sx sx sx hsh phx0sh phx0hphx0h p0hx p0hh8pp0hh8pp0hh8pp0hh8pp0h h8pp0hh8pp0h 8pp0hx8pp0 hhsp0ph hhsxp8 hhshp hhshp hhshp hhshp hshp hshp zshp zshp zshp zshp zshp zshp zshp got to blast.   into the stars, goin' by candy bar's    rides a kid with a knack for invention     with a superpowered mind, a mechanical canine     he rescues the day from sure destruction   help.   this is the theme song     for jimmy neutron.      sheen: macbeth in space.  this is going to be the greatest school play ever because it's in space and it's about macbeth.  uh, who's macbeth.  i don't know.  some guy with a girl's last name.  principal willoughby wrote it was somebody named shakespeare.  isn't he the custodian.  libby, this could be my big break.  a talent scout might come to e play, see me and put me in my own tv show.  and i'm going to marry smally bigbig and live in his house in beverly hills.  uh, that's nice.  : bolbi be in play.  bolbi act good.  bolbi to be our not to be...  bolbi, sit down.  what part are you going to try out for, jim.  i'm not.  school plays are just excuses for kids to make fools of themselves.  macbeth in space.  it sounds silly, ridiculous, and...  the most beautiful thing in the world.  hey, jimmy, trying out for the play.  i'm going to try out for lady macbeth.  see you.   ugh, yuck.  there's a kissing scene between macbeth and lady macbeth.  out of my way.  i've got to be in this play.  falling.  jimmy: to prepare for my audition, i've researched shakespeare, scottish kings and downloaded the keanu reeves advanced acting course.  : well... is this a laser sword i see before me.  oh, that was very...  oh, that was stinkoroony, jimbo.  open up a window.  hugh.  but luckily i can help you.  i used to tread the boards back in the day.  i'll give you some good acting tips.  now, you might want to write this down, son.  when you want to act mad, do this:  now, if you want to act happywhich is different than madgo like this:  now, if an anvil drops on your head, you'd go, uh...  : there's an anvil on my head.  ow, it hurts.  and that's pretty much all there is in acting.  hugh, where are you going.  i have no idea.  okay, here we go with the auditions, people.  let them hear you in the cheap seats.  will all the great oceans of mars wash this space creature's mucous clean from my hand.  lady macbeth.  ladies and gentlemen, we have found our macbeth.  principal willoughby, that's not fair.  what about the others.  but nick is...  oh, all right.  next.  i'll be reading for lady macbeth.  ladies and gentlemen, we've found our lady macbeth.  she hasn't even read yet.  my great glamis of the galaxy, let one kiss upon your lips speed you to victory.  ladies and gentlemen, i've found my lady macbeth.  uh... sorry.   louder.   louder.  um... uh...  carl wheezer, you cannot be in the play if we can't hear you.  you are wasting our time...  : it's not my fault.  i didn't even want to do this.  mymomforced me.  she said it would be good for my selfesteem.  ladies and gentlemen, our first witch.  thank you.  louder.  since the part of lady macbeth is still available, i'll take it.  i'll need a big dressing room, and when you send flowers i prefer longstemmed roses, thorns removed...  willoughby: we've found our second witch.   okay, there's witch number three.  ng.  it's this macbeth dude, right.  i want to be him.  over my dead body.  sheen, i see you more as soldier number five.  what.  a lousy soldier.  no way, forget it.  i'm out of here.  he gets to carry a laser spear.  laser spear.  for the love of ultralord, please let me be soldier number five.  i'm reading for the part of macbeth.  : a spaceship, a spaceship, my kingdom for a spaceship.  well, he's no genius at acting.  yeah... thanks, jimmy.  don't quit your day job.  we will now announce...  wait, wait.  you forget bolbi.  i act, i act good.   all right, bolbi, give it a try.  okay.  : life's but a walking shadow, a poor player that struts and frets his hour upon the stage it is a tale told by an idiot full of sound and fury, signifying nothing.   yeah, sorry, don't see it.  so we've got our witches, nick is macbeth, betty is lady macbeth, sheen's a spear carrier and bolbi is rangoon, the space pirate.  is role i born to play.  i'm sorry you didn't get a part, jimmy.  no big deal, i don't care, i didn't really want to be in the play.  you got to put me in this play.  i'll do anything.  even... stage crew.  boy: principal willoughby.  what do you think of my flying machine for the witches.  ow.   oh... maybe i should sell tickets instead.  jimmy, can you make outer space appear on stage and create fantastic visual effects all on a budget of $17.  do it, jimmy.  you could make some really cool stuff.  principal willoughby, you found yourself a stage crew.  this will impress betty better than some stupid part.  i'm going to make the most amazing special effects the world has ever seen.  hi, betty.  do you want to see my neutronic storminator.  it can create rain, thunder and lightning.  sure, jimmy.  time for the romantic love scene with macbeth.  oh, i'll see you later, jimmy.  whee.  jimmy, these hover shoes are totally cool.  i love being a witch.  p.w.you know these lines "bubble, bubble, toil and trouble". )