 that's not the princess.  jimmy: that's...  all: professor calamitous.  thank you, jimmy.  phase one of my doomsday plan is now complete.  phase two... hasn't really been worked out yet, but i'm confident that it will be very, very evil.  a force fieldwe're trapped.  don't worry, jimmy.  i've got the princess.  you're safe with us, my darling.  isn't it beautiful.  i tried using more common crystals to power it, but they all caused catastrophic meltdowns.  meltdowns from common crystals.  uh, jimmy.  not now, carl.  i can still cancel out his force field with my null generator.  but, but...  stand back, everyone.  jimmy, no.  carl, what have you done.   well done, carl.  when i rule the earth, you shall receive a charming gift basket.  and now it's... doomsday.  drat.  perhaps i should he given phase two more thought.  i'll get you, jimmy neutron...  i was trying to tell you before, jimmy.  i think i got mixed up and left the real jade egg back at the museum.  and the replica egg caused a meltdown.  carl, your stroke of stupidity has saved us all.  yup.  just one last piece of business to take care of: who wants the last lemon chewy.  anyone. anyone.  come on, it's lemony.  come on, carl, show me what you got.   ow.  hugh: okay.  suncheck.  birdscheck.  kids playingcheck.  yes, sir, looks like everything's hunkydory in the world of hugh neutron.  sweet leaping...  crabgrass.  the defiler of beloved lawns everywhere.  my response must be swift and brutal.  wheezer: hey, neutron.  just trimming the old hedges before they start throwing off pollen.  i'm going to need my lawnlopper back.  gee, i gave that thing back weeks ago.  you must have forgot.  forgot about my lawnlopper 300 prodeluxe as seen on tv..  i don't think so.  it's probably in your garage.  why don't you check.  it's probably inyourgarage.  i already told you, i gave it back, you wingding.  and i'm telling you you didn't, toolhog.  cheesebrain.  sneezejockey.  noodlehead.  just because my lawn is lush and silky while yours is limp and hard to manage...  what.. there's nothing wrong with my lawn.  oh, please.  dandelions, gopher holes, and these tacky ceramic lawn kittiesplease.  oh, yeah..  well, what about your stupid lawn ducks.  they're the laughingstock of the entire neighborhood.  no, you put that down right now.  hey, look at mequack, quack, quack.  i'm a stupid lawn duckquack, quack...  whoops.  sir quacksalot.    oopsy.  that is the last straw, wheezer.    from this point on, we are mortal enemies.  well, that goes double for me.  jimmy, send carl home.  from now on we'll have nothing to do with him or anyone named wheezer or anyone who's ever wheezed.  but, dad, carl's my best friend.  wheezer: not anymore.  come on, carl.  from now on the wheezers and the neutrons are sworn nemesises.  you mean "nemeses." don't correct our ignorant enemy, son.  now, into the house.  the air out here is thick with the stench of wheezers.  bye, jimmyi'll never forget you.  don't worry, carl, a feud can't last forever.  jimmy to carl, jimmy to carl.  are you receiving me.  sure thing, jimmy.  i'm ready for our game of holographic startoad.  have at you, then.  aha. i knew it.  carl, i have nothing against you personally, but this is a wheezerfree home now.  bye, jimmy.  dad, this isn't fair.  now, son, i know this is hard, but you'll make other friendsnonwheezer friends.  but i want to hang out with carl.  and sooner or later i'll invent a way to get around this feud.  hey, thanks for reminding me.  ow.  ow.  mom, i can't live like this.  you've got to do something.  way ahead of you, sweetie.  fathers can be such sillyheads.  that's why i baked a brambleberry pie as a peace offering to the wheezers.  of course, no one can stay angry when they're eating one of your pies.  they've never failed yet.  i'll have this ridiculous feud straightened out in no time.  good ol' mom.  if anyone can get this mess back to normal, it's her.   sheen, what were you doing in there.  i'm here to bring you and carl back together through my "reach out and touch a friend" program.  what is that.  well, for just four bucks a month i'll secretly deliver messages between you and carl.  he's already selected a raptheme greeting for an additional three cents a word.     "dear jimmy, how are you.    "what's up, what's new.    "look, our dads won't listen    "it's you i've been missin'    and it makes me sad and blue, fool."   please respondyour friend, carl." four bucks, please.  look, sheen, this isn't necessary.  my mom's over at carl's patching up the feud right now.  wheezer: oh, sweet heaven.   oh, somebody, get my back, get my back.   you knew my husband was allergic to brambleberry pie.  you're just a dupe for that hateful husband of yours.  "hateful". you take that back.  never, allergygiver.  venonspitter.  shewitch.  hagwoman.   jimmy, i don't want you ever to mention the word "carl" again.   sheen, can you arrange a meeting with carl.  you're in luck, jimmy.  i'm having a special this month on supersecret meetings.  may i suggest a mexican bandito theme.  hi, jimmy.  carl, please.  we have to do this by the book.  oh, sorry.  hola, seor cactus, qu tal.  look, can we just get on with this.  whatever, it's your money.  it's really good to see you, carl.  do you have the components i need.  sure, jimmy.  here's the perpetual motion gyro top you gave me last year.  and here's the nonsucking, hydraulic loopy straw you gave me.  greatmy dad thinks he's cut me off from technology, but he forgot about goddard.  by combining these with extra parts from goddard, i'll devise a choloroplastic crabgrass excelerator.  jimmy, our dads hate crabgrass.  exactly.  faced with an outbreak of crabgrass, they'll have to forget their feud to save their lawns.  this ought to do the trick.  after all, science has never let us down before.  what about when science almost made that meteor hit us.  and the time science blocked out the sun and nearly...  okay, okayscience almost usually never lets us down.  ready guys.  wait.  there's something we got to get settled.  okay, for contacting carl, that'll be $3.75, delivering the message in spanish, six pesos.  so, carry the one...  come on.  okay, guys, here we go.   holly jumping catfish.   great stinking bananas.  oh, this is all your fault, wheezer.  oh, nothe crabgrass started on your lawn, neutron.  i guess this neighborhood just can't have nice things.  you're both wasting time.  the only way to fight an infestation this big is for you to work together.  never. no lawn is worth that.  i'd rather be dipped in pickle juice and thrown to rabid weasels.  ditto.  goodbye, old friend.  avenge you i will.  drat.  wedgied by science again.  no.  i can't let my friendship with jimmy end like this.  carl, what are you doing.  don't.  we need more crabgrass...  more.    you've started a mutagenic growth cycle and it's out of control.   sugarbooger, we need pruning power, pronto.  mother. get the weed spray.  back, vicious vine of death.     take that, and this.  and that, and more of this.     jimjim.  carl.     thank goodness you boys are all right.  mom, does this mean that the feud is over.  and carl and i can be friends again.  well, the wheezers and the neutrons may have their differences...  but we'll just have to learn to get past them for the sake of the children.  you betcha.  i agree one hundred percent.  just as soon as wheezer admits that he took my lawnlopper.  i did not.  stupidhead.  moronface.  mucusmonkey.  duck lover.  "duck lover"..   okay, okay.  i just remembered.  sam at the candy bar paid me to send a message to mr. neutron and he's chosen a festive polka theme.   thanks for lending me your lawnlopper    yodelahee, yodelahee, yodelaheehoo    i'll return it in the next few days    yodelahee, yodelahee, yodelhoo.   that'll be four bucks, please.  all: sheen...  we could discuss a preferred customer discount.   captioning sponsored by nickelodeon @z30j0xz30jbhj3p20jb30 m0j30 mh30j8m03 jxopjxopjxopjxoxoxoxoxoxo x p p k k k k k k k k 8k 8k pk hk hk pk pk pk pk pk p0k p0k phk pk pk pk pk pk pk pk pk pk pk pk pk p 8kp 8kp 8kp 8kp 8kp 8kp h  timmy is an average kid    that no one understands    mom and dad and vicky always giving him commands   bed, twerp.    the doom and gloom up in his room    is broken instantly    by his magic little fish who grant his every wish    'cause in reality    they are his oddparents    fairly oddparents   wands and wings.  floaty crowny things.    oddparents, fairly oddparents    really mod, pea pod, buff bod, hot rod   obtuse, rubber goose, green moose, guava juice, giant snake, birthday cake, large fries, chocolate shake.    oddparents, fairly oddparents    it flips your lidwhen you are the kid    with fairly oddparents   yeah, right.    at last.  the official start of the greatest day ever.  my birthday.   happy birthday, timmy.   it's a great day to celebratemoi.  it's also the day that crocker plans his annual surprise attack.  oh, yeah.  i wish his garage would collapse.  at last.  i've finally developed the ultimate fairycatchinggah.  okay, guys, what's the dizzle on this special occasion.  we start with a backyard carnival, entertainmentchip skylark is confirmedmove on to presents, then the world's biggest birthday cake topped by juandissimo.  feliz cumpleaos to my gorgeous self.  hahahaha.  hey, timmy, look how estupido i am.  how did timmy get on top of the cake.  a bad impression of me.  well, i admit it is not perfect.  but check out the big poofydientes.   no. check out poof's impression of me.  show him, poof.    i admit defeat.  here's a picture of me instead.  but i'm astaying for the party.  you throw amazing parties for someone who is never invited to any.  oh, yeah.  and this year's birthday bash is gonna rock.  i was eavesdropping and couldn't help but overhear you say it was your birthday.  allow me to give you my present.  ping.   hello, there, special children.  i'm film star and handsome narrator adam west.  as we know, fairy godparents are assigned to kids in need of help.  and according to the rules, when each kid reaches that certain older age, ..   forever.   my fairies.  not loving this present.  wait. it gets better.   this video is full of tips on how to deal with having your best friends and any memory of them ripped away.  it'll help when you grow into a bitter adult with that nagging feeling something's missing in your life.  i'm a bitter adult with something missing in my life.  gah.  so happy birthday.  and here's to losing your fairies.    ah.  great present. i love the ending.  what. i'm losing my fairies.  how long does he have.  what is today. saturday.  one, two, threetoday.   today..  we will do the extraction right after your party.  now, where's the ice cream.  i want to get my dairy on.  uh, there is no party today, 'cause it's not my birthday.   doodoodoodoo   poof.  poof. poof.  poof.  awww.  i know it's your birthday because i have it written down in my "ruin a kid's life" ataglance planner.  yipe.  gulp. paper cut.  i don't see anything here that proves it's my birthday.  and since there's no proof, you can't take my fairies.  ..  i can sniff out a birthday party better than anyone.   right now, i smell one at tommy toetingle's house.  he is losing his fairies, and he's a big crier.  it should be fun.  but i'll be back.  okay, guys, party's cancelled.  i don't want presents. i don't want cake.  and i don't want jorgen taking you guys away.  but what if your parents throw you a party.  don't panic.  my parents forget my birthday every year.  there's no way they're throwing me a party.   oh, timmy.  can you help us with this party stuff.  is it time to panic now.  dah.   ding.   ding.  uh, yep. ahhhhhhhh.  i can't let jorgen see any signs of a party.  hi, timmy.  guess what wewe can't have cake in this house.   why not.  ..of...pie lovers.  you know how they hate cake.  do you want a riot on your hands.  now, quick, get out of here before the pie lovers show up.  i think i hear them coming.  ehhhh.  pie people are scary people.  they're frostinghating freaks.    okay, what's next.  poof.  aha.  my cake detector just went crazy.  and where there is cake, there is birthday.  huh.  no cake here.   just us very sexy godkids.  don't try to distract me with that latin accent and that new buff bod, turner.  it's your birthday, and i cannot be fooled.  poof.   now, that's what i call timmy impersonating teamwork.  by the way, the nio needs a diaper change.  one. dos.  here's your balloons, little buddy.  pkew. pkew. pkew. pkew.   not the reaction i usually get, but all right.  the big bounce house is here too.  not for long.     poof.  aha.  my bounce house detector is off the chart.  and bounce houses mean birthday party.       turner, i didn't know you danced the tango.   are you going to talk or dance.  how do you talk without moving your lips.  it's kind of creepy.  ole.  ah.  oof.  okay, cake, balloons, moon bounce, all gonzo.  party entertainment.  ..  detour man.   can't fly.      my work here is done.  detour man, away.  oof.  still can't fly.   at last.  i've repaired the garage, and it's the perfect time to launch my secret birthday fairynapping attack.     crash.   tada.  thanks for breaking my fall.  gah.  i will never lose my fairies.   oh, what now.   wait. stop.   what do you want, kid.  i'm late for the turner party.  precisely why i stopped you.  i just wanted to let you know that the turner party has been moved to this location.  and go heavy on the seltzer.  hmm, a french circus party truck.  clearly an attempt by turner to distract me.  no matter.    my birthday basher will not only destroy turner's party but will give me the ultimate present: his fairies.  ha. nothing can stop me.  happy birthday.   yah. eee. ooh.  clowns are not funny. )