 all aboard for egypt.  did you guys know i'm related to cleopatra.  no. why don't you tell us for ten millionth time.  i'm related to the guy that invented baseball.  wow. really.  oh, wait, did i say baseball.  i meant sprayon eyebrows.  light speed to egypt.  this better not be like the time you took us to the center of the earth and all we found was hot dirt.  oh, come on, guys.  this is going to be a great adventure.  we're going to find the lost tomb of queen howsaboutislapya.  wow.  that cloud kind of reminds me of swimmy.  uh, carl, get a new pet.  like a pit bull or a wolverine or a friendly little alien from another planet you can display like a freak and exploit for a million dollars.  did you take your medicine this morning.  maybe.  ladies and gentlemen, this is your pilot.  prepare for landing.  egypt: land of the pharaohs, land of the great river nile.  land of this place stinks.  where's the mall.  and this dry air is definitely not doing this girl's skin any favors.  does anybody know where the little sheik's room is.  swimmy would have loved it here.  don't worry, guys.  i'll be locating the lost tomb in no timequicker than you can say, tutankhamen.  jimmy...  i've been saying "tutvanhalen" for three hours.  can i stop now.  way to go, neutron.  you haven't found anything.  i'd rather be in school.  i don't understand it.  i can't seem to find the lost tomb.  duh. that's why they call it the "lost tomb," not the hereitis tomb: "come inside and have a milkshake." oh, swimmy loved milkshakes.  let's go home.  i need to apply some emergency skin care products.  and so ends another chapter of the boring and stupid adventures of jimmy neutron.  but, guys, we're here in an exotic, distant, foreign land.  we might as well have some fun.  fun.  yeah, right.  let's have a party in this beautiful spot.  party.  uh, jimmy... where's the bathroom.  all i see is sand, and i'm not a cat.  sand...  yeah.   wwhat's the matter with jimmy.  he's got desert fever.  curse you, cruel desert.  you've taken another victim in your sandy clutches.  we must put him out of his misery.  how.  there's only one way.   let's have an egyptian beach party.  i'm in.   always be prepared for any eventuality.  all my life i've wanted to go to an authentic egyptian beach party.   grab your mummies and your daddies    surf sarcophagus and obelisk, too   chorus: obelisk, too, now, your obelisk, too   we're going to party really hearty    just like cleopatra used to do, now   ooh, wop, bopbop   we're going to do the funky pyramid    and dance until the break of day, now   gonna dance, gonna dance all day   we're gonna surf, surf, surf    till the pharaoh takes our surfboards away, now   aah... ah   egyptian beach party   egyptian beach party   shake it loose on the nile   egyptian beach party   egyptian beach party   egyptian beach party   we can make the sphinx smile   ooh... party   two camels for every sheik...    ooh...  bow, bow, bow   ooh...  bow, bow, bow   ooh...  bow, bow, bow   ooh...  bow, bow, bow   ooh...  bow, bow, bow   ooh...  bow, bow, bow   ooh...  bow, bow, bow   ooh...  bow, bow, bow   ooh...  bow, bow, bow   ooh...    jimmy... what's happening.  the increased air friction has created a highintensity displacement of the ground covering...  cut to the chase.  sandstorm.   is everybody all right.  uh, jimmy, i've got sand in a very uncomfortable place.  okay, neutron, once again you blew it big time.   hey, jumblehead, i'm yelling at you.  pay attention.  what are you looking at.  the entrance to the lost tomb of the queen howsaboutislapya.  you think there's a bathroom in there.  jimmy: we shall now enter the lost tomb and see what has been unseen for 3,000 years.  shouldn't we, like, call national geographic or harvard.  or harrison ford.  oh, no.  i'm not going in there.  there's no steps, there's no handrail, there's no souvenir shop.  uhuh, i'm staying out here.  okay, carl, you stay and keep watch in case a marauding band of bloodthirsty grave robbers shows up.   wait for me.  okay, are things going to, like, jump out at us and... and scare us.    no, carl, everything in here is dead.  oh, that's good, 'cause...  dead things.  uh, i'm allergic to dead things.  don't worry, carl.  nothing's going to hurt you.   i don't believe it.  it can't be.  but it is.  it's...  jimmy: it's queen howsaboutislapya.  smoking. i'd be her king in a retroville minute.  she looks just like...  me.  libby: no.  me.  sheen: wow, libby.  maybe she's your greatgreatgreat greatgreat...    greatgreatgreat grandmother.  i'm royalty.  oh, boy, here we go.  "queen libby's in the house." hey... maybe this whole place belongs to me.  i could turn it into a hot little dance club/restaurant/ boutique/water park...  carl: hey, jimmy.  somebody wrote on the walls.  they're going to get in trouble.  no, no, carl.  those are hieroglyphics: the ancient egyptian art of picture writing.  heyi saw this inultra lord versus the mutant pusspitting mummy.  i can read this stuff.  yeah, right.  sheen: "the queen flew "on the wings of an eagle.  "she had a vcr, but wanted a dvd "and the gods sent munchkins to hypnotize her waterskis," "so she took her peanut butter sandwich for a walk.  the end." wow, sheen.  that was amazing.  oh, boy. oh, boy.  excuse me.  my watch has a sanskrittoenglish translator with a rosetta stone upgrade.  the queen was only 18 when she died.  why must the good die young..  "whosoever disturbs my resting place "shall endure eternal punishment "and pain shall erupt from every pore, and their screams shall be heard down the centuries..." get to the point, doofus of arabia.  it's just a silly curse, and there's no such thing as curses.  oh, so they're like the loch ness monster and north dakota.   hey, guysi think i found the bathroom.  it smells like a bathroom.  i wish i had one of those deodorizer things you hang in the car from the mirror.  lemon or strawberry.  thanks, carl.  hey. why do you carry those around with you.  'cause.  follow me.  oh, i bet something really bad's going to happen.  with nerdtron leading the way, it's a pretty safe bet.  man : up and two and feel the burn.  principal willoughby: yes, i feel the burn.  oh, baby, do i feel the burn.  man: come on. oh, yeah.  wait a minute.  we don't have a tanning salon.  i, for one, am deeply disappointed.  it's just a big, empty room.  jimmy: well, the pyramid designers sometimes built hundreds of empty chambers to confuse grave robbers.  so they'd wander aimlessly for days, until they...  you got ten seconds to get us out of here.  guys... i'm kind of tired.  can we take a nap.  sheen: a nap.  come on, carl.  why don't we burp you and change your diaper while we're at it.  hey.  where's carl.  help.   oh, man.  this is hard.  and those mimes make it look soeasy.  there must be a secret button.  or maybe a password opens it.  no problem.  open sesame.  abracadabra.  mickamickahi, micka heinieheinieho.  shamalama dingdong.   karma, karma chameleon...   awopwopaloowop, awopbamboom.  well, that's all i got.  okay, um, i don't like it in here.   snakes.  man : a desert full of sand, stretching as far as the eye could see...  miss fowl, some of your students have gone awol.  i'll get to the bottom of this if it takes me the rest...  man : sand, sand and more sand.  so much sand, you really wouldn't believe it.   sheen: carl, we're coming to get you.  don't worry, you'll be fine.  he's history, huh.  jimmy: spice jars.  if we can gather up enough kaffir lime leaves and dry mustard powder, i can ignite them and blow the door open.  where do you learn all this stuff.  that i learned at the library.  oh.  and the library is a....  okay, nice snakes.  pretty snakes.  um, go away, please.  yyou don't want to bite me with your long, sharp fangs and inject poison into my bloodstream.   : thanks, guys.  i thought i was going to be snake food.  okay, this field trip is over.  how are you going to get us out of here, mr. tour guide.  we don't want to get out of here.  okay, jimmy's lost it.  i elect myself leader.  everybody start crying and yelling.  jimmy: no, guys.  look.  jimmy: the queen's burial chamber.  get ready to see a real, live mummy.  sheen: hey, jimmy.  was the queen going to have a garage sale.  the egyptians believed in an afterlife, so they preserved their bodies and buried them with their furniture, jewelry, pets...   man, those ancient egyptians were a bunch of whack jobs.   but in case they're right, bury me with my ultra lord collection.  well, guys, this was fun.   okay, let's all leave in a quiet and orderly fashion before we see something really scary, like...  mummies.    jimmy: shhstand still.  i'll find my torch.  cindy: ow. that's not your torch.  jimmy: sorry.  carl: hey, jimmy.  i still got your electrolife thingy that makes a light.   found it.  now lets take a look at those mummies.   jjimmy, the mummies are looking atus.  impossible.  libby: they're moving.  i did it.  yeah.  my electrolife works.  i can bring the dead back to life.  all right.  you trampled all over the laws of nature.  way to go.  yeah, terrific.  now a bunch of dead guys wrapped in toilet paper are going to kill us.  um, guys, i suggest we...  : run.   jimmy... next time you invite me anywhere, remind me to say no.  let's hope there is a next time.   hey. guys.  i'm related to your queen.  ah. oh, wait. no.    here.  jimmy: we can hide.   ow.  so, this is how it ends.  playing hideandgetkilled in a tomb in egypt.  why must the good die young..  they're coming this way.  everybody stay quiet.  uh, jimmy, now would be a real good time for one of your brain blasts.  think... think.  libby: she looks just like...  me.  no. me.  brain blast.  libby, quick, i need you.  oh, why, jimmy, this is so sudden.  hey, what's going on.  it's the desert love curse working its evil ways on jimmy's heart.  libby, you look like the queen.  if you pretend to be her, maybe the mummies will obey your commands.  that's the stupidest, most idiotic idea i've ever heard.  but i love doing makeovers.  let's do it.  let me do her hair.  let me do her hair.  i got nails.   stop.  halt.  yo, dead guys.  your queen orders you to cool it.    now, i'm your queen.  bow down to my queenly queenliness.   oh, greatyou stopped the mummies, but you've created a new monster.  let me hear you say, "yeah." all: yeah.  say, "oh, yeah." all: oh, yeah.  "uhhuh, uhhuh." all: uhhuh, uhhuh.  now raise the roof and shake your booty.   uh, libby, i know you're having a moment, but we do have a situation here.  right, right, rightsorry.  i command you to sleep for five...  all: ten.  ten trillion more years.   libby: sleep tight, don't let the scarab bugs bite.  carl, give me the electrolife.  why, jimmy.  some things should not see the light of day.  for who am i, a mere mortal, to alter the very laws of mortality.  good thing we're in a tomb, because you're boring us to death.  sheen: i found the bathroom.   ow.  sheen: why must the good get hit on their heads.  sheen: farewell, cruel desert.  carl: don't forget to write.  you know, i think i'm down with this new look.  i'm going to keep it.  so do we have to address you as "queen libby" from now on.   no, "your mighty fine royal fabulousness" will do.  jimmy: mach speed to retroville.  man : and the nile continued to flow on and on and on and on and on and on and on...  miss fowl, we're back.  carl. carl. carl. carl.  what..  where have you children been.  i want the truth.  and i'll have none of this "tanning salon" business.  sheen: uh, did i say we were going to the tanning salon.  i meant, uh... uh, the bathroom.  oh, well...  all right then.  in egyptand libby got to be a queen, and mummies chased us and we discovered a lost tomb...  leaving school without permissionthat's ten demerits.   and for discovering a lost tomb...  extra recess all this week.   whoohoo.  hey, jim, i just thought of something.  if your electro thingy worked on the mummies, maybe it worked on swimmy.  well, i hate to admit it, but i guess that was a pretty cool adventure, neutron.  aw, thanks, cindy.  but i bet the next one stinks.  well, who says i'm going to invite you.  well, who says i'd even go.  who says i'd want you to go.  cindy: i wouldn't go.  jimmy: i wouldn't let you go.   swimmy, swimmy, swimmy    swimmy, swimmy, swimmy, little swimmy, little swimmy.   captioning sponsored by the u.s. departmtion educati charms, mmm...   did you see that.  whoa wait.  over there.  what.  whoa, ahh where'd he go, what's happening.  wahoo, wow, whoa with these new swirled charms, i can teleport get him.  whoa, where'd he go.  new swirledlucky charms, part of a completebreakfast.  discover the magicallydelicious power...  of telaporting.  .xxgxwxhzpbxjxh2xw#hpxp8#jx xhp# xhp#@xhpx #xhpx @ppxhpx @(] (] (]  with a superpowered mind, a mechanical canine     he rescues the day from sure destruction   help.   this is the theme song     for jimmy neutron.      jimmy: microspace, the final frontierbillions of particles pulsing like a pandimensional chalupa, and it's all right here in my trusty jar of unstable molecules.   mmm...  fresh from the accelerator.  uh, miss fowl, i have a question.  who cares..  yeah, you're cutting into our personal time.  put a sock in it, sheharpies.  i'm doing this to help us understand science.  i've even prepared a demonstration of the strong and weak nuclear forces.  i am the weak force.  but i'm learning to be more assertive.  help us,please.  actually, jimmy, i was going to skip that new chapter.  it has a lot of big words which could damage the selfesteem of our lessadvanced students.   what.. but that chapter's vital to our comprehension of an everexpanding omniverse.  big wordsthey hurt.  they hurt.  well, we could study the new science chapter...  or we could make macaroni sculptures.   sleep with the fishes, stupid hat.  i'm going to make a rigatoni llama.  but guys, moleculessee how shiny.  look at them bounce.  i've had enough of you.  give me that stupid jar.  don't shake it.  unstable molecules are highly...  unstable.   my rigatoni, no.   big moleculesthey hurt.  they hurt.  stay calm.  they'll lose energy pretty quickly.  there's nothing to worry...   leaping leptons...   i actually enjoyed jimmy's demonstration.  yeah, neutron, let's do this again real soon.   i wonder if they made einstein do macaroni sculpture.  it's so frustrating.  if elementary school keeps holding me back like this, i may never realize my true potential.  holy heisenberg.  man: i must say, jimmy, i'm impressed with your cheese ray.  goddard, intruder alert.  priority alpha.  jjjimbo, relax.  we've got company.  my apologies.  i didn't realize your cheese trigger was so sensitive.  we were showing dean cain some of your inventions.  dean cain.  yes, i'm head dean at the pomona school for advanced physics.  pomona sap.  that's one of the most prestigious science academies in the world.  hey, deano, have you checked out jimbo's antigravity disks.  whoa...  jimmy, pomona's had its eye on you for a long time.  how would you feel about matriculating.  you want me to go away to college.  sweet.  go away..  you mean move out.  but jimmy's still a child.  a child who could win the coveted moran grant, and pomona needs that grant to finance our new silly blinking gadget facility.  well, i don't know.  what does your father think.   it's a great opportunity.  time for our little jimbo to become a man.  aw, can't i go, mom.  i could work with my scientific peers.  hawking, crick...  and the guy who invented the lightclapping gizmo.  ah, a true genius and a pomona graduate. )