 i suggest we run away as quickly as possible screaming at the top of our lungs.   whoa. whoa. whoa....  i can't just keep running around and around forever.  wait a minute, "running around". that's it.  if i could spin aroundst enough my mass will become less dense and, in theory, i could slip right out of my shoes.  or i could end up a gelatinous mess splattered all over the ground.   i really hope it's the first one.  ah, perfect.   let's see if it's working...  i'm lifting out of my shoes.  it is working.   i have never been so embarrassed in all my life.  and in front of nick.  oh, cheer up, girl.  with your grades you can transfer to any school in town.  i just know neutron's behind this.  when i see him...  we just saw a ghost.  yeah, and it has jimmy.  good, it can keep him.  boy, you really have some anger issues, don't you.  jimmy: whoa.    hi, guys.  i'm back, and by the way, that wasn't a ghost.  it was me.  but once again, i've solved everything.  all: ew....  i thought nerdtron was hard to look at before but this is disgusting.  yeah, jimmy, you'r gross... yet somehow cool.  but completely nty.  yet strangely awesome.  what are you guys talking about.  oh, my molecules haven't reassimilated.  hey, look...  he's fun to poke.  stop it, carl.  no, it's fun.  pick up a stick and poke him, sheen.  don't.  wow, jimmy, you finally invented something we can all enjoy.  yeah, this is better than a video game.  stop it.  i could do this all day, and i think i will.  okeydokey, pokeypokey.   i call it the neutron encephalosynthesizer.  it isolates and amplifies alpha brain waves passes them through a 12tone interpreter module and outputs them in an audible frequency.  uh, what was that first part again.  and that middle part.  and the endy part, too.  well, simply put it translates your thoughts and feelings into notes and rhythm.  and so, without further ado i now present the musical stylings of my brain.    jimmy: the feminine brain is a treacherous minefield, carl.  thanks for coming over to console me in my darkest hour.  well, actually, i was hoping you'd help me with my geometry homework.  now, the triangles are the pointy ones, right.  today was only the latest in a long line of humiliating pranks cindy's pulled on me.  if only i knew what she was thinking i could catch her in the planning stage and...  whoa.    i'll pull out the tone generator and substitute a voice synthesizer...  jimmy's voice: come on, work, work.  it works.  carl's voice: hmm...  the ends of my fingers look like little pink plums.  if i use headphones cindy will never know i'm reading her every thought.  i wish i could try it tonight and see if she's got something sneaky planned for tomorrow.  nick, um, um, ii hate to bother you at home but i'm stuck with these two dumb tickets for, um...  what was that band you liked again.   oops, um, call waiting.  don't go anywhere.  jimmy: hi, cindy, uh, what you doing.  neutron.  after i hang up, i'll be getting an unlisted number.  jimmy: hmm, no brain wave response.  goddard, recalibrate to 3.8 gigahertz.   cindy: i hope brainzilla isn't on to tomorrow's little surprise.  ah, jackpot.  oh, uh, yeah, i just phoned to see if you had any special plans to humiliate me tomorrow.  oh, no, don't tell me. he's found out about thejimmy.  are you okay.  if you can hear me, tell me the answers to 5a through 11c.  i mean, just so i know that you're okay.  cindy's voice: jimmy..  hello.  i'm cindy, and what are you doing in my room.  whereismy room and what happened to my puffy pink nail polish.      vox: rejected.  girl hair. girl hair. girl hair.  jimmy's voice: vox, it's cindy's voice: if you get garbage on my hair, i'll never forgive you.  what have you got to say for yourself.  or myself. or whoever you are..  jimmy's voice: please don't put my hands on my hips.  guys don't go that.  i'll put my hands anywhere i want to put my hands.  i'll skip to the doll shop, swinging my hips, like this.   swingy, swingy, swingy, swingy    girlie, girlie, girlie...   no.  then fix this, you idiotnow.  absolutely.  i just need to tinker with it for a few hours.  we don't have a few hours.  school starts in 20 minutes.  you may have stolen my body and my clothes but you're not ruining my perfect attendance record.  now get my butt to class.  jimmy's voice: my ankles are freezing.  why don't girls just buy pants that cover their legs.  cindy's voice: stop dragging my feet. those are new shoes.  look, if we just act like each other, nobody will ever know.  : look at me, everybody.  i sure am smart.  admire my big, showoffy brain.  you think i spent enough hours on my hair this morning.  hey, everybody, look at my ankles.  when will i get a pair of pants the right length.  who knows.  here he goes.  oh, this one's going to be great.  he doesn't suspect a thing.  oh, yeah, uh... today's practical joke.    cindy's voice: oh, so it's war, is it. fine.  : look at me, everybody.  i, jimmy neutron, am a bluefaced, crosseyed nosepicker.   jimmy's voice: oh, yeah.  listen tis.  don't you dare.    : how very ladylike of me.  cindy, what happened last night.  you said something about an extra concert ticket and then the line went dead.  : i wouldn't go to a concert with you if you were the last boy on earth.  that's how stuck up i am.   cindy's voice: nick.  : i mean, nick, she doesn't mean that.  miss fowl: quiet, children.  pop quiz.   cindy's voice: i hope you enjoyed your straight a's, neutron, 'cause they're a thing of the past.  "the ant is a member of the vegetable family." jimmy's voice: "name the planets:" farkle... gubgub...  i would like an explanation for these two disgraceful papers.  : there's a simple explanation, miss fowl.  i, jimmy neutron, am a complete gabbleheaded dipstick.  huh.  : but not as big a dipstick as you are, miss fowl.  and if i don't get a month's worth of detention for that, you're even dumber than you look.  : oh, yeah.  well, how many detentions isthisworth, miss fowl breath.     you think you could figure this out sometime before i need to shave.  hey, i want out of this badly dressed body just as much as you do.  cindy's voice: badly dressed..  your big, old beaver teeth last night.  jimmy's voice: and, uh, by the way you start tomorrow at hank's weenie barn.  here's your weenie.   as jimmy): it's something i've wanted to do all my life, miss fowl.   here's a list of all the boys in school who make me, cindy vortex feel all fuzzy inside.  abraham "mudface" adler...  : and i want more chores around the house...  ...oleander...  and i want a meat log for christmas...  butch.  okay, maybe not butch.  and i'd like you to sell my bed forcing me to sleep in the crawl space under the house with the rats.  are you sure about this, cindy.  : yes, cindy's mother.  i'm glad the expensive outfits oolishly proud of will now be clothing the needy.  jimmy's voice: do we have to hide behind here.  well, sorry, jim but we don't want to be seen talking to a girl.  yeah, that's a mandatory five months of people pointing at you going:  nyahnyah nyahnyahnyah   without the possibility of parole.  jimmy's voice: i've got to reverse this effect before...  cindy's voice: do these shoes make me look...  jimmy's voice: oh, no, i'm starting to think like her.  cindy's voice: at least you're thinking.  ooh, conflictgot to go.  cindy's voice: look, we've spent all our time sniping at each other and hardly any time finding a solution to our problem.  jimmy's voice: but i don't know how to generate enough power to affect a simultaneous brain transfer.  unless...  unless i dump both our minds into a virtual brain pod.  "dump our minds".  yeah, yeahwhile our bodies are lying useless we get the most trustworthy people we know to sort our respective memories and abilities into the correct heads.  don't worry, jimmy and cindy i'll put your minds back in the right places.  cindy's voice: you can't even keep the gravy inside your mashed potato volcano at lunch.  you expect me to let you put my brain back.  cindy, don't worry.  i know your brain, and i won't let them put any stupid boy stuff in it.  jimmy's voice: okay, listen up, here.  when our brains are uploaded all our memories will appear on that screen.  you three have to decide what belongs to who.  don't give cindy my astounding ability to create and build pioneering technologies, okay.  cindy's voice: oh, yeah, like i'd want to invent a toilet in a briefcase.  hey, hey, that could have been an invaluable accessory for the traveling businessman.  carl, throw the switch and shut them up.    look, there's jimmy's entire memory of the third grade.  sheen:and we drag that to the jimmy side.  "extreme dislike of girls whodislike boys "who dislike girls who dislike..." it's so confusing.just throw that one away.    sheen: and... download.   libby: jimmy. cindy.  are you back in your heads.  jimmy's voice: i... i can't see my ankles.  oh, no. he's blind.  no, carl, i've got my own pants back.  i warn you, neutron, if anything at all is wrong with my brain...  you mean other than what was wrong with it before.  ...i'll hit you so hard in the mouth it'll wake up your dentist.   did you, um, notice when our brains were floating inside that thing togetherwhich was disgusting, by the wayone of us was imagining us walking down a country lane holding hands and, um, kissing.  okay, i remember that, but it wasn't my brain thinking it.  well, it sure as heck wasn't mine.  it must have been yours, vortex, because it wasnotmine.  no, you just said...  ] whoa...  today's special...  the absofruitalicioustaste of two colors in every puff.  rasporangey orange.  a fruitly symphony.  lemony green, tasty with a twist.  and berry, berry, blueee.  silly rabbit, trix are for kids.   trix swirls the...absofruitalicious...   part of a good breakfast.  hhpfw(] @w : : : :w :0zw :0zw :0z(] (]. . @x0. @x0. @x0. . he rescues the day from sure destruction .  . this is the theme song .  . for jimmy neutron. .     captioning sponsoredby nickelodeon sheen: come on, jimmy.  we can't be late for libby's birthday party.  she asked graystar to play, and if i eat soon, my cakeandicecream sugar rush will coincide perfectly with their first song.  yeah, and i need to stake out a chair near the punch bowl in case this year i want punch.  jimmy: cake and punch, while essential for human life, aren't nearly as exciting as this.  it's nice, jimmy, but i think someone already invented the arch.  this is not your average arch.  behold.  sheen: wow...  that looks like the future.  jimmy: 15 years into retroville's future, to be exact.  those jumpsuits are so slimming.  jimmy: may i present the chronoarch, a portal through timeand this is just a general picture.  using dna tracking, i was able to locate all three of our future selves.  first... the future sheen.   jimmy: apparently you're a top male model.  it's frontpage news every time you change your socks.  i can't believe iti change my socks.  now, the future carl.  man: carl, the llamas you breed can survive underwater, build homes for the needy what's next for carl.  well, david, i think you'll be surprised and delighted by carl's latest advances.  i know i was.  jimmy: and now, yours truly.  and as the first scientist to receive the nobel prize in bulk, i would like to ask, "can somebody help me to my car with these."  man :"  wow.  the future used to fill me with fear and dread, but now i can't wait for it.  we don't have to.  in travel mode, we can step through the chronoarch and go to the future right now.  i'm sure the future me has one and can send us back safely.  but libby's expecting us at her birthday party.  sheen, it's atimemachinewe'll go to the future and return when the party's getting good.  ow.  careful, guys.  i've been experimentwith my new chemical, megalomanium.  it makes anything it touches mad with power.  ow.  come on, let's go.  well, can we drop our presents at libby's first.  i took a wrapping class at the learning hut, and i don't want my work to go to waste.  i'll get the hover car.  can you wrap mine, too.  it's the essence of lavender over there.  sure... ow.  ow.  ow.  flower, cut. cut it out.  i'll cover you, carl.  grab the bottle and let's go.  ow.  ha.  you want a piece of me.  sheen: you want a piece...   i got it.  ow.   ow.  let me out of here.   all: happy birthday, libby.  hey, guys.  i'll take those.  i don't want you guys messing up my highly organized system.  party's in the backyard.   : um, are we supposed to tip her.  cindy: i don't want your stupid money.  this party's going to be sweet.  oh, yeah, the future.  forgot.  okay, gentlemen, the chronoarch is set for 15 years in the future.  this is going to be even more awesome than the party, which is going to be awesome.  one... two... three...  go.   jimmy, i think the future's broken.  iii don't understand.  yeah, i thought everything would be cool and futuristical, and we were all famous.  hey, it looks like i'm famous.  jimmy: i wonder why you're on a poster.    voice: what are you doing on the streets.  don't you know dance gazebois on.  dance gazebo.  dance gazebo.  it's required viewing by all subjects of along withdance airport, dance grocery store anddance dance hall.  oh, yeah.  uh,dance dance hall... it's, uh, my favorite...  that was a test.  there is nodance dance hall.  that's ridiculous.  i must report your crime to her most terrible dictatorship, so that she may pass an incredibly fair, yet monstrously brutal judgment.  jimmy: libby.  libby's the future dictator of retroville.  check her out.  most people couldn't pull off the futuredictator look.  sheen, we have a situation here.  don't worry, jimmy, she's my main chica.  she'll totally go easy on us.  your dictatorship, these youths stand accused of failure to watch required programming.  what is their sentence.  100 years of hard labor.  how's that, uh, "she'll go easy on us" plan coming along.  i love it when she uses her tough voice.   oh, no, you split up.  however will i catch you all.  my mom says we should trust policemen.  did she specifically mention giant, fourarmed, robot policemen.  no.  then keep running.  goddard.  escape plan 321.4a.   bank around for carl and sheen.  resisting arrest, eh.  you're only making it worse for yourself.  what could be worse than 100 years of hard labor.  100 years of hard labor in old pudding.  eww.  goddard, we need thrust.  