 i also suggested the weekly fire drills.  i even suggested the suggestion box, which was really tough at the time because there was no place to put that suggestion.  you think of everything.  not really.  it was another guy who invented television.  michelle, what did you learn about your dad's job.  he shouldn't talk while bernie's eating.  i have a great idea for next week's show.  why don't we do awelcome back, kotter reunion.  you mean that tv show from the seventies.  yeah.  strowbridge would like it.  tanner, donaldson.  mr. strowbridge.  i've been thinking of making some personnel changes around here.  donaldson, i need to speak with you for a moment.  i hope you're not thinking of getting rid of rebecca.  yeah, i hope not, too.  she's beautiful, she's witty, she's charming.  there's absolutely no one better.  and that's why i'm making her the new producer onwake up, san francisco.  her.  mmhmm.  mr. strowbridge, i don't know what to say.  this is such a surprise. thank you.  her.  now, don't worry, tanner.  she'll still be your cohost.  let me show you to your new office.  it has a lovely view of alcatraz.  and i thought you had a cool job.  well, well, well. how was school today.  any sweet temptations.  you might say that.  it seems someone slipped some milk duds in my gym sock.  who could have done such an underhanded yet brilliant thing.  gee, i wonder.  go ahead. count them.  this one appears to have been licked.  no way. i did not lick that thing.  i can see teeth.  this is absolutely the last time i take nicky and alex shopping with me.  what happened.  everything was going along fine, then we hit the cookie aisle.  the kids start grabbing every cookie in sight.  they start screaming like banshees.  all of a sudden, everyone's looking at me like i'm freddie krueger.  so did you give in.  i said no cookies. i meant no cookies.  hey, i thought i told you guys to finish those cookies in the yard.  next time you pull a stunt like this, you'll share a box.  yeah, right.  run along.  run along.  the twins.  hey. hey, jess, did you get my vanilla weasels.  sorry, joey. bad news.  they don't make them anymore.  what.  ..  wait till you see this.  chocolate badgers instead, huh.  instead. jess, there is no instead.  vanilla weasels are more than just a cookie.  they're a lifetime of memories for me.  ..  ..  yeah.  my mom would tuck me in bed, give me a weasel, and sing me the score to south pacific.  boy, those were some enchanted evenings, jess.  yeah.  suddenly, it's starting to all make sense, joe.  hey, everybody. guess what.  yeah, we know. there's no weasels.  aunt becky is the new producer ofwake up, san francisco.  wow. congratulations.  congratulations.  i couldn't believe it.  danny deserves the job as much as i do.  i don't know why he picked me.  don't be so modest. i think it's great.  i couldn(] where do you guys want to eat tomorrow.  feel like  hey, that worked.  alright.   aw.  announcer: sound the alarm.  august 28th is 50 corn dog day.    eraserstackle messes, that mr. clean once wrote a bookabout them.  not only do they clean everydaydirt, they clean a lot of unexpected stuff too.  like scuffed up shoes, tough stuckon sticker gunk, and lots more.  in fact, his book got so full...  he made a website instead.  share your magic eraser tips at mycleanbook.com a smooth that lasts even through washes.  tresemme 7day keratin smooth heat activated treatment.  activate with your flat iron and you'll enjoy a week of frizz resistance.  tresemme professional affordable ] escape attack.  you may be muddling through allergies.  don't get caught off guard.  try new zyrtec dissolve tabs.  powerful allergy relief now in a tablet that startsdissolving instantly.  new zyrtec dissolve tabs.  ok.  oh chocolate.  happy anniversary.  ok.  up.  powered by clorox.  cute shoes girls.  somebody's mom saved big this year at payless...  that would be me.  hurry in to save up to 40% on a huge selection of the latest backtoschool styles.  everybody loves to payless.  love, so, why risk ruining the way they fit.  try woolite.  it has the right balance of cleaning and care.  unlike other detergents, woolite won't cause stretching, keeping that perfect fit, wash after wash.  don't take a chance. trust woolite.  @0p @@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@ don't wait for @@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@ totino's pizza  ...gets you there in just  @ mitchum presents: pwpeat mo rnts in lif 0ke you sweat 07xwthp6 with confidenceith mihumpw zoxygen o(] .  hurry in for labor day deals.  get 20% off charbroilcommercial series gas grills at lowe's.  applebee's new allyoucaneat crosscut ribs and discover their tender bonein flavor.  just don't be the last to try them and their three irresistible sauces.  i'm serious. do not be the last person.  new crosscut ribs are now allyoucaneat for a limited time.  only at applebee's.  and come in late night for halfprice apps.  save money for over 75 years.  they've really stood the test of time.  much like these majestic rocky mountains.  which must be named after the...  that would be rocky the flying squirrel, mr. gecko sir. obviously.  ahh come on bullwinkle, they're named after...  ...first president george rockington.  that doesn't even make any sense...mr...uhh...winkle.  geico. fifteen minutes could save you fifteen percent or more on car insurance.  pp hey, danny. how's it going.  i couldn't be bitterbetter.  why don't we go over our schedule for next week's shows.  now, we have a problem on thursday.  alfie the talking seal canceled.  since alfie's out, why don't we go back to mywelcome back, kotter reunion idea.  it was your classic allamerican high school sitcom.  remember horshack.  ooh. ooh. ooh. ooh.  or washington.  mr. kottair, mr. kottair.  i don't think strowbridge will go for the idea.  you get to make the decisions.  you're right.  the truth is i don't like the idea.  this morning you said it was cute.  this morning i wasn't the producer.  didn't matter what i said.  so you were just patronizing me.  no, no, no, no. of course not.  like you're doing right now.  .  this is my first shot as producer.  i'm just trying to raise the level of the show.  well, excuse me if i've been dragging it down.  why are you acting like this.  you've been shooting down all of my ideas.  i shot down one dumb idea.  you know what. that was my last dumb idea.  since you've become producer, things have gotten totally out of control.  i've been producer for four hours.  and i've been quiet long enough.  you haven't been quiet since i met you.  maybe things would get nice and quiet if i weren't around.  what do you mean if you weren't around.  not around, not there, absent, lack of presence, no more danny tanner to kick around anymore.  you'd quit over horshack.  it's not just horshack.  i'm talking barbarino, epstein, all the sweathogs.  i can't believe that you would put me in this position.  i've got a show to run.  and if you quit, i will just have to replace you.  well, then, i do quit, so you just replace away.  producer, because you'll never find another danny tanner.  i am mr.wake up, san francisco.  wake up, san francisco.  i'm phil blankman.  and i'm rebecca donaldson.  welcome to the show, phil.  i was going to say that.  that only works if we say that at the same time.  right.  well, great to be here, beckarino.  well, it's great to have you here, philarino.  ..  ha.  the attorney general of the united states.  she'll be discussing her career, the new ..  and she's cooking chowder.  so, uh, what do you think of him.  well, he'she'she'she's perky.  perky.  yeah, he's perky.  i only had one day to find someone.  it was either laughing phil the weatherman or vampire vic from the midnight monster movie.  phil's a good choice.  yeah, and he's easier to kill.  i'll just fastforward to this other part.  celery.  thanks.  what are you pretending yours is.  snickers.  dove bar.  want to trade.  oh, yeah.  don't you think you and danny could work things out.  i'd love to, but he's the one who quit.  i think he's just having trouble accepting me as an authority figure.  you two belong together, like laurel and hardy, like ham and eggs, like weasels and milk.  weasels and milk. my weasels.  i can't believe they're gone.  i've lost the will to snack.  hold up. put it on pause. look at this.  see that.  " i have to admit it does have a nice ring to it.  hey, guys.  hi.  what were you watching.  .. uh...  we were watching that nutty show the frugal gourmet.  yeah, this guy's so cheap.  he was trying to trick a frog into a bag of shake 'n bake.  isn't this a coincidence.  dad's here, aunt becky's here.  don't you think this is a good time to work things out.  there's nothing to work out.  i couldn't be happier with my time off.  i'm doing the things i've always wanted to do.  see, i even made this ship in a bottle.  actually, it's more like a shipwreck in a bottle.  hey, everybody, i finished my report.  what my daddy does, except now it's called what my daddy did.  want to hear it.  i'm sorry, but not right now, honey that was the past, and i'm looking to the future.  what do you see.  a new hobby.  come on, please. eat your food, son.  i just want to say thanks.  it's been great celebrating with the people i love.  would anyone care for dessert. gentlemen.  i want dessert.  double bessert.  no, no, no, no.  no, boys. no bessert.  thank you,garcon.  you finish your dinner, then you can have bessert.  we want dessert. we want dessert.  we want dessert. we want dessert.  nicky, alex, behave yourselves.  we want dessert. we want dessert.  we want dessert. we want dessert.  we want dessert. we want dessert.  everybody's staring at us.  just give them some dessert.  what lesson would they learn from that.  if you embarrass your family, you get dessert.  no, no. we're not going to do that.  i'm going to take care of this thing.  p.  i don't care what people think.  o.k. all right.   what. i'm just doing a little parenting.  eat your peas.  all right, o.k. good. good.  here you go. sit down there.  you guys want to kick and scream, go ahead.  right here.  you can't do it in there.  that's the dining room.  this is the screaming room. go ahead, scream.  we want to go back in there.  fine. you have a choice.  you can stay out here and have your little tantrum, or you can go back, act like gentlemen, eat your meal, have your dessert, and everything will be cool.  go ahead, guys. i got time.  talk amongst yourselves.  would anyone who's not shrieking care for dessert.  there's only one dessert for me, and it's extinct.  yeah, i'll pass, too.  i'll have the triplelayer brownie with the butter cream frosting.  ..  no, wait. no, wait.  steph, if we both give in and eat one of those desserts, neither of us would lose. what do you think.  i think the one in the center looks delicious.  that's the cookie crumble cheesecake, and this is the very last piece.  better jump on it.  we will.  not literally.  we'll take it.  bet's off.  bet's off.  .. oh...  all right, right this way, gentlemen.  very good.  come on, son.  sit down here.  very good.  well, look who's back.  we're sorry.  we'll be good.  jess.  hmm.  where are our children.  let's just say we came to an understanding.  when they go to a restaurant, they act like gentlemen.  when they go shopping, they'll be with their mother.  thanks.  that was incredible.  what kind of cookies were in that cheesecake.  actually, that cheesecake was made with our very last tin of vanilla weasels.  vanilla weasels.  yes, vanilla weasels, the most delectable cookie ever created.  weasel crumbs. they're mine.  mmm. mmm. mmm.  mmm. more.  mmm. i need more.  mmm. mmm.  joey, get over it. get on with your life.  ..  not withoutooh, flan.  ..  wait a minute.  i thought i recognized you.  ..  and you're not.  say, what's with this new guy.  where did he get that laugh.  yeah, it's like a hyena.  yeah, hyena. that's it.  ha ha ha.  all right, so maybe he has a bad laugh.  at least he has a good attitude.  why, because he howls at everything you say.  he howls because now that you're gone, the show is funny.  funny.  becky, i'll have you know i watched the show this morning.  i didn't want to watch it, but i couldn't turn it off.  it's like when you have a cavity and you keep sucking air through the hole to see if it still hurts.  are you comparing my show to a rotting tooth.  if the tooth hurts, suck it.  it's a good thing you quit because i'd fire you in a minute.  you and the happy hyena deserve each other.  at least the happy hyena has a good attitude.  he has no attitude. he's a caricature.  they're staring again.  all right. all right. hold it. hold it.  now, one more outburst, i'm going to pick you both up by your suspenders and take you out to the screaming room.  she started it. he started it.  you're family.  you love working together.  this whole thing's just blown out of proportion because you got jealous over her promotion.  i'm not jealous.  you guys think i'm jealous.  yes. yes. yes.  it just bugged me that she got promoted and i didn't.  that's jealous, isn't it.  come on. everybody gets jealous.  you got jealous because becky got a promotion.  heck, i get jealous 'cause people have girlfriends, ..  lives.  another flan, please.  look, i got to admit it stung when becky got promoted over me.  i got to accept it, and i will, because i know she'll do a really a good job.  thanks, danny.  that's nice of you to say.  i wasn't mad at you.  i went nuts because i got passed over in front of michelle.  i wanted her to be proud of me.  daddy, can i read you my report now.  honey, i'd love that.  i'm sorry i didn't listen to it earlier.  "my daddy was the best talk show host "in the whole world.  "everyone loved him.  "he was funny and nice, "and he made people choke on their bear claws.  "i wish my daddy were still a talk show host, " thanks, honey. that helps a lot.  danny, she's right.  i'd love for you to come back.  the show's not the same without you.  you're a great friend and a great cohost, and if i had been a better producer, i would have never let you get away.  oh, thanks, beck.  you're the best.  i was going to say that.  .. oh...  captioning performed bythe national captioning institute, inc.  some people don't know thedifference between sargento natural cheeseslices and processed singles.  while ours is fresh tasting and sliced from a block of real,natural cheese theirs is pasteurized, processed cheese product wrapped in plastic.  and ours is definitely what makes a sandwich.  sargento natural cheese slices.  from our family to yours, taste the real difference.  ] hi michael. looking good.  trying to keep up with you.  i told my producer karenthat i take metamucil because it helps me feel fullerbetween meals.  it's just one small change that can help lead to good things.  now she's breaking up with the vending machine.  nope. i call that the meta effect.  4in1 multihealth metamucil now clinically proven to help you feel less hungrybetween meals.  and promotes heart health.  experience the meta effect with our new multihealth wellness line and see how one small change can lead to good things.  brookside, and discover an exciting combination of tastes.  rich, dark chocolate covering soft centers.  flavored with exotic fruit juices.  it's chocolate and fruit flavors like you've never experienced before.  discover brookside.  you.  make sure the second hug feels just as good.  ..  draws more mess away than pampers swaddlers.  i'll take care of you.  i promise.      surprisinghydration from your razor.  schick hydro silksensitive care.  wateractivated serumhydrates your skin ..  and it's hypoallergenic to protect your skin against irritation.  free your skin.  applebee's new allyoucaneat crosscut ribs and discover their tender bonein flavor.  just don't be the last to try them and their three irresistible sauces.  i'm serious. do not be the last person.  new crosscut ribs are now allyoucaneat for a limited time.  only at applebee's.  and come in late night for halfprice apps.  coat.  one that covers better,lasts longer, and protects us from theelements, inside and out.  let's go to the place withthe best paint, take it home for less, then, rock and roll.  let's do the one thingthat changes everything.  let's do this.  more saving. more doing.  that's the power ofthe home depot.  behr ultrainterior with advanced stainblocking starts at $31.98 a gallon.  at left twix is extra crisp so it stays crunchy when we applycaramel and chocolate.  right twix has thesame thing.  they have packing tape like that over at right twix.  try both. pick a side.  twix subway for the protein packed black forest ham and cheese.  enjoy lean, sliced hamwith a hint of sweetness, piled high with all yourfavorite veggies like green peppers andjuicy tomatoes.  now yours at a great price as our $3 sixinch select ofaugust.  subway. eat fresh.  takethis down.  people find outstate farm does car loans as well as they do insurance, our bank is through.  good point. grab an edge.  look there's two guys on the state farmborrow better banking sign.  nope for realthere's two dudes on the state farmborrow better banking sign.   breaking newsfrom the state farm borrow better banking sign...  we're seeing two men that have climbed the borrow better banking sign gentlemen please get down from the state farm borrow better banking sign.  phil get the hose.  alright, let's go.   talk to a state farm agent about car loans that can save you hundreds.  that's borrowing better.  8> i like these shoes.  let's see what size you are.  i like those shoes.  let's see your foot.  size 13.  for a little girl, you certainly have veryshall we sayhealthy feet.  he said i have healthy feet.  " you've grown two sizes this year.  is that a lot.  not for bigfoot.  looks like all your little piggies went to market and stopped at sizzler on the way home.  look on the bright side, michelleby the time you get to high school, you'll be able to water ski without skis.  my feet aren't that big.  oh, yeah.  do you have this for michelle in a larger size.  ha ha. ha ha.  very funny.  ha ha. oh, little michelle.   ahahh    everywhere you look    everywhere you look    there's a heart,there's a heart    a hand to hold onto    everywhere you look    everywhere you look    there's a face    of somebodywho needs you    everywhere you look    when you'relost out there    and you're all alone    a light is waitin'to carry you home    everywhere you look    everywhere you look    doobie dooba ba da   worldwide television distribution and capital cities/abc, inc.  time to go to sleep.  first we got a special treat.  guys, we used to do this for michelle.  and the tradition continueslullabiesthe next generation.  all right, gentlemen, start your vocal chords.   hello    hello    hello   hello. hello. hello.  good song.  that wasn't the song, son.  well, what we all waiting for.   christopher robin and i walked along    under branches lit up by the moon    posing our questions to owl and eeyore    as our days disappeared all too soon    now i wandered much further    today than i should    and i can't seem to find my way back to the woods    so help me if you can    i got to get   00    you'd be surprised  )