 re, here. let's go. okay. oh.  . find a spot out on the floor .  . ah, freak out .  .le freak c'est chic.  . freak out .  h how about a big family hug for mr. motocross.  yaa.  rebecca, i can't help noticing this is only 3/4 of a big familr, and you can't just comb that away.  i had to shampoo in the drinking fountain.  i was worried.  please explain why a father of two suddenly feels the need to risk his neck speeding around a muddy track on a motorcycle with a bunch of other yahoos.  o.k., i'll explain. because i like it.  oh, that's mature.  what do you mean, other yahoos.  i'm a yahoo.  ..  they're fighting.  let's go flush something.  beck, you know there's always been part of me that loves taking risks.  it takes the everydayness out of the everyday.  well, what happens when motocross gets boring, huh.  where do you draw the linebullfighting, hang gliding, nude welding.  line drawn right there.  my uncle spiros never took a risk.  one day, he walks out his front door, and boomhe's dead.  heart attack.  no. he lived in a winnebago.  he was going 60, opened the dooranyway, the point is, there's no guarantees in life.  every once in a while, you got to take a risk.   guess what we flushed.  i'm going to go take a risk right now.   everywhereyou look    everywhere    there's a heart    there'sa heart    a hand to hold onto    everywhere you look    everywhereyou look    there's a face    of somebody who needs you    everywhere you look    when you're lost out there    and you're all alone    a light is waiting    to carry you home    everywhere you look    everywhere you look    dooboodoobopbahbow .  @ohw worldwide television distribution and capital cities/abc, inc.  oh, now,there's something you don't see every daya nun with a goatee.  this is the jerry springer show.  d.j., stephanie, tomorrow night, no tv.  joey.  because you have two tickets to see your favorite group, counting crows.  i love them. i listen to them all the time.  it's been sold out for weeks.  where did you get these.  ..  i won a little subeating contest at el bloato's sub shop.  i polished off an entire "megameaty" in less than a minute.  get to go and not me.  michelle, you're not into that music.  i listen to it all the time.  you do not. do, too.  don't. do.  girls. girls. that's enough.  we've heard your opening statements, and michelle is right.  we have to do what's fair.  we're always fair.  we've got three girls and two tickets.  any ideas.  yeah, i got an idea.  girls, in my pocket, i have three licorice whips.  one of them, i should add, is halfeaten.  ahem.  ..  whoever gets that one, well, you don't go to the show.  all right. i'm going.  i'm going, too.  every time you're fair, i get the shaft.  i'm sorry, steph.  you know there'll be other concerts.  steph, if it makes you feel any better, you can have that licorice whip.  yay. my favorite flavorslobber and lint.  , there's going to be a big crowd, so keep your eyes on michelle every second.  i don't want her coming home with anything pierced or tattooed.  when did this turn into a babysitting job.  my friends are going to be there.  there's a party after.  i'll bring twister.  oh, now i'm feeling better.  i'm sorry. you got to handle this.  life isn't always fair.  it was two minutes ago.  just the way it worked out.  if you'll excuse us, joey and i are retrieving a corn dog from a sink trap.  we are.  then i'm going to teach you to shave without eating.  if my dad couldn't do it, there's no way you can do it.  this is great. i'm going to call lisa.  maybe she can tell me who the counting cows are.  "counting cows". it's counting crows.  you've never even heard of them.  i'll hear them at the concert.  i can't believe it. the little liar.  we're both totally burned.  yeah.  what if michelle had to give me her ticket because she couldn't go.  sounds like you have a plan.  ah. indeed, i do.  becky and dan are on. turn up the volume.  hey, these batteries must be shot.  i think your brain is shot.  that's the remote control for nicky and alex's toy helicopter.  oh, cool.  give me.  ow.  so let's say hello to the bungeejumping grandma herself, edna parrish.  hello, there. how are you.  hi, edna. nice to meet you.  make yourself at home.  well, besides bungee jumping, edna has also whitewater rafted, done some cliff diving, and even wrestled alligators.  whoa, 'gators.  any plans to slow down a little, maybe only defy death once a week.  oh, no, sirree.  i've lived as long as i have because of the risks i take.  that's right. listen to her, beck.  maybe now would be a good time to look at edna's recent bungee adventure.  oh.  cowabunga.  whoa, that's amazing.   you don't eat a big earlybird dinner before doing something like that, edna.  you know, edna, i see you do something like that, and i see you so full of lifemaybe my husband's right.  maybe there is something to this risktaking thing.  looks like someone's seen the light.  i'll tell you.  why don't you two come bungee jumping with me next week.  well, what do you say, stretch.  i'm not a scaredycat, but when it comes to bungee jumping, i've got two words for youmeow.  what are you scared of.  it's safe, and it's fun.  well, edna, i don't know about stretch here, but you talked me into it.  next week, you and i are going bungee jumping.  oh, no, you're not.  oh, yes, she is.  didn't you hear her. i'll turn it up.  thieves.  with their tiny little bandit hands.  stealing a second. a minute. an entire day.  that's where your time went. with these creatures.  hungry, sleepy, poopy little crooks.  but honestly, they wouldn't even have to steal it because you're happy to give it to them.  save what little time you have with store pick up from target.  buy online, pick up in store and spend more time withyour little thieves. )