  everywhere you look    there's a face    of somebodywho needs you    everywhere you look    when you'relost out there    and you're all alone    a light is waitin'to carry you home    everywhere you look    everywhere you look    doobie dooba ba da   television, , and the coca cola company captioning performed bythe national captioning institute, inc.  television public performance of captionsprohibited without permission of national captioning institute hey, steph.  what are you working on.  my geography projectamerica the beautiful.  you know, steph, i'm from right here, which would be nebraska.  it's never been known as the mountain state.  no problem.  nebraskathe giant handprint state.  hey.  hey, how you doing.  can you believe an autumn day can hit 90 degrees.  doesn't bother me any.  i'm calm, cool, and collected.  well, actually, i'm a lot better off than those sweltering construction workers outside.  they're all hot and sweaty, their shirts are off.  looks like an episode ofbaywatchout there.  poor guys.  we should really keep an eye on them.  boy, is it hot today.  nothing's going to taste better ..lettuce...  where that lemonade used to be.  hey.  i've got to make more lemonade.  those construction workers are good customers.  not bad bods, either.  michelle.  that's what aunt becky said.  she didn't say anything about their hair, did she.  they were all wearing helmets.  thank god.  michelle, when i was your age, i had my own little sidewalk stand.  i sold wet naps outside of ribs ribs ribs.  ha.  i did.  took all the money i made and opened u my own little shaver savings account.  haven't touched it since.  when i was a kid, made 10 bucks fixing a bike.  i bought an elvis lunchbox.  even had a blue suede thermos.  that's the difference between you and me, jess.  you went out and bought yourself a cheap souvenir, right.  i, on the other hand, quadrupled my money.  i am now up to $76.14.  well, little shaver, according to the latest collector's catalog, my lunchbox is worth aboutwhat did it say.  oh, yeah. 2 grand.  when i opened the account, they gave me a free, retractable ballpoint pen.  really. why are you still working.  come up with anything yet.  i got a great idea for our new radio giveaway.  not that "guess what pastry i'm eating" again.  this is 100 times better and less fattening.  tv theme songs.  some lucky listener can be a winner if you know the words to, say, uh, three's company.  everybody knows the words tothree's company.  people have heard it a million times.  give it a try, big shot.   come and knock on our door    we've been waitin' for you    this thing and a deal and a thing   and the guy falls off the bike.   three's company, too   i'd have to say you nailed that.  piece of cake.  charles in charge.  no. sing three's company.  i don't want to sing three's companyagain.  please, please, please, please, please, please.  that's what i'm talking about.  you guys got to sing it with me.   come and knock on our door    come and knock on our door    we've been waiting for you    we've been waiting for you    with the thing and the thing    and the thing    three's company, too    three's company, too   steph, you have my white blouse.  i need it for my senior picture tomorrow.  deej, i would never take anything without asking.  what's this.  uh, can i borrow your white blouse.  you've really screwed up this map.  you got florida way down south sticking out in the ocean.  man, i'm beat.  how'd your little lemonade business go.  not bad. i made $221.  $221.  that's unbelievable.  give your favorite sister a hug.  give your favorite neighbor a hundred.  i didn't get rich by being stupid.  how did you make that much.  hot men, cold lemonade, no change.  i got another one for the radio contest, but i can't remember the words.  how does the theme forbatmango.  batman. duh duh duh duh duh duh. batman.  yeah, that's it.  so which words couldn't you remember, "batman" or "duh".   i'll get it.  i got it.  i got a delivery for a danny tanner.  i'm danny tanner, and i'm expecting a delivery.  funny how things work out.  oh, uh, here you go.  thanks.  guys, you are going to love this.  this is a piece of history, real americana.  i was going through some old family photos, right.  and i found a picture of my greatgreatgrandfather general cornwall tanner.  i had it blown up and completely restored.  look at this.  you should have just had it blown up.  blown up.  just so happens he was a great civil war hero.  this should be put in a place of honor.  how about under the mantel.  the fireplace is under the mantel.  i'll get the matches.  he'll get the matches.  can somebody take me to the candy store.  i want to spend my lemonade money.  not now, michelle. we're working.  maybe somebody can take you later.  i got to find a place for this.  who's the geek in the hat.  sweetheart, this dashing gentleman happens to be your greatgreatgreatgrandfather.  great.  8 who wants to go on a candy run.  you sure you want to just waste it on sugarcoated, teethrotting empty calories.  totally.  i strongly suggest that youave it.  the kid earned it. let her go have some fun.  michelle, i have a third suggestion.  buy some art and stick it in that frame.  i happen to think he's handsome.  hey, mr. t.  hey.  did you get a picture of the front end of the horse, too.  this happens to be one of my relatives.  if you'd like to see one of yours, go rent gorillas in the mist.  kimmy, can you take me to the candy store.  i'm going there anyways.  my mom's making her famous milk dud cacciatore.  dad, can kimmy take me to the candy store.  yeah, i suppose so.  way to go, munchkin. live a little.  i'm going to live a lot.  i want the boys to be happy, too, but too much of a good thing can be unhealthy.  not enough of a good thing could leave them with a lifetime sense of deprivation and loss.  ..   come and knock on our door    we've been waiting for you   is michelle back from the candy store yet.  i haven't seen her.  she didn't happen to have a shoe box with her, did she.  i told her to take her money and live a little.  she must be living large.  she made over $200.  selling lemonade.  and she took it all with her.  how much candy could she possibly buy.  the most money i ever spent at a candy store was, like, 185.  hey, everybody, you'll never guess what i bought.  so what do you think.  please tell me that's a piata.   nailed it.   you're right, that was really easy.  i know, i told you so.  on progressive.com, you can compare our progressive direct rates with our competitors' rates, so shopping is easy.  you don't sound like flo.   yeah, i do.   who you talking to.   what.  what's on your hand.  nothmy wedding ring.   symbol of our love and understanding.  comparing rates for you.  now that's progressive.   nailed it.  usedove days.  with one small catch.  no mirrors.  everyday they wash with dovebeauty bar but can only feel what'shappening.  on the seventh day beautiful skin is revealed.  dove is different.  with one quarter moisturizingcream it helps skin feel more firmand elastic.  really want to feelthe difference.  take the dove 7 day test.  discovery.  today our junior crew members declared their new found independence.  while the young cadets explored uncharted ..  the admiral and i discovered the fountain of youth.  later, we were treated to a royal banquet.  and after a brief skirmish with pirates, we celebrated with canon fire.  all in all, another fine day at sea.  disney cruise line.  when it comes to pleasingeveryone, the difference is disney.  people ask me why i swim.  it's not for ribbons or medals.  i'm after something muchgreater...  they call it "the rock." anncr: hormel rev wraps. 15grams of protien.  for those who are hungry. ] ..  please, please, se, please.   the wish we wish above ..is health.  so we quit selling cigarettes in our cvs pharmacies.  expanded minuteclinic, for walkin medical care.  and created programs that encourage people to take their medications regularly.  introducing cvs health.  a new purpose.  ..  to help all those wishescome true.  cvs health.  because health is everything.  tmobile, you can hook up the whole familyfor a $100.  get 4 lines with unlimited talk,text,@ and up to 10 gigabytes of 4glte  plus get the brandnew samsunggalaxy note 4 for $0 down.  michelle, you bought a donkey.  he's got big hairy ears just like uncle gus.  nicky, look at his pretty eyes.  and his four legs and 300pound body.  i want him out of my kitchen.  my floor is not donkeyguarded.  can the donkey sleep in our room.  nicky, his name is shorty.  ..shorty, and he's sleeping in my room.  he's not sleeping in anybody's room.  this house is not zoned for livestock.  jess, this is all your fault.  " ai don't talk like that.  twoi thought she was going to the candy store.  unless that donkey has a creamy chocolate center, you can't blame me for this.  we were on our way to the candy store when we passed this petting zoo.  apparently, you didn't pass it completely.  well, i liked shorty, and the man asked me how much money i had.  i told him i had $221, and guess how much he cost.  let me give him the benefit of the doubt220.  nope. 221.  michelle, look, i'm sorry you got ripped off, but he cannot stay here in this house.  he sheds, he stinks, he's dirty.  you let kimmy in here.  i don't shed.  i'm not arguing about this.  he's got to go back.  you might have a problem there.  it was kind of a traveling petting zoo.  they were packing up to go to seattle.  yeah, and the man said, " put him in the backyard.  we'll figure out what to do in the morning.  be on your best behavior tonight, and maybe dad will let us keep you.  you'll have to clean up after him.  no problem.  i clean up after my hamster.  i think shorty's going to be a bigger responsibility.   wake up, stephanie. you're snoring.  it's not me.  i thought it was your stomach.   uhoh. it's shorty.  do you think the neighbors can hear him.  whatever that is, i'm going to shoot it.  i'm guessing they can.  i'm sorry. i'm bringing him in.  go back to bed.  put your guns on safety.   wonderful. wipe your hooves on the way in.  maybe tomorrow i'll take you prospecting for gold.  what's wrong with him.  you think he's sick.  i'm not taking his temperature.  if that donkey doesn't let me get some sleep, i'm going to look like a wreck for my senior picture tomorrow.  that goes in my yearbook, my graduation announcements, my college applications.  it's also what they use if you're onhard copy.   shorty, you're not making a very good first impression.  see, i told you it wasn't joey.  it's all right.  i was already up, thanks to some annoying hair rollers.  if they bother you that much, don't sleep in them.  how's anybody going to sleep with this thing in the house.  i'd take him back outside, but apparently it's donkey season.  dad, be nice to shorty.  it's his first night. he's scared.  remember comet's first night.  he slept with a hot water bottle and an alarm clock.  actually, that was my first night.   donkey ride.  me first.  no, guys. the ride is closed.  come on, back to bed.  singthree's company, daddy.  (] come on, sing it, jess.  maybe you'll drown out englebert donkeydink over here.  all right, i'll sing it.  but after that, we're all going to bed.   come and knock on our door    we've been waiting for you    we got the thing and the stuff and the thing    three's company, too   very good. nice ending, boys.  let's say good night. good night, everybody.   when you sang, shorty got quiet with this dreamy look on his face.  maybe it's gas.  i have to get some sleep.  would you just try to sing to him.  you guys are crazy.  you've been inhaling too close to the donkey.  there's no way my singing has anything to do with him not  come on. please sing.  please try.  all right. o.k. fine.  i'm going to do it, mainly because i like the song so much.   come and knock on our door    we've been waiting for you    we got the thing and the stuff and the thing    three's company, too    well, you heard it, jess.  he's only quiet when you sing.  oh.  you're our only hope for getting through the night.    please keep singing,rty stays quiet, everyone won't be mad at us.  what am i supposed to do, serenade him all night.   come and knock on our door    we've been waiting for you    we got a thing and some things and some things    and you need some donkey mouthwash, too   shorty, are you sleepy yet.   one more time.   come and knock on our door    come and knock on our door    we've been waiting for you    we've been waiting for you    we got a thing and some things    and some words that i still don't know    three's company    too   ..  ..  and a mint.  it's morning you got shorty through his first night.  thanks, uncle jesse.  give me a hug.  i probably smell like a barnyard.  no, no. not at all.  uhhuh.  aah.  i can't believe it. it's ruined.  8& what's happening.  uncle jesse, look at my map.  sorry, steph. i fell asleep.  shorty must have gone out for a midnight snack.  he ate the entire farm belt.  dad, would you look at this.  shorty ruined my map.  i'm going to fail geography.  i'll write you a note.  what will you say, the donkey ate my homework.  i used that one last week.  ahchoo.  what am i going to do.  i'm all sniffily. my eyes are all puffy.  i can't take my senior picture looking like a blotchy blowfish.  oh, man. maybe it's an allergic reaction.  to what.   i'll give you one guess.  shorty. shorty.  he's in the living room.  get him out. i'm breathing donkey dander.  we got to get that mule out of the house now.  fine. just don't anybody panic.  we don't want to overreact and scare him.  aah.  greatgranddaddy cornwall.  i'm finally starting to see the family resemblance.  shorty, how could you.  that's it. he's out of here.  where are you going.  anybody want to buy a donkey.  nobody wants to buy a donkey.  i did.  anybody want a free donkey.  shut up, tanner. i'd rather hear the donkey.  danny, come in here.  the neighbors are armed and cranky.  now i have an idea.  why don't you take shorty to the children's zoo.  (] not you, her.  listen, we're not going to get any money for shorty because we're going to donate him.  so that's it. i'm broke.  i'm afraid so, pal.  that's o.k. at least one good thing happened.  we all got to meet shorty, right, everyone.  so when's that zoo opening.  who cares. we'll wait by the gate.  you know what i think he'd really like before he goes.  i'm not kissing him goodbye.  you know.  all right, but you guys got to help me out.   come and knock on our door    come and knock on our door    we've been waiting for you    we've been waitingfor you    where the kissesare hers and hers and his   that's it.   three's company, too   those are the words.  i knew it.i kind of knew it.  goodbye. goodbye.  @@ ring ring.... progresso.  it's ok that your soup tastesx like my8homemade. it's our slow0simmered vegetables and tender white meat chicken.@@@@@@@ apology8accepted. i'm watching you soup xeople.  p pppp0 make it progresso or make ityourselfp 00@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@ yourfavorite starts with a golden flaky crust, wedges of fresh fuji apples, and a brown sugar streusel on top.  so she made her dutch apple pie just like that.  marie callender's.it's time to savor.  like pancakes.  first of all, they're light and fluffy, topped with pumpkin whipped cream and cinnamon sugar and only $4.99.  second of all, they're light and fluffy, topped with pumpkin whipped cream and cinnamon sugar and only $4.99.   waitress: welcome to denny's. )