 in the middle.  there you go.  carruthers, why exactly did you call this meeting.  well, abecause of that pesky flu epidemic, there is a serious shortage of substitute teachers.  and bbecause i just got a new outfit.  i wanted you to see it. tada.  i can help you out.  it zips in the back.  no, i was talking about the teacher shortage.  when i graduated from college, i got a teaching certificate.  i always renew it.  i figure if my radio career goes south, i've got something solid to fall back on.  if you ask me, you've already got something solid to fall back on.  hey, honey.  was mrs. ullman back in school today.  no, and we didn't have a substitute either.  what did you do. another film strip.  yep, a real winnerthe making of maple syrupfrom forest to flapjack.  do you know what wonderful idea just occurred to me.  carruthers, remember, thereis a little one present.  well, in that case, i've got another idea.  you could substitute teach michelle's class.  joey, it would be so cool if you were our teacher.  o.k., sure.  it sounds like you guys are in a tough spot.  this'll be so much fun.  ullman is when she tucks her dress in her pantyhose.  interestingmy daughter being taught by a man who has everyscooby dooon tape.  hey, i'm serious.  teaching is a huge responsibility.  suddenly, i feel useful, noble, a productive member of society.  it's like the guy who looked at a lollipop and said, "i could put a hunk of tootsie roll inside " there's nothing more inspiring than watching that man walk out of a room.  hi, everybody.  maybe it's time to spruce up the message on the old answering machine.  you know, i'm thinking reggae.   telephone be ringin', mon    that's what i be singin', mon    message at da beep, mon, yeah   dad, if that's going to be on our answering machine, i'd be movin', mon.  if i don't let you audition, how long will this nonsense go on.  pretty much night and day.  flamenco.  uncle jesse, please give him the audition.  stop the insanity.  stop, stop, stop, stop.  whoa.  all right. audition. 5:00. tomorrow.  be there.  i practice all night, mon. thank you.   really. joey's teaching our class today.  get ready for funny voices, great jokes.  oh, one warningdon't pull his finger.  my sides are aching just thinking about the hilarity to come.  ahem.  class, your teacher today is mr. gladstone.  let's all say good morning.  good morning, mr. gladstone.  well, good morning, everybody.  i want everyone to be on their best behavior today.  oh, i will be. i mean, they will be.  ha ha. ha ha.  kids, that was not supposed to be funny.  i'll just head back to my office and take another quick look at your teaching certificate.  , kids, now, let's get down to the business of learning.  ha ha ha.  that's funny. joey's pretending to be serious.  iambeing serious.  we've got a lot of ground to cover today.  let's open our science books to chapter four.  hey, joey, do porky pig.  ..michelle, uh, first off, gladstone, and i'm not doing porky pig.  porky. porky.  porky. porky.  that's enough.  porky. porky.  porky. porky.  all right. let's all settle down.  porky. porky.  porky. porky.  all right.  the next person who makes one little peep is going straight to the principal's office.  come on, joey. lighten up.    michellewhat. i didn't peep.  now, michelle, you heard me.  i'm afraid i'll have to send you straight to mrs. homewood's office.  me.  yes, you. now.  thanks a lot, mr. gladstone.  i thought you were my friend.  losing your chex mix too @@ deploy the boring potato chipdecoy bag.xppxpppppppppxpppppp with a variety of0tastes andtextures,@@@@@@ only chex mix has twenty bags ofinteresting.  @@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@ @@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@. music .  hi. need help finding a dependable used car.  yeah, i'm worried about things like flood damage.  oh, our team doesn't keep quiet about those cars.  frank to carfax. found an suv here.  here's a sports sedan. i'll get the vin number.  there's a convertible. avoid that one.  large mouth bass. they get the word out.  only one site has a free carfax report for every car listed.  that's it.  start shopping at the new carfax.com challenge.  there's nothing like leaving home feeling attractive.  but too many times i feel bloated, gassy, uncomfortable with gurgling.  nothing seems to feel right.  and yet another pile of clothes on my bed.  so i'm taking the activia challenge.  eating activia twice a day for four weeks may help reduce the frequencyof minor digestive issues like bloating, gas,discomfort and rumbling.  when your tummy smiles, things just feel right.  join me and take the activia challenge.  it works or it's free.  .  (] uhoh. look who's back. mr. madstone.  don't provoke him.  let's just straighten up and fly right.  even better, let's give him the silent treatment.  all right, everyone.  well, let's get started, shall we.  and by the way, it's really nice to see all of your bright, shiny, smiling faces again today.  o.k.  how about a little geography.  why don't we, uh, go over some state capitals.  um, let's start with california.  the state capital of california is.  anyone.  o.k., i'll give you a little hint.  it starts with sac and ends with remento.  of course it's right here near the sacramento airport.  that map's on a roll.  ha ha ha. ha ha ha.  hey, that's a lot better than the silent treatment.  ha ha. ha ha.  if you thought that was funny, then you're going to love this next impression i've been working on.  ..  the first astronaut on the face of the sun.  ooh ow ouch.  you guys get up and try it.  ooh. ouch.  ow ow. ooh ow.  it's hot.  ooh, it's hot.  ow ow. ow ow.  ahem.  boy, you got to teach me that.  what's going on here, mr. gladstone.  homewood, actually, you caught us in a rousing round of spelling tag.  derek, you're it.  conjunctivitis. go.  conjgladstone, ..now.  now would be a very good time. sure.  what's going on.  any sign of blood.  she's wagging her finger at him.  an honesttogoodness dressingdown if there ever were one.  and 's all o fault.  he's coming.  did you get fired because of us.  homewood that it's just not working out, so you're going to see a film strip in about 15 minutes.  ohh. ohh.  i'm sorry, but yesterday when i tried to be tough, you all hated me.  we didn't hate you.  we just wanted to have fun.  now we're having fun, and you're not learning anything either, so that's not working out, which is too bad 'cause i was going to teach you a lot of neat stuff like state capitals, long division, how to suck an egg into a bottle.  did i hear long division.  derek, be quiet.  we want to see that egg sucking thing.  no, i don't think so, guys.  joey, don't quit.  it's all my fault.  it's not your fault. it's me.  i'm just not a good teacher.  we never gave you a chance, especially me.  you're so funny, i forget that sometimes you have to be serious.  well, thanks for understanding, michelle.  so couldn't we start all over.  i don't know.  hey, everybody, ..  gladstone to be our teacher.  yeah. yeah.  oh, come on, now, cut it out.  ha ha. ha ha.  please. we'll be as still as statues.  we don't have to be as sxwll as statues.  we can have fun and learn something at the same time.  like how to suck an egg.  absolutely.  all right, kids.  come on up to dr. gladstone's laboratory.  i'm your host, dr. gladstone.  ha ha ha.  now some people call this experiment magic, but i call it pure science.  there's no way that this egg can fit into this bottle, unless i take this piece of paper and throw it into the bottle.  you just light it like this.  be very careful with fire, kids.  don't play with it when your parents aren't around.  it could be very dangerous.  stick it into the bottle.  we put the egg on top.  and watch this.  the fire burns up all the oxygen, creating a vacuum, and pow.  there goes my lunch, kids.  ha ha ha.  try it with the fingerup in the air.  whoa. kaplowie.  applebee's lunch combos now include the new thai shrimp salad, with crisp greens, juicy shrimp, and sliced almonds.  all tossed with a chili lime vinaigrette.  better lunch choices never tasted so good.  under 600 calorie lunch combos starting at just $6.99 only at applebee's.  or they'll be ready for pickup when you order online.  @@@@0 we are the solis family.  and this is our chex commercial.  there's lots of choices.  like chocolate,@ honey nut @@@@@@ and cinnamon,@@@@ with no artificialcolors or flavors.  and it's gluten free.  free of what @@ .  thesears event.  .  where you can shop more award winning appliancesthan anywhere else.  .  plus save 40% or more on appliance super buys...  like 42% off thiskenmore refrigerator.  and 43% off thiskenmore laundry pair.  .  get free delivery onall appliances over $399.  psears. performance starts here.  .  p  everywhere you look    everywhere you look    there's a heart    there's a heart    a hand to hold onto    everywhere you look    there's a face    of somebodywho needs you    everywhere you look    when you'relost out there    and you're all alone    a light is waitin'to carry you home    everywhere you look    everywhere you look    doobie dooba ba da   television, , and the coca cola company captioning performed bythe national captioning institute, inc.  television public performance of captionsprohibited without permission of national captioning institute hey, steph.  what are you working on.  my geography projectamerica the beautiful.  you know, steph, i'm from right here, which would be nebraska.  it's never been known as the mountain state.  no problem.  nebraskathe giant handprint state.  hey.  hey, how you doing.  can you believe an autumn day can hit 90 degrees.  doesn't bother me any.  i'm calm, cool, and collected.  well, actually, i'm a lot better off than those sweltering construction workers outside.  they're all hot and sweaty, their shirts are off.  looks like an episode ofbaywatchout there.  poor guys.  we should really keep an eye on them.  boy, is it hot today.  nothing's going to taste better ..lettuce...  where that lemonade used to be.  hey.  i've got to make more lemonade.  those construction workers are good customers.  not bad bods, either.  michelle.  that's what aunt becky said.  she didn't say anything about their hair, did she.  they were all wearing helmets.  thank god.  michelle, when i was your age, i had my own little sidewalk stand.  i sold wet naps outside of ribs ribs ribs. )