 what are you doing.  waiting for jeremy to call.  i don't care how cupp his dimples are, or how bad i need a date for friday.  .. more than 1 1/2 hour.  i'm pathetic.   hello.  hi, jeremy. you're late.  is that jeremy.  dimples, d.j. waits for no man.  michelle.  he sounded cute.  next time, give  whatever happenedto predictability    the milkman,the paper boy    evenin' tv    you miss your old,familiar friends    but waitin' justaround the bend    everywhere you look    everywhere you look    there's a heart    a hand to hold on to    everywhere you look    everywhere you look    there's a faceof somebody who needs you    when you're lostout there    and you're all alone    a light is waitin'    to carry you home    everywhere you look   tv  howdyho, jess.  oh, howdyho, ranger joe.   don't i get a "howdyho, mr.  " oh, the joys of living with a kiddie show host.  have a good show today.  ooh, something looks delicious.  i'm making beef stew.  i was talking about the spoon.  ..  wood.  get out of my face, or it's going to be woodchuck stew.  aren't we mr. grumpy rump.  back off, bucky.  make me, moussehair.  want to take this outside.  i'm arguing with a puppet.  and you're losing.  ha ha ha.  ha ha ha ha ha.  you thought it over. can i do it.  tell him to let me do it.  what's the big deal. let her.  do what.  steph's teacher thinks she might have a career as a professional dancer.  only one thing's stopping me from being the happiest i've ever been.  of all people.  this is a big commitment you're talking about.  it means special classes before and after school, on weekends, earlier bedtimes, less tv.  i don't care. i'll do anything.  the kid's got a dream.  if i'd been that focused in the seventies, who knows what would've happened.  it might've been you singingmacho man in that headdress.  i would not have been in the village people.  but if i were, i'd be the construction guy.  when i was steph's age, all i dreamed about was winning an olympic medal in the high jump.  i still wonder, if had given it my all, would i have made it.  no. no.  do you want me to wonder my whole life if i would've made it.  whoa. good guilt.  dad, i promise i won't let you down.  please, please.  o.k. if this is whatxou want.  i won't be like my father.  he wouldn't let me put a highjump pit in the living room.  you go for it.  thanks, dad.  thanks, guys.  now, you be the best darn high jumper you can be.  dad, i'm a dancer.  that's even better.  you'll never get jesse to go to your baby shower unless you club him over the head and drag him there.  joey, this is the nineties.  men are much more openminded about these things.  don't you think uncle jesse would attend his own baby shower.  sure. if you club him and drag him.  i can't club him, but i can trick him.  i'll make it a coed shower, and i'll invite all his buddies, but i'll tell him it's a regular party.  he'll just have to go along with everything.  we're all going to keep this a secret, right.  right. right.  she's never kept a secret in her life.  uhhuh.  you don't know when i put on your makeup.  oops.  hey. what's going on.  nothing, uncle jesse.  like i said, what's going on.  we don't have a secret, right, aunt becky.  ..o.k., sweetheart. you caught me.  i wanted to have a party.  you know, one big, final, monster blowout before we become parents.  really. that's a good idea.  what can i do.  all you have to do is show up.  sounds good to me.  what sounds good to you.  nothing.  i don't want to miss this party.  now, that's how you keep a secret.  oh, yeah.  oh, michelle, my darling.  i have a surprise for you.  whoa, baby.  not so fast.  you little sugar freak.  ..  michelle, while i make ..  ..  ..  just out of curiosity, ..secret about this party becky's throwing.  i can't tell you.  you missed a spot.  thank you.  well, michelle, you know, i sure would love to share this icecream sundae with you.  i'd sure love that, too.  ..  then let's talk about that secret, shall we.  what do i do. what do i do.  well, you can start by holding this spoon.  while i put on these chocolate sprinkles.  chocolate sprinkles.  mmhmm.  ..  the cherry.  the party's a baby shower.  now drop that cherry.  aha. a baby shower.  it's worse than i thought.  thanks, michelle.  you're welcome.  is there anything else you want to know.  there's nothing else i want to know.  i hate to spoil your dinner.  let me have a bite.  want to put up decorations for the baby shower.  i wish i could, but i've got a dress rehearsal.  since you started these classes, all you do is eat, sleep, and dance.  if i had your discipline and dedication, i'd have no life.  comet, i have a life.  ..  who i never see anymore.  ..  who i never see anymore.  but i have eight hours free every night.  of course, that's when i'm sleeping.  who am i kidding.  i have no life.   you're right, comet.  i'm going to tell dad i quit.   beck, where are you.  i'm up here, sweetheart.  ah, there you are.  you sure there's nothing i can do for this party you're throwing.  everything's taken care of.  everything'sisn't she a jewel.  the way shebabiesme andshowersme with love.  heh heh heh.   hee hee hee.  why don't you go to the movies.  when you get back, we'll be ready to rock.  here's 10 bucks.  she even gives me the money.  i can't wait.  this will be the biggest, baddest blowout this block's ever seen.  shake, rattle, and roll.  well, he got the rattle part right.  deej, i'm starting to feel a little guilty about this.  love you, sweetheart.  you should have just clubbed him.  dad, can we talk about this whole dance thing.  wait till you see your costume for the recital.  it's right here.  o.k.  what do you think.  itit looks great.  i stayed up all night sewing on the extra sequins.  i felt like liberace's dad.  steph, your teacher thinks you're the most promising student in her class.  i might not have made it as a high jumper, ..  as a star on broadway.  she's dancin'. she's dancin'.  she's dancin'. she's dancin'.  she's dancin'.  she's dancin'.   just looking at her    you can tell she's a winner    she's stephanie tanner    she's one ball of glamour   that's me.   i'm your broadway baby    i'm the one    i can dance any dance    and make it second to none    she taps and spins and does high kicks    all over the place    but through it all    i still keep up the smile on my face    stephanie tanner, you're a dream come true    i'm living out my childhood ambitions through you    she's the best darn dancer on broadway    she's stephanie tanner   that's me.   stephanie tanner    and she's here to stay   ..   dad, dad. dad.  snap out of it.  dad.  oh. right. sorry.  i'm so glad you talked me into letting you do this dance program.  when you start something, you go all the way.  what were you saying.  uh, just that i'm ready to go.  great. let me get my car keys.   she's stephanie tanner   stay   ] to "  wow.  impress your guests.  delyse vanity,now just $229 at lowe's.  eat music] those girls are my best friends.  i should probably tell them pair of shoes.  i got mine at payless and i can wear these beauties all night long.  hurry in. it's the payless fall style and comfort sale where dexflex and comfort plus are up to 40% off.  i gotta go. somebody's gotta get this party started.  everybody loves to payless.   it figures.  on your busiest day, you see the gray.  try root touch up by nice 'n easy.  just brush our permanent color matching creme right where you need it. then rinse.  in 10 minutes, zap those graysppand get on with your day.  nice 'n easy root touch up.  physical activity.  but keeping that mix balanced, isn't always easy.  so coke, dr. pepper, and pepsi are joining your efforts to find balance with the new initative called mixify.  coming together for the first time to talk to teens about balancing what they eat and drink with what they do.  and helping them think about when they've had too much, or maybe when it's time for a treat.  supporting your efforts, with our message.  balance what you eat and drink with what you do.  that's how you mixify.  way.  start maximizing at the place where you always get more than you pay for.  t.j.maxx.  brands you love, prices that work for you.  you deserve it.  maxx life at t.j.maxx.  .  health can change in a minute.  so cvs health ischanging healthcare.  making it more accessibleand affordable, with over 900 locationsfor walkin medical care.  and more on the way.  minuteclinic.  another innovationfrom cvs health.  because health is everything.  get a large, twotopping pizza for just $7.99, at pizzahut.com.  a deal this good only livesonline, so for a limited time try the$7.99 online deal,  any day of the week when youorder at pizzahut.com.  the best pizza hut deals liveonline.  pizza hut.  you guys will love this baby shower.  deej, introduce our first game.  well, becky, whoever has the bunny stamp on their rattle wins this lovely set of blue potholders.  i won.  those will go great with my checkered dishtowels.  as if i care.  beck, i'm back.  oh, o.k., everybody get ready.  surprise. surprise.  what the heck.  if i didn't know better, i'd say this was a baby shower.  it is a baby shower.  isn't this a fun surprise.  this is one of my new favorite fun surprises.  i wish i'd known because i invited some friends to what i thought was a major blowout.  that's o.k. the more the merrier.  oh, o.k. guys, come on in.  what do you say, boys.  hold it.  ..  if you're going to fight, please, no blood on the carpet.  oh, man.  ..  oh, jess, this is all my fault.  i deserve to have my baby shower ruined.  beck, these are my friends.  i put them up to it.  i've known about your scam for a week.  you have.  i wonder who told you.  i have no idea.  boy, am i getting sleepy.  time for my nap.  excuse me, boys.  freeze, munchkin.  did you tell uncle jesse our little secret.  i'm sorry, but the man had ice cream.  you bribed her with ice cream.  and chocolate fudge and whipped cream and a cher.  oh, that is low.  not telling me about our ba shor, that's not low.  if i'm not in trouble, may i go back.  sure. go ahead.  oh, yeah. he had sprinkles, too.  i'm sorry, jess. this is all my fault.  i shouldn't have tried to trick you.  well, i was sneaky with that ice cream motif.  let's just always be honest with each other.  o.k.  so be honestif i'd just asked you to go to the baby shower, would you have come.  no.  it's a good thing you tricked me.  " hi, family. hi, family.  i'm going backstage before the big recital to meet the star herself.  and there she is.  look. a dancer prepares.  maybe she'll speak with us.  miss tanner.  dad, what are you doing here.  as focused as she is, she still knows i'm her father.  steph, i've got great news.  i'm sitting with the director of the bayview dance academy.  if he likes your performance, you'll get into their summer dance camp.  so i'd be dancing my whole summer vacation.  every day, just dancing.  yeah. isn't that wonderful.  they're starting. don't be nervous.  i'm nervous enough for the both of us.  welcome to our recital.  i'd like to remind everyone that bright lights and flashes distract our dancers.  tanner, you're blinding me.  thank you.  our first performance is our advanced modern dance group doing some street dancing tomotownphilly.  my stephanie's in the middle.  she's as good as that mchammer guy.  that's m.c. hammer.   motownphilly back again    go, go, go, go    doin' a little east coast slide    boyz to men, going on   ..   i'm sorry.  i'm really sorry.  let's take a short intermission.  ..  what happened.  i got messed up and didn't know what to do, so i started doing anything.  i guess i don't have what it takes.  honey, sit down.  steph, you had that routine down cold.  i think you blew it on purpose.  why would i do that.  i was wondering the same thing.  o.k., i blew it on purpose.  i thought this was something you really wanted.  it was, at first.  but i never saw my friends, i missed the baby shower, and i never got to do anything fun.  i don't want to go to dance camp all summer.  if you wanted to quit, why didn't you tell me.  how could i. i begged you to let me do this.  i didn't want to let you down.  i would have understood.  dad, you had me starring on broadway.  you were doing high jumps in the chorus line.  maybe i did get a little carried away, huh.  so you're not disappointed in me.  no.  it's great to have a dream, but it's o.k. to change your dream, too.  you don't have to dance.  i still want to dance, just not all the time.  let's go back to how things were before, when dancing wasn't your whole life, just a part.  thanks, dad. i love you.  oh, i love you, too.  i'll be right back.  o.k.  guys, i'm really sorry i messed you up.  that's o.k. that's o.k.  uh, could we have another chance.  absolutely. are you ready, girls.  yeah. yeah.  let's go for it.  whoo. whoo.  ladies and gentlemen, we'd like to try that number one more time.   motownphilly back again    go, go, go, go    doing a little east coast slide    boyz to men, going on    go, go, go, go    not too hard, not too soft    it's long overdue but now philly's slammin'    boyz to men, abc, bbd    the east coast family, never skipped a beat    now, while cruisin' down south street    a jetblack benz, plenty of friends    and all the philly steaks you can eat    back in school we used to dream about this every day    could it really happen    or do dreams just fade away, yeah    then we started singin' and they said it sounded smooth    then we started a group and here we are    kickin' it just for you    ohooh    motownphilly back again    doin' a little east coast slide   all right.  yay.  losing your chexf t r@@ deploy the boring potato chipdecoy bag.xppxpppppppppxpppppp with a variety of0tastes andtextures,@@@ only chex mix has twenty bags ofinteresting.  @@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@ @@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@ you want i fix this mess.  a mess.  i don't think what's that.  snapshot from progressive.  plug it in, and you can save on car insurance based on your good driving.  you sell to me.  no, it's free.  you want to try.  ..  not this.  okay.  da.  we egg.  hatch it into a 100% real chicken.  and that's what goes into our 100% real tasty treats.  100% real simple ingredients dogs love.  purina waggin'train.  real dogs.real treats.  .  get more for your home at kmart with hundreds of home itemson sale.  plus, shop your way members get$5 back in points for every $30 spentin home.  kmart.  where members always get more.  kind.  you would need like a bunch of those to clean this mess.   you're probably right.  hi, cascade kitchen counselor.  1 pac of cascade completecleans tough food better than 6 pacs of the bargain brandcombined.  cascade. beyond clean and shine.every time. )