  whatever happenedto predictability    the milkman,the paper boy    evenin' tv    you miss your old,familiar friends    but waiting justaround the bend    everywhere you look    everywhere you look    there's a heart    there's a heart    a hand to hold on to    everywhere you look    everywhere you look    there's a face  when you're lostout there    and you're all alone    a light is waitin'    to carry you home    everywhere you look   captioning made possible bywarner bros.  domestic distribution, lorimar television, andcapital cities/abc, inc.  i'm gettingreally tired.  places, everybody.  two minutes to showtime.  jess, shouldn't you be going over your music.  relax. i got it.  we're playingfeelings once every hour.  feelings is now tie a yellow ribbon.  that is great news.  what's in the doughnut boxes.  doughnuts.  doughnuts on the doughnut table.  good thing i ran into you. relax.  becky, what are you doing.  waiting for the show to start.  you're doing a great job.  danny, relax.  all right, phone volunteers, is everybody ready.  relax. relax.   all right. our first call.  we love our children telethon '90.  may i take your pledge.  oh, hi, kimmy.  dad, it's for you.  mr. t, i brought my unicycle.  if you need me, i'm ready to ride.  that's sweet of you to offer.  if this show wasn't supposed to be entertaining, you'd be right in there.  i gave you 24 hours of airtime on my station because i have confidence in you.  don't screw this up.  strowbridge, everything's under control.  then why aren't you wearing shoes.  because i wanted to impress you with my designer socks.  wardrobe.  we're on the air in five seconds, everybody.  ..3...2...  welcome to thewe love our children telethon '90.  and now your host for the show, the host of wake up, san franciscodanny tanner.  ha. thank you, jesse and the rippers.  welcome to the first annual we love our children telethon.  our goal is to raise $1 million to buy equipment for the children's health center.  volunteers are standing by to take your calls.  here's my daughter michelle to give you the number.  hi, people. i got a new dress.  to make a pledge, dial 555help.  hi to all my friends at frazier's field elementary school.  hi, lori, hi, harry, hi, brian, hi, waltersteph, honey, it's only a 24hour telethon.  let's bring out our first act, one of san francisco's hottest comics.  he's my close, personal friend.  he lives in my garage.  say hello to joey gladstone.  hey, thank you.  oh, come on now.  cut it out.  quit it. knock it off.  let's here it for this band, huh.  yes.  my favorite guy in any band is the bass player.  he's getting into his thing.  then he looks over at the rest of the guys, and he smiles.  hey, i like you guys.  then, of course, you go to a heavy metal concert, and you get to hear the lead guitarist.  your friends are going, " ladies and gentlemen, every time you make a pledge, you do some magic for the kids.  i'd like to do some magic for you.  ladies and gentlemen, my lovely assistant rebecca donaldson and the cabinet of mystery.  the cabinet of mystery.  and now, ladies and gentlemen, for the hard partputting her back together.  get me out of here.  while i go for help, let's bring out the next act.  i am the next act.  i'm singing a duet with danny.  well, in that case, the song stylings of danny tanner ..  trio.  joey.  joey.  becky.  in here.   kiss today goodbye    maybe we should do this later    no, we do what we have to do    and i can't regret   you're going to regret this.   what i did for love    what i did for    love    love    love is never gone    as we travel on    love's what we'll remember    kiss today goodbye    kiss my career goodbye    point me toward tomorrow    point me toward the exit    wish me luck    same to you   yeah, same to you, fella.   oh, can't forget, won't regret    what i did for love    what i did for love    what i did for    love   thank you.  thank you, cheerleaders.  boy, i miss football season.  ..  let's check that tote board.  becky.  beck went home to get some sleep.  oh, right.  i forgot.  she went home to get some sleep.  sleep.  hey, i'm back.  and we've only got a little while leftfour hours, in fact, to hit that sack.  i mean hit the milliondollar mark.  hi, dad.  my wonderful family's back to answer the phones.  hi, wonderful family.  hi, daddy.  hi, michelle.  i got an idea.  you wait there.  let's sit down in this chair and rest a while.  come here, honey.  ah, boy.  oh, you're heavy.  so, sweetheart, what did you do last night.  i went to sleep.  you went to sleep.  ahh.  aren't you lucky.  you were in your bed, and you were comfortable under the covers, ..  then you closed your eyes.  daddy.  daddy.  earth to danny.  shh. daddy is sleeeping.  daddy's putting a show on for the people.  i'll do it.   itsy witsy spider    went up the waterspout    down came the rain    and washed the spider out    down came the sun    and dried all the rain    and the itsy witsy spider    went up the waterspout   oh@ deploy the boring potato chipdecoy bag.xppxpppppp with a variety of0tastes andtextures,@@ only chex mix has twenty bags ofinteresting.  @@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@ @@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@      most of the time it's easy to know which option is better.  other times, not so much.  so it's good to know that mazola corn oil has 4 times more cholesterol blocking plant sterols than olive oil.  and a recent study found that it can help lowercholesterol 2 times more.  take care of those you loveand cook deliciously.  mazola makes it better.  we egg.  hatch it into a 100% real chicken.  and that's what goes into our 100% real tasty treats.  100% real simple ingredients dogs love.  purina waggin'train.  real dogs.real treats.   itsy bitsy    spider   yeah.  hey.   oh, yeah   ain't nothing to it.  a baby could do it.  joey, what's next.  well, not danny.  well, it seems like we have a little gap in the entertainment at thewe love our children telethon '90.  not that we're in trouble, but great acts are in townthe bolshoi ballet, the beach boys, uh, chimps on ice.  if any are watching, i'm not going to beg, but please, please come help us.  now what. want to sing the alphabet.  come on. do that alphabet thing.  here's your mike, babe.   a, b, c, d, e, f, g    h, i, j, k, n, n, n, o, p   ..   now she's singing the alphabet.  aside from that "m, n, n, o, p" part, she's good.   x, y, and z    now i know my abcs    next time won't you sing with me   congratulations.  you guys are now the hosts.  ..  wipe his chin.  what do we do now.  i ain't wiping his chin.  i have an idea.  i'll dance tolove shack.  ok. great. i'll get the tape.  sing that song you do to michelle.  ..  thank you.  " there it is, the barnyard stylings of michelle tanner.  thank you very much.  you're welcome very much.  all right.  now for our next performer.  ..  stephanie tanner.   yeah, you can see it by the sign    on the side of the road    that says 15 miles to the    love shack    love shack, yeah    i'm headed down the atlanta highway    lookin' for the love getaway    headed for the love getaway    i got me a car, it's as big as a whale    and we're headed on down    to the love shack    i got me a chrysler    and it sits about 20    so hurry up and bring your jukebox money    the love shack    is a groovy little place where    we can get together    love shack baby    love shack baby    love shack   thank you, thank you.  and now, here she is, direct from my room, my sister and yours, everybody give it up for d.j. tanner.   i'm ridin' down the aisle in a shopping cart    i ask my dad, please    can we get some of these    he says you're going to the dentist    to get your teeth cleaned    so you can't have any of those sweets    so we're headin' for the checkstand    and i see in a pile    just what i want    so i give my dad a smile    i ask daddy, please    can we get some of these    he says you're going to get cavities    but i want lollipops and gummi bears    they're my favorite treat    when i'm being good    i ask my dad for a sweet    lollipops and gummi bears    are good for treats, and i can share    they make me so happy    they make me so happy    so happy as i can be    lollipops and gummi bears    they're my favorite treat    when i'm being good    i ask my dad for a sweet    lollipops and gummi bears    are good for treats, and we can share    they make me so happy    they make me so happy    so happy as i can    lollipops and gummi bears    are good for treats, and we can share   yay.  yeah.   and he got a gun    and he got a gun    stop it.  becky, do something before he does tina turner.  a woman on the phone will pledge $200 if kimmy will ride her unicycle.  gosh, that's a generous offer, but kimmy's not here.  guess again.  thanks for calling, mom.  saber dancein "g." hit it, boys.   kimmy.  kimmy.  kimmy.  kimmy.  kimmy.  kimmy.   huh.  close my eyes for two seconds, it's the kimmy gibbler telethon.  you've been out for four hours.  four hours.  why didn't somebody wake me.  oh, my gosh.  i'm ruined.  my life is over.  we're still on the air.  that concludes the dramatic portion of our show.  we took over as hostjoey, myself, becky.  the girls did some dancing.  it went extremely ok.  thanks. you guys are the best.  go get 'em.  let's see our new total.  $960,000.  all right.  well, we're doing great, but we got to hit that milliondollar mark.  the kids need you.  guess who's here.  oh. guess who's here.  a beach boy. mike love.  and he's right over there.  where did he go. i lost him.  excuse me, i'm here.  dr. love. how are you.  what  you here.  i heard you begging. it's a great cause.  we can work it out.  a song would really help us.  i'll sing be true to your school if we get those cheerleaders out here.  thanks. here you go.  i'm singer, you're drummer.  right.  when i start the song, a little drum roll.  got it. little solo.  i'm in.  i said roll.  got it.  let's hit it.   when some loud braggart tries to put you down    and says his school is great    i tell him right away    now, what's the matter, buddy    ain't you heard of my school    it's number one in the state   you asked for a solo.  ever since ringo, we've had these problems.  come up here and play guitar.  all right.  here.  hit it.   be true to your school, now    just like you would to your girl or guy    be true to your school, now    let your colors fly    be true to your school   the show's over.  let's check the tote.  we did it.  oh, boy.  friday we'll be checkin' out the football game   we love our children. we love you.  thanks a million.   my girl will be workin' on her pompons now    and she'll be yellin' tonight    be true to your school, now    be true to your school, now    and let your colors fly    be true to your school    rah rah rah, be true to your school    rah rah rah,be true to your school   captioning performed bythe national captioning institute, inc.       kids are like sponges.  pediasure has complete,balanced nutrition so you can help them grow and absorb what's around them.  how was school.  good.  pediasure. soak it up.  .  at clorox 2, we've turnedremoving stains into a science.  ladies, who wants to make a mess.  i do. why not.  so we've invited some moms to help us create some serious stains to test.  now pretreat with clorox 2...  watch stains disappear rightbefore your eyes.  looking good, test dummy.looking good.  nothing brightens colors andremoves stains like clorox 2.  hey.  i found my true love,@ livin' in a sweet dream.  singin' my favorite song and itall starts with you.  ..  what matters most should alwayscome first.  which is why whole grain is thefirst ingredient in every general mills big gcereal.  and why we never usehigh fructose corn syrup.  general mills.  look for the big g.  it means goodness first.   whatever happenedto predictability    the milkman,the paper boy    evening tv    you miss your oldfamiliar friends    but waitin' justaround the bend  )