 you are even more beautiful in person.  ooh, mylanta.  papuli, are we related.  no.  yes.  sylvio, come on, i'll show you my room.  steph, i'm sure your yaya gina would love to see your room, too.  we'll keep an eye on them.  don't ever grow up, ok.  sylvio banalakis.  didn't he have an older sister.  yes.  what was her name.  elena.  yeah, elena. elena.  jesse.  have merchave mercedes come to greece yet.  ..   you have a volcano in the kitchen.  i take it this isn't your grandmother.  no, this is little elena.  i haven't seen little elena since i was 14 when you were little.  ..  big becky.  big becky.  this is big becky.  your grandfather told me you were not married.  no, we're not married, ..  girlfriend.  girlfriend. becky's my girlfriend.  i'm sure the three of us will have a darn nifty time together, right.  right.  yeah, right.  i see it, but i don't believe it.  this is pinky, my pig.  hey, twinsters.  why do we look the same.  well, because, uh, you're cousins.   identical cousins, and you'll find    they laugh alike, they walk alike    at times they even talk alike    you can lose your mind    when cousins    are   ..    ind   nikos.  nikos.  more moussaka, jesse.  yes, please.  hey, take a break, huh.  you've been eating for three hours.  do you remember our picnic on the top of mount pompadoras.  i remember it was raining.  we hid under your blanket.  we had those red seedless grapes.  you fed them to me one by onehardly remember it.  i'll check on the baklava. honey.  yes, dear.  do you want honey on your baklava.  of course i do.  what's baklava without honey.  right, honey.  ..  this woman didn't fly 12,000 miles what's going on.  nothing. you know how i feel about you.  nothing could come between us.  baklava.  careful. it's very hot stuff.   ah, stephanie, you learn the zorba dance so fast.  thanks, yaya.  i'll teach you an american dance.  want to vogue. strike a pose.  steph, what have you done to grandma.  we're vogueing.  strike pose.  .  she's at the mall with sylvio.  she's alone with sylvio.  sylvio is fine boy, so much like jesse when he was young.  oh, that's very comforting.  comet, this is d.j.'s sock.  pick up the scent. find d.j.  dad, that's comet, not lassie.  how'd you like your first slurpee.  i've never slurped with a girl before.  how did i do.  great. you slurped at the right speed.  i was very nervous.  the stars are so pretty.  ..  are in your eyes.   sure, comet, we can go for a walk.  that's a goodlook, it's d.j. what do you know.  were you spying on me.  if i was spying, i'd have been here before that star talk.  ..  your daughter is the most beautiful woman in the world.  she's ok.  you must be tired after your long flight.  i'll show you to your cageuh, room.  danny, have you seen my dress shirt.  do i look like your mother.  it's in the hamper.  here it is.  i did all of your laundry this morning.  i have to iron it.  let me.  after all, you're here on vacation.  ..  i've never actually seen you iron.  me. oh, i live to iron.  i just have to get an ironing table.  sweetheart, that's ironing board.  shut up.  wait till you see this.  come on in, girls.  go ahead. try and tell them apart.  you'll never guess, daddy.  this is a tough one.  i bet the real michelle is the one who just called me daddy.  aw, nuts.  aw,hoo.  bless you.  and i think that would make you melina.  you got it, dud.  " ..  ..  i'd like to take a walk with your daughter.  no problem.  michelle, take a walk with sylvio.  i mean d.j.  i want to walk with her around the kitchen table.  you want to walk around the kitchen table.  hey, knock yourself out.  take a spin around the counter if you want.  thanks, dad.  we'll be right back.  i'll be over here if you need me.  this is really sweet.  and totally weird.  do you remember this.  didn't you and i walk around your table in pompadoras.  yes.  i was waiting to see if you remembered.  that's why i came to see you.  that's it.  get your pompadorian paws off my boyfriend.  but we did the traditional wedding walk.  jesse is my husband.  and now d.j. is my wife.  whoa, baby. whoa, baby.  green at the point of my life when i'm not a kid anymore.  now that i have finally have freedom to define who i am.  i hereby agree to be bound to you.  to let you decide how i spend my money.  to let you set my boundaries.  and to come running the instant you snap your fingers.  with this contract, i relinquish part of my freedom to you.  there's a contract in every cigarette.  when you light up, you sign up.  don't let tobacco control you.  mom.  yeah.  we got allstate, right.  uhhuh.  yes. well, i found this newthing...  called allstate quickfoto claim.it's an app.  you understand that.  just take photos of the damage with your phone and upload them to allstate.  really.  so you get a quicker estimate, quicker payment, quicker back to normal.  i just did it.  but maybe you can find an app that will help you explain this to your father.  pintroducing quickfoto claim.  just another way allstate is changing car insurance for good.  when you fall in love, everything is brighter, bolder, more intense revlon ultra hd lipstick while traditional lipstick is waxbased, our unique gel formula delivers lightweight, highdefinition color in one smooth swipe.  revlon. love is on.  of health.  you watch your diet, excercise...  and may take an omega3 supplement, such as fish oil.  but when it comes to omega3s, it's the epa and dha that really matter for heart health.  not all omega3 supplements are the same.  introducing bayer pro ultraomega3 from the heart health experts atbayer.  with two times the concentrationof epa and dha as the leading omega3supplement.  plus, it's the only brand with progel technology proven to reduce fish burps.  new bayer pro ultra omega3.  sfx: music throughout .  sfx: crowd cheering sfx: crowd booing .  sfx: crowd chanting sfx: crowd cheering music stops sc johnson,a family company.  again new oreo and chips ahoy flavored coolatta and iced coffees.  classic cookie flavor in every sip.  america runs on dunkin'.  a today i can offer you no interest for 24 months.  thanks to the tools and help at experian.com, i know i have an 812 fico score, so i definitely qualify.  so what else can you give me.  same day delivery.  the ottoman.  thank you.  fico scores are used in 90% of credit decisions.  so get your credit swagger on. go to experian.com, become a member of experian credit tracker, and take charge of your score.  my d.j. is married.  i could have greatgreatgrandchildren.  i can have my own room.  wait a minute.  d.j. and sylvio aren't married.  neither are they.  according to pompadoras tradition, they are married.  you give the girl flowers, you walk around the table, and that's what it's all about.  that's not a wedding, that's the hokeypokey.  jesse, say something.  it's a very delicate situation here with my family.  let me ask you a question.  is this the kind of woman you wantsomeone who lives to cook for you, clean for you, and wait on you.  you make it sound so negative.  fine. she's all yours.  i'll send you a card on your anniversary.  this august will be our 13th.  congratulations.  ..  you're in big trouble, mister.  when should i tell your wife you'll be back.   let's meet our first newlywed couple.   she's in the eighth grade, he's in the olive business.  they've only been married two and a half minutes.  please welcome sylvio and d.j. banalakis.  why don't i take the lovely couple into the living room and tell them what they've won, bob.  a dining set especially selected just for you.  i love weddings.  , why don't you go up to your room and wait for daddy.  daddy, with all due respect, you can't send me to my room anymore.  i'm a married woman.  you're not a married woman.  papaplease don't call me that.  i'm ready to learn the family business.  what do you do for job.  i have a talk show.  i will study hard, and when you die, i will take over.  i will never die.  sylvio, walk with me, talk with me.  let me tell you about this thing we have in america called a restraining order.   hey.     here we go.  oh, this is a pretty picture.  i thought i should give you a chance to explain, but you're too busy hugging your wife.  how could you do this to me.  now it's a greek party.     becky, this whole thing has gotten out of hand.  there's something you both should hear.  elena, listen, you're a beautiful woman with passion and with fireoh, i'm glad i stuck around for this.  wait, you'll like this part.  but there's no future for us 'cause i'm madly in love with becky.  becky, i'm madly in love with you.  ..  i'm sorry.  i'm sorry i got so jealous.  the thought of losing you made me crazy.  you're never going to lose me.  i'm sorry, elena.  maybe i was crazy to have come here, but i always wondered what would happen if we ever saw each other again.  now i know we can only be friends.  it's too bad we're still married.  what do you know, we lost the group.  as long as we're here, let's talk divorce.  divorce. who wants a divorce.  they do. they do.  well, you are in luck.  since no farm animals actually changed hands, a divorce is possible.  dad.  sylvio, i'm sorry, but i'll never forget you.  after all, you are my first husband.  for one hour, i was married to the most beautiful woman in the world.  aw, dad, do i have to.  oh, yeah.  everybody who wants a divorce, follow me.  now join hands and walk around the table backwards.  bizarre pompadorian table ceremonies on the nextgeraldo.  ok, i now pronounce you men and exwives.  we came 12,000 miles to get divorces.  we should have gone to disneyland.  attention, everybody.  all this talking about divorce makes me realize how lucky i am to have my gina for 50 years.  and to think she didn't want to marry me.  you had a beard.  it was like kissing a goat.  no, i kissed a goat once.  it was very different.  anyway, i shaved, and i got 50 wonderful years with my gina.  i love you, gina.  i love you.  that's so beautiful.  that could be you and i in 50 years.  i hope it will be.  if you're lucky enough to find the right person that you really love and want to spend your whole life with, my feeling is, why wait.  ok.  so what are you waiting for.  really.  really.  all right.  this time we're going to do this right.  the last time we did this, you left me at the altar.  we were in nevada.  " we'll take our time and plan a real wedding.  beckyhold it.  what.  do you have any other wives in any other countries.  no, no.  ok.  you were saying.  will you walk around the table with me.  yes.  yes. whoo.  ladies and gentlemen, i have an announcement to make.  rebecca donaldson and jesse katsopolis are now engaged to be married.  again.  yes, again.  yeah. ooh.  oh, did you hear that, girls.  uncle jesse and rebecca are going to be married.  let's celebrate.  you got it, dude. you got it, dude.  captioning performed bythe national captioning institute, inc.  from the leader in longwear smudgeproof fadeproof formulas for liferesistant wear.  revlon colorstay collectiontm over 20 new shades revlon. love is on.  that.  jill's gobbling up our new bird's eye teriyaki broccoli.  and look ben is going for more buffalo cauliflower.  everybody's a veggie lover now.  what do you think.  mind blown.  new bird's eye flavor full...  so veggie good.  captioning made possible bywarner bros.  domestic distribution, lorimar television andcapital cities/abc, inc.  hey, where are the bunnies.  the bunnies went byebye.  but i loved the bunnies.  well, it's a good thing i saved one very special bunny for you, and i framed him, and here he is.  now this room is cool.  cool.  say cool, baby.   whatever happenedto predictability    the milkman,the paper boy    evenin' tv    you miss your oldfamiliar friends    but waitin' justaround the bend    everywhere you look    everywhere you look    there's a heart,there's a heart    a hand to hold on to    everywhere you look    everywhere you look    there's a face    of somebodywho needs you    when you'relost out there    and you're all alone    a light is waitin'    to carry you home    everywhere you look   ..  every yearwe watch the music video awards and stuff our faceswith junk food.  this yearlet's make it interesting.  every time you make something interesting, weget in trouble.  i'll bet you five marshmallows at least one guy from guns 'n roses falls off the stage.  four cookies say they don't even find the stage.  let's play pillow fight.  good one, michelle.  yeah, that was real funny, deej.  pillow fight.  all right, tanners.  ow.  you're history, gibbler.  uhh.  you guys are history.  no.  you're in big trouble, misters.  is everybody ok.  yeah, we're fine.  everything's great.  thanks for stopping by.  i thought i covered everything, but i forgot to mention never open a window with a coat rack.  they did it.  you little squealer.  you started the pillow fight.  did you start a pillow fight.  yes, i did.  michelle, that was wrong.  you girls are in big trouble.  what did we do.  you're supposed to set an example.  we set an example of how destructive pillow fights can be.  according to the official dad's handbook, the punishment for furniture through a window is raking the yard to pay for it and no music video awards.  t, you sucked all the fun out of this room.  kimmy, i know i should punish you and not your parents, but i'm sending you home.  joey, don't you think it's strange we're buying rebecca's engagement ring out of a tackle box.  stu has the best prices in town.  besides, he gave me a great deal on this rolex.  " jess, give me a price range.  you deeply in love, moderately in love, or desperate for companionship.  i want to get becky a ring so beautiful, )