 i bet we've been together for a million years and i bet we'll be together for a million more oh, it's like i started breathing on the night we kissed and i can't remember what i ever did before what would we do, baby, without us. what would we do, baby, without us. and there ain't no nothing we can't love each other through what would we do, baby, without us. here you are, andy your very own magic set. now, i don't know if i told you, but, uh, i was quite a magician in my day. in fact, i can do any trick there is. can you disappear. we'll work up to that. now, the, uh, first trick i want to show you is called the magic rings. as you can see, these three rings are all attached. all i do is say the magic words abracadabra and presto. i can't believe my eyes. hey, dad, how you doing. hey, andy. steven: hi. what's going on, dad, dracula tryouts. jennifer: oh, great. dad's in his magic phase again. don't worry, andy. we've all been through it before. are you saying that you doubt my magical powers. i have here a dollar bill. alex: mmhmm. i will rip this dollar bill into little pieces. aah. aah. ah aah. never fear, alex. never fear. just say the magic words. ah, hummuna, hummuna. come on. come on. and presto. oops. you killed it. all right, uh, class is dismissed for today. yay. he masks his enthusiasm well. oh, carnac. uh, do you want to give us a hand cleaning up. uh, company is coming. who's the company. oh, evelyn mitchum. evelyn mitchum. yeah, you remember my friend, rosalie mitchum. she used to live around the corner. well, this is her mom. oh, yeah, sure. i remember. they must have moved away about three years now. uh, two and a half. yeah, remember during the '76 election they had that, uh that cartermondale sign in the front yard. god, what an eyesore that was. funny funny how it kept disappearing. and kept showing up in our basement. you know, this is the first time since rosalie died that evelyn's come back here. yeah, sometimes it's still hard for me to believe. i mean, 18 years old, and she took her own life. god, it's so sad. i don't know if i can handle this. i mean, how are we supposed to act in front of mrs. mitchum. just act normal. alex, just act close to normal.  oh, there she is. oh. so good to see you. oh, thank you. you look great. hi, elyse. hi, evelyn. oh, gosh. everyone, you remember evelyn mitchum. yes. hi. mallory look at you. you're just you're a beautiful young woman. oh, hi, mrs. mitchum. oh, please, please, call me evelyn. oh. jennifer, you look terrific. thank you. all grownup now, huh. nice to see you, mrs. mitchum. please call me evelyn. okay. alex. hey, uh hope you're not still angry about that that, uh, cartermondale incident, evelyn. please, call me mrs. mitchum. so, you really like living in new york, huh. yeah, it'sit's great. it took a little getting used to, but it's very exciting. do you live near bloomingdale's. i live in bloomingdale's, mallory. oh, i want to go to new york so bad, mom. oh. oh, evelyn, you don't have to do the dishes. don't be silly. i don't mind. mmm. all right, everyone into the living room for levitation. so, mallory, how's everything going with you. oh, great. um, i'm aa sophomore at grant college. i'm majoring inin fashion design. oh, that's great. i'm glad to hear you kept up with that. you always had a great eye for fashion. i remember rosalie would come home from school saying, "mallory's wearing a paisley skirt. i want a paisley skirt. " or, "mallory's wearing a checked blouse. i want a checked blouse. " well, i hope i wasn't wearing them together. you know, i have i have very warm memories of you and rosalie. oh, thank you. those letters you wrote her really meant a lot to her. i think she was very lonely in new york. she never quite seemed to get the rhythm of the city. yeah, i know. i, uh i got a sense of that in the letters she wrote me. really. well, what exactly did she say. diddid she say anything specific. oh well, you know rosalie. she'd write four pages on the color of the trees in central park. and i'd reply with four pages on the, uh, color of the blouse i was wearing. you could always make her laugh, mallory. you were one of the few people who could. ah, i really miss her. i'm sorry. this is this is hard for you to talk about. no. no, no, i want to talk about this. you know, there are a lot of questions i don't have any answers to, and and you're one of the few people that really knew her. steven: elyse, you're breaking the mood. i just thought i'd levitate in here for a while. how's the magic going, mom. not so well i had to get in here before your father tried to saw me in half. well, it's getting a little late. uh, thanks for dinner, elyse. i'm going to head back to the hotel. mallory would you like to get together tomorrow. maybe, uh, go to a museum, do some shopping. great, yeah. i'd love for you to meet nick. all right, then it's a date. okay. bye. well, are you all right. yeah, it's just  it's so weird. i mean, you know, standing here inin my kitchen, talking to rosalie's mom about rosalie, and rosalie is dead. yeah. it just doesn't seem real. it takes a brave woman to come back and face all those memories. yeah, i get the feeling she really needs to talk about it. well, it's a good thing that you're here for her. yeah.  steven: sorry. wrong chant. mom, dad's going completely overboard with this magic business. he's all tied up in a chair, and he's bet alex ten dollars that he can get out by dinnertime. this houdini stuff has got to stop. hey, hhhey. hi. hey, did you guys have a good time. oh oh, we had a great time. we went to the museum, we went shopping. i hope you don't mind, elyse. i, uh, bought a few presents for mallory. i mean, she would look at these clothes like she was in love. i couldn't resist. boy, she knows her way around a mall like no one i've ever seen. oh that's my girl. you know that waterfront area. boy, that's really built up a lot. yeah, 400 stores under one roof. you can get almost all your shopping done there. oh, mom. evelyn invited us to stay with her in new york next month. she said the best museums are in new york. uh, did you know they call new york the big apple. anybody know why. no. why, nick. well, ii don't know. i was hoping one of you would know. alex: no fair, dad. you cannot chew your way through the rope. uhuh. alex. i escaped. not only that, but i won't have to floss for a week. i know these are words you don't enjoy hearing, but pay up, son.  excuse me. okay. this is way too easy.  what i really need is a straight jacket. you read my mind. well, i'm going to go put these things upstairs. oh, i'll give you a hand. you know, i really like that nick. what's not to like. rosalie seems very happy with him. excuse me. i said she and nick seem very happy together. you know, we stopped at the playground on the way home.  oh, boy, did that bring back a lot of memories. seems like everything's memories now. honey, are you okay. you know, i remember when rosalie was a little girl. she ran inside to tell me about a a bird's nest that she'd found in the yard, and i don't know, i just i i'd had a hard day at work, and i remember i just i didn't hear what she said. so i got angry at her for tracking mud into the house. and she looked at me with her eyes so full of love. how could i yell at her. um can you hand me that. hmm. oh. i'm sorry. you know, it just, uh it just gets to me sometimes. of course it would. why not. you know, something like that happens, and you, uh you don't think it's forever. you think that somehow they're going to come back. but they don't, you know. they don't. okay, alex. pick a card any card. oh, jennifer, jennifer, just the person i want to see. get in this box. what is this, daddy dearest. come on. steven, we're not gonna put our daughter in a magic box. well, okay, elyse, then youyou help me. oh, jen, get in. that's all right, then when i next open this box, my daughter jennifer will be gone. come one, come all, from far and near. you have seen my daughter dear. i will make her disappear.  well, that'sthat's very good. nownow bring her back. okay. mmhmm. she's gone, she's gone, alack, alack. i will bring my daughter back.  yeah, okay.  okay. jennifer. jennifer, the trick worked. the, uh come out, now.  she's really gone. can you do that with mallory. uh, whwhwhat's going on here. where is jennifer. i don't know. what do you mean you don't know. you have one child under a spell and the other one's vanished. i'm sorry. i didn't know i was this good. well, could you get him to walk. i think so. andrew, i command you to  arise and walk. levitatos, el nio. come come alex: all right. here we go. come on. mallory: hi, mom. huh. nick's not here yet, is he. uh, no, no. oh, gosh, i don't want to be late. evelyn's taking us to the ballet tonight. oh, really. well, that's six nights in a row you've all been out together. yeah. i'm really having a great time. i think it's good for her to be with someone my age. you know, we talk about rosalie a lot, and i think it's really helping her. that's nice. just try not to get too deeply involved here. mom, i can handle this. i want to help her. honey we cannot begin to imagine the kind of pain that evelyn is going through. but i don't think it's your responsibility to take that pain away. mom, rosalie and i were best friends i owe it to her. honey, you don't. : yes, i do. i can't just walk away from this 'cause i might be afraid. that's not right, either. oh  hey. hey, babe. hi. you ready. yes. all right. you know, i'm kind of excited about this. i ain't never been to the ballet before. no kidding. we'll see you, mom. goodbye, darling. have a good time. hey. hey, hey.  you think i scared him enough to make him quit. i hate to say this, but i am really bored. i don't know if we should stay for the second half. hey, i was enjoying it. i was sleeping good. : what are we gonna say to evelyn. maybe we shouldn't say anything. maybe we should just go. oh, no, we can't do that. oh, right, right, right, right. hi, guys. oh, hi.  hey. uh, could i get anybody something to drink. i'm fine. um, i'd love some orange juice. you got it. you know, and by the way, i love this ballet. very restful.  i'm sorry, it's not very good. oh, that's okay. do you see much ballet, mallory. oh, me. oh, sure, sure, sure, sure. what was the last one you saw. uh  annie. it was great. you know, rosalie and i used to come here to the ballet all the time. oh, she loved it. she'd say, as soon as the lights went down, she'd escape to another world. yeah, rosalie loved music. i remember in sixth grade she was the only girl with all the partridge family albums, even when it wasn't cool anymore. you know, she, uh wouldn't go to the ballet with me in new york. she wouldn't do anything with me. she just shut off. it was like she knew that it mattered to me. well, that doesn't sound like rosalie. i'm sure she had reasons. don't defend her. she knew what she was doing, believe me. um evelyn, maybe this is not such a good idea. uh, i don't know if we should all stay for the second half. you're not leaving. what. you're staying till the end. rosalie would have stayed till the end. i'm not rosalie. i know that. don't you think i know that. um, evelyn how could she have hurt herself like that. how could she have hurt me like that. what did i do. evelyn, you can't blame yours she could've talked to me. anytime. i was there, i was ready to listen. you know how many times i went into her room, trying to get her to talk to me.. how could you leave me.. what. how could you do that to me, rosalie.. i'm not rosalie. you i knew i would be the first one to find you. how could you put me through that. you were my life. evelyn, i'm not her. you meant everything to me. my god, i'm your mother. evelyn.. hey, uh, mal, they didn't have orange juice, so i got you pineapple juice. i hope you don't mind. um, i have to get out of here. hey, i didn't know it would bug you so much. no um, um, uh, take evelyn home. nick: mal, she's crying. i i have to get out of here. all right, here you are, andy a poodle. thanks. my very own poodle.  what'll it be, alex. a mouse. peacock. giraffe. dad hm. this has got to stop. what do you mean. dad dad, you're a welleducated guy andand, andand most of the time, you're pretty normal, but dad, you got to face it you have a problem. alex, it's just a hobby. no, dad, dad, dad  it's an obsession. it's a compulsion. you have a compulsion for say it with me you have a compulsion for birthday party tricks. birthday party tricks. that's right, that's right, dad. and it's got to stop the party is over. you're right, alex. i need help. attaboy, dad. attaboy, attaboy admitting it is the first step. dad, come quick. andy's poodle exploded. oh, no. hey, dad elyse: well oh, god. hi, mom. hi, hon. mallory: i love you. must have been some ballet. i love you, too.  that was evelyn. it went too far. she started yelling at me. but she wasn't really yelling at me, she was yelling at me like i was, uh, rosalie. oh, honey, sit down.   i had this idea that i could help her, that i could fill this void that rosalie left and i wanted to ease her pain. i think i wound up just hurting her more. honey, you didn't hurt evelyn. rosalie did.  it's so weird. rosalie and i were best friends. we wore the same clothes. we snuck in movies together. we got caught smoking cigarettes in the girls' bathroom together. excuse me. you didn't hear about that, mom. no. oh. well, it's water under the bridge. i just don't know how she could've made a decision like that. i mean, how could she have been so sad. i don't know.  i mean, no matter how bad a day is, there's always tomorrow. i mean, there's always a chance that things can get better. i guess rosalie didn't see it that way.  she always saw things so differently. even when we were little, i could tell she felt things much deeper than anyone else. she was so sensitive.  i remember, one time, we were in mcdonald's and these girls started picking on her, and they were much bigger than us, so i stood in front of rosalie and i took out a cherry pie and i threatened them with the hot fruit filling. and they backed off, but rosalie, she ran outside and she started to cry. but it was the way she was crying it's like it's like they hurt her so deeply, in her soul. it's like she couldn't help herself from hurting so deep. : honey evelyn: hello, elyse. mallory, can i talk to you. sure. nick, why don't you and i go in the living room, and you can tell me all about the ballet. you can start at the beginning, okay. okay. uh, first, the lights went down, and then the music started up real soft. and then one person in the audience coughed, and then another and another. and that was a real nice surprise, because i was not aware that it was gonna be an audience participation. what i did tonight was unforgivable. i can't be her, evelyn. i know that. i don't know what i was doing. you're such a beautiful girl, mallory. you're so full of light and life, and i guess, when rosalie died, i thought i'd never see that light again. why did you come back here, evelyn. i guess i wanted to turn back time. i wanted to try to remember when everything was okay. maybe if we hadn't moved away things would still be okay. i keep thinking, if i'd just done something different, this never would have happened. you can't think like that, evelyn it wasn't your fault. i guess i spend so much time thinking about the past because i just can't bear to face tomorrow. well, you have been, every day. you know my biggest fear.  god what am i saying this to you for. i've done enough damage already. no, evelyn it's tell me it's okay. my biggest fear is that i'll forget her. that i'll wake up one morning and i won't remember the sight of her face or the sound of her voice or what it felt like, you know, when she was a little girl and she used to put her hand in mine. so i struggle every day  to try to keep those thoughts very clear in my mind. and i guess you were part of all that. : i'm sorry. don't be.  rosalie was the most precious thing in my life. i guess i'm not ready to stop loving her. well, you don't have to. i mean you can still love the spirit of who she was. i haven't been able to do that.   i think it's time, huh.  man: sit, ubu, sit. good dog.  )