 i bet we've been together for a million years and i bet we'll be together for a million more oh, it's like i started breathing on the night we kissed and i can't remember what i ever did before what would we do, baby, without us. what would we do, baby, without us. and there ain't no nothing we can't love each other through what would we do, baby, without us. this is wlel, voice of leland university, and you're listening to syncopated money. the only radio show that combines classic american music with indepth analysis of the business scene. i'm alex keaton. female singers: alex keaton, how can you resist him. he's so cute. and i'm reminding you that our phone lines are now open for your comments, questions and suggestions. okay, while you're rushing to the phone, why don't i take this opportunity to tell you about some of the exciting events we have coming up for you here on syncopated money.  in our continuing effort to bridge the world's music and business, we'll be having our annual celebrity week. on monday, economist milton friedman will discuss the music of ella fitzgerald. on tuesday, ella fitzgerald will discuss the economics of milton friedman. and on wednesday ella and milton will perform that george gershwin classic, "bess, you is my woman now. " okay hey, we've got a guest here in the wlel studios. it's lauren miller, psychology student here at leland university, lover of american music, and hopelessly devoted girlfriend of yours truly, alex keaton. female singers: alex keaton he's so cute. alex, please, i don't want to go on the radio. help me out, help me out, will you. you can talk about anything you want. just try to tie it in to music. so, honey bunch, what you got on your mind. do you want to go to the movies tonight. bebop, bebop, doowah, doowah. hey, uh, well, honey, um, actually, i'm going to be busy tonight, but, um, listen, i don't think the listeners are interested in hearing about our personal life. oh, hey. wlel. you're on the air. man: hi, this is bill from alpha lambda phi. i'll go to the movies with you, lauren. in fact, our whole third floor will go with you. well, bill, uh, i think that's going to be a tough one for her to pass up, but, uh, i'll let her handle it for herself. what movie would you guys like to see. alex keaton he's so cute. okay, time to spin a little wax with a blue tint, as we get aboard the keaton blues train and chug on up to a station marked "blues. " okay, this is "i feel so good" by the late, great, legendary eddie dupre. lord knows we miss him so. i got a letter and it come to me by mail my baby says she's coming home and i hope that she don't fail yeah, hello. wlel. man: is this keaton. yes, it is, yes, it is. alex keaton, the only dj with a sound fiscal policy. do you have a request. yes, i have a request. i'm eddie dupre. my request is before you go around burying people, i wish you'd get their permission first.  wait a minute, wait a minute. you're really, you're really eddie dupre. that's right. you're still alive. closest i come to death is sitting here listening to you on the radio. well, mr. dupre, ii haven't seen yyour name onon a record in it's got to be 15 years. close to 25. wow, um i'm sorry. ii apologize, um hey, i'mi'm a really big fan of yours. ii had no idea thatthat you weren't dead, you know, that you were just washed up. what i am is a bus driver right here in columbus. listen, um, ii'd love to talk to you sometime. uh, maybemaybe have you right here on the show. um, we could discuss your views on music. i have no views on music. there is a fee involved. time and place, please. "terraplane blues"what year. uh, "terraplane blues," 1928. who was on the session. okay, let me see, that'd be, uh, robert johnson, uh, uh, random millings, and, um oohooh badaboomboomboomboomboom uh, pop corn ferguson on bass. very good. okay, okay, keep them coming, keep them coming. come on, alex, enough already. we've been at this for an hour. jen, come on, it's important we be knowledgeable here. now, when eddie dupre walks in that door, we got to show him we know a lot about the blues. alex, having you as a brother is all i need to know about the blues. all right, alex. here's all our old college stuff. whatever old blues albums we have would be in here. thanks, dad. this is great. oh, look at this old term paper. "flower power: an alternative to hydroelectric power. " oh, yeah, i remember that. that was the project to see if we could light the city of berkeley exclusively through geranium friction. how'd that turn out. at best, it's a backup. oh, here's an old eddie dupre album. eddie dupre at the monterey blues festival. oh. "perhaps the highlight of the festival was dupre's classic "rendition of 'keys to the highway', in which he showed why many consider him to be the king of the delta blues. " it's hard to believe that such a great musician could just disappear from the music scene. none of these guys owned the publishing rights to their song. they'd come in, makemake a record, uh, get some lunch if they were lucky. maybe 50 bucks for the day somebody else got rich. what about the videos. didn't they own the rights to those. mal, mal, this is before videos. before videos. then what did they show on mtv. the same thing that's in your head, mal. test pattern. what's this. "going to berkeley blues. " "living in berkeley blues. " "leaving berkeley blues. " that's the berkeley blues trilogy. : oh, man. i, uh, i wrote this. elyse and i would perform in the local coffee houses. yeah, and seeing as eddie dupre is coming tonight, we thought maybe we'd put on a little show oh, no, no, no, no, mom. no, no, don't you even think about it. i think mr. dupre might, uh, might enjoy hearing it.  going to berkeley going to berkeley going to berkeley now. you wrote that all by yourself, dad.  oh, i got it, i got it, i got it, i got it. hello, i'm eddie dupre. uh, hi, i'm alex keaton. i'm alex keaton. please, come in. uh, can i take your coat. thank you. mr. dupre, uh, i, uh, i can't tell you how meaningful it is to meet you after all these years. we are truly two of your biggest fans. wonderful of you to say that. but who are you. oh. um, this is mymy father, steven keaton. this is my mother, elyse keaton. come in. please, come in. this is my girlfriend, uh, lauren miller. my sisters, mallory and jennifer. hi. uh, mr. dupre, there's something i don't understand. that's the standard opening to any remark she's likely to make. no, it's about these "blues" you keep referring to. what exactly are you blue about. little lady, personally, i'm not blue about anything. these blues are like a pain. pain that a man has when his woman leaves him. yeah, that's the blues, all right. thank you, "lead belly" keaton. uh, mr. dupre, listen. ii thought maybe when you came on the show, what i'd like to do isis talk a little bit about your roots. yeah, and where you come from, um do you remember what your first paying job was. i was 12 years old down in statesboro, georgia, where i was living at when mcphail's medicine show come through the town, selling some medicine out of a bottle they said that was good for rheumatic pain, pneumonia and anything that ails you. they had a little show that drawed the crowd around and they hired me for five cents a day. and all the medicine i could use. i'll sing a little song. give me the guitar. yeah. show you how i did it. it was something like this. did you ever hear the blues on a battered old guitar. did you ever hear the blues over yonder, lord, so far. did you ever hear the blues on a saturday night. worrying about some chick didn't treat you right people did you ever hear the blues. oh, whoa. thank you.  mr. dupre, uh, it just struck me. we can't just do one night. wewe got to have an eddie dupre festival. uh, four nights of interviews. and then on the fifth night, you perform live. slow down. just one interview that's it. but, eddie uh, mr. dupre, um, it's just that, you know, i think this is a chance for you toto get back to doing what you love. you don't understand. i'll talk on your show. i'll answer your questions. but eddie dupre will not sing in public anymore. : oh, yes, yes, yes. that was blind  : that was blind lem that was blind lemon jefferson singing "going to the country," which was recorded in mobile, alabama, april 17, 1936. now, also on that date, april 17, 1936, xerox was first offered over the counter. at $20 a share. and, hey, don't it give you the blues to know you didn't get in at that price. okay. it's 8:34 here on wlel, i'm alex keaton he's so cute. your blues man and stock analyst for the night. i want to remind you that the legendary blues guitarist eddie dupre will be joining us right here in the studio. now, i know i said he was dead but i was dead wrong.  okay, now, here is eddie dupre, singing one of his favorites, "john henry. " the captain, he said to john henry bring my steel drill hey, eddie. you're here. great. you didn't think i was going to show up. oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. please, sit down. oh. thank you, thank you. whoa, okay, great. uh, listen, can i get you something to drink. black coffee will do. black coffee. black coffee. beverage of the blues. andand a heck of a tune, too, huh. mama get mad when papa don't bring no if you're going to sing, i'm going to leave. well, eddie, uh, normally i get a lot of requests for my fine vocal stylings, but, um tonight is your night. don't worry. okay. um  all right. all right. joining me now in the studio is the blues great, eddie dupre. so if you have any questions for mr. dupre, call us here at 555wlel. and, uh, why don't i get it started. uh, eddie, uh, can you tell us a little bit about the kind of music you make. music is not to be talked about. it's like talking to somebody about making love. you don't talk about it, you just do it. all right, okay. i see. it's going well. it's going okay. hello. wlel. you're on the air. man: mr. dupre, i'm one of your biggest fans. this bozo keaton told me you were dead, and it got me real upset. so, if you get a wreath of flowers, they're from tony. thanks, tony. yeah, hello. wlel. you're on the air. mallory: hi, alex. um, have you seen my pink sweater. hey, mal mal, we're on the air. you mean i'm on the radio. yes. mom. quick. turn it on. i'm on the radio. yeah, hello. wlel. you're on the air. man: mr. dupre, i'm professor webster from the music department here at leland, and i'm a very big fan of yours. thanks. i love you. i've been trying to track you down forever. i'm staging a blues show at the high note cafe, and i really want you to be a part of it. thank you, but i'm not interested. hey, uh, eddie, that, you know, that'sthat's a big chance. didn't i tell you i wasn't going to perform anymore. well, ii'm very disappointed, because in my mind, you're the greatest blues man to ever hold a guitar. well goodbye. you know, ii have to agree with professor webster. um i mean, it mr. dupre, it just seems to me that this is a big opportunity. i don't see why you wouldn't grab it. people don't want to hear a bus driver sing the blues. okay. well uh, we're going to play a song now that mr. dupre recorded in 1943. it's called "cornbread and peas. " i don't want no cornbread and peas and black molasses i don't want no cornbread and peas and black molasses been a long time since i heard that. i made that out in chicago, in okeh studio. it was so cold when i made that record, my fingers froze to the "e" chord. listen. that's lightning fats on the rhythm guitar. that's little willie on the bass. hey, boy mm.   wow. they don't make music like that anymore, do they, ladies and gentlemen. hi. wlel. alex keaton. he's so cute. man: i'd like to say something to mr. dupre. i just want to say that i would walk 15 miles in the snow to hear you play. sorry i got to disappoint you like that. wlel. you're on the air. bill: this is bill from alpha lambda phi, and our whole fraternity's hoping you'll play. and if not, we're wondering if lauren is still available. you're off the air. hello, you're on the air. woman: eddie i've got every one of your records, and i've been waiting my whole life to hear you play live. for your fans, please reconsider. well, mr. dupre, looks like a lot of people would rather see you play the blues than drive a bus. so good baby so good, i don't mean maybe you make me feel so good so good, so good, so good well, i feel so good feel like fallin' down, hey so good. hey. hey. hey. all right, andy. okay, buddy. whatever i sing, you sing. okay. all right. baby, please don't go baby, please don't go baby, please don't go baby, please don't go baby, please don't go down to new orleans baby, please don't go down to new orleans 'cause i love you so 'cause i love you so baby, please don't go. you are a naturalborn bluesman, andy. you are, too, bro. : very good. very good indeed. i had no idea we had two such downhome funky hepcats in the keaton family. you're right, dad. we're cool. absolutely. andy has even decided what he's going to be when he grows up. oh, what is that. a bluesman. no, a music publisher. bluesmen don't make money. you must understand, professor webster see, in my view, your "pawn shop blues" has overtones of the aeolian cadences in mahler's "das lied von der erde. " that's the way i think, too. you see, mr. dupre, you are the absolute epitome of the american spirit. professor webster, you're going to get on my nerves. "mr. dupre, you're a living legend. "mr. dupre, you're indebted to the blues. mr. dupre, you're a national treasure. " you caused all this. yeah, i'm proud of it. i just happen to believe that the blues of eddie dupre are every bit as important a contribution to american culture as huckleberry finn. why don't you go find huckleberry finn and hassle him, too. hi. hi. alex: hi, girls. eddie: hi. hi, mr. dupre. we just wanted to let you know that over the past few days, well, we've really become big blues fans. yeah. so we made this for you. yeah. thank you. what is it. oh, it's a scarf with all the shades of blue in it. like the blues. do you know you girls are becoming sweethearts of the blues. steven: yeah. all right. we'll see you later. have a good show. come on, buddy. have a good one. oh all right, so you nervous. i got the two coldest feet in history. the last time i played before an audience was 1965. you wasn't born then. and i don't know what xerox was selling at. i've got a good notion to just jump right out that door. no, eddie, listen to me. if you don't sing tonight, i will. keaton, you fight dirty. alex: evening. we, uh we have a very special treat for you tonight. a legendary blues artist we haven't heard nearly enough of in a in a long, long time. uh, he's come a long way to be here tonight. listen, there's nothing i can say about this guy that he can't say himself with his music. ladies and gentlemen, mr. eddie dupre.  guess i'm supposed to play you some blues. so here i go. i'm tired of runnin' around think i'll get married and settle down this old sportin' life it is a mean life and it's killin' me yes, it is i got a letter from my home all my schoolmates they are dead and gone it'll make you worry it'll make you wonder my days are gone. this next song is for a special friend of mine. if you lose your money please don't you lose your mind don't lose your mind if you lose your money please don't lose your mind well, if you lose your woman please, please don't fool with mine come rain, come sunshine, from the skies from the skies above, blue, blue skies above let it come rain, come sunshine from the skies, the lonely skies above the blue, blue skies above you know if i'm a fool i'm a fool about the woman i love yes, i am walk on, walk on walk on walk on walk on, walk on walk on walk on people, i'm going to keep on walking until i find my way back home talk and tell me something. my mind gets worried when my shoes get thin don't know where i'm going but i do know where i've been i'm gonna walk on, walk on i'm gonna walk on and on and on and on and on and on and on i'm gonna keep on walking till i find my way back home let me tell you something. bright lights are shining people, i've got to be on my way i'm gonna leave tomorrow but i'm coming back someday i've got to walk on, walk on walk on on and on and on and on i'm gonna keep on walking till i find my way back home i'm gonna keep on walking till i find my way back home hey, hey, hey walk on.  )