oh, morning, jen. how about some breakfast. what's the point of breakfast. or any meal, or anything, for that matter. i mean, after all, life is basically a series ofof random, absurd, unrelated events not linked in any logical pattern, existing in a complete void that mocks our attempts to impose order and meaning upon it. in that case, can i have your bagel. when did all this occur to you. ever since my advanced literature class started its unit on existentialism. what's existentialism. he's so young. andy, an existentialist is someone who likes to take their clothes off in public. existentialism is a belief that there is no real grand design to life and consequently, no real meaning. still, that's no reason for a person to take their clothes off. it's a shame you're too depressed to eat, honey. got some wonderful corn muffins here. delicious, yummy, yummy muffins. somebody's favorite. mom, they do look good, butbut "while others live to eat, i eat to live. " socrates. "breakfast is the most important meal of the day. " cap'n crunch. hey. hi. how you doing. good. hi, lauren. hey, lauren. hi. hey, cut it out. we're trying to eat here. i'm sorry, andy. it's just that alex and i aren't gonna see each other for a few weeks. i'm going to a psychology conference in detroit. oh, well, why don't you take him along as an exhibit. lauren, i know how you feel. i mean, the only way you could keep me away from nick for a couple of weeks would be to lock me in my room. forget it, steven. hey, alex, just because lauren's gonna be away for a while doesn't mean you're gonna be spending more time at home, does it. ii got plenty to do. i start teaching today. freshman seminar on campus. basic applied economic principles of capitalism in the postindustrial era. boy, let's hope they have festival seating for that one. you know, actually, uh, teaching this class is gonna fulfill all of my requirements for my degree. then it's on to graduation. boy, how time does fly. next year at this time, mallory will be graduating. yeah, hopefully. what was that. happily. happily. i'll be graduating happily. wait, graduation at grant college should be a pretty impressive ceremony. who's the guest speaker gonna be. soupy sales. very funny, alex. they have no plans to invite him back. well, i guess i'll see you guys later. take good care of alex for me. sure you don't want to take him with you. it's tempting. see this, jen. see this. how could life be absurd when a woman like this can't tear herself from my side. you just proved my point. now, you may ask, and, uh, rightfully so, what is economics. well, let's go to the dictionary. the word "economics" derives from the greek oikonamus, meaning a manager of estates' or households' moneys. well, the word money itself derives from the greek moneta, or the latin moola. well, let's go now to our history books. excuse me, miss. me. uh, yeah, you. do you have any idea what time it is. uh, well, i've got 6:38. i got 11:05. oh, i think you're right. find a seat right there, please. now, as i was saying, if you go to the history books, you'll see that money was not always used as a method of transaction. excuse me. uh, sorry. that was me. ah. actually, it wasn't me. it was, uh, wolfgang hensel singing die zauberfl te. well, miss, justjust do me a favor and just keep it down. okay. i'm really sorry. now, as i was saying, in ancient times, the barter system was in place and livestock were often used instead of money as a means of exchange. now, eventually, the practice was dropped. for one thing, barter is an imprecise method of transaction. for another thing, it's hard to fit a goat in your wallet. yeah, okay, settle down, people. but seriously, folks, barter was, uh it was a terrible system. uh, now, in the fourth century, the coinage of oh, boy. all right. okay. that's okay. are you all right. i'm fine, really. thank you. all right, okay, everybody. that's, uh that's enough for today. i'm gonna let you go early so you can, uh, read the first four chapters of your textbook, if you're rich and you know it, clap your hands. all right. thank you very much. ii'm really sorry for interrupting the class. ii really enjoyed your lecture. yeah, i could tell. i thought your joke was funny, too. no kidding. you know, ii got a million of them. um, you ever hear the one, uh, about the quarter that asked the dollar bill out for a date. it was the quar thethe dollar bill says, "wait a minute, you know, this isn't gonna work. "uh, it won't be an equal relationship. for one thing, i'm four times bigger than you. " andand then the quarter says i'm sorry. then the quarter says, "that's okay. i'll bring three friends. " wait, maybe i didn't tell it right. no, it's not you. it's not. it's just although that's a horrible joke. yeah, my girlfriend doesn't like it, either. neither does my mom. or my sisters. i don't know, maybe it's you know, it's just not a girl's joke. although my dad hates it, too. it's just a really bad joke. look, look, i've got to go. oh, here. you all right. look i'm really sorry. um, just, ii've been having a really bad week here. um, saturday i broke up with my boyfriend, and yesterday i someone stole my bicycle, and today all my cat's hair fell out. excuse me. her name is fluffy. i'll have to change it now. uh, listen, um, miss miss marty. uh, brody. marty. marty brody is my look, i've taken up enough of your time just trying to say my name. thank you for being thank you for you know, you're so considerate and, uh next time, ii promise, no no interruptions. just, uh, one more interruption. are you are you available for tutoring. uh, tutoring. well, ii don't know, miss. uh, i've got, you know, my own classes to contend with, and i got, you know, lectures to prepare. i'll pay you 15 bucks an hour. wednesday work for you. wednesday is fine. oh, oh, wait, wait, wait, wait. wednesday's my wednesday's my orchestra rehearsal. what about what about thursday. uh, thursday. thursday is my seminar on foreclosing on the elderly. orchestra what, are you you're a music major. oh, see, that's what i wanted to to talk to you about. you see, with with all my rehearsals and lessons and theory classes, ii'm just not gonna have much time for economics. which well, even if i had time for it, i don't i don't like it very much, but then who does, you know. right. you do. anyway, um, how's tomorrow. tomorrow. tomorrow actually is good. oh, great. oh, great, oh oh, ii've got to run. it's 6:38. i oh. what just happened. coming. hi. hi. so, you, uh you ready for your tutoring. come on in. thanks. i guess we should get to work. um, follow me. all right, um uh, okay. here we go. miss brody. i'm scared. uh, just take a left at the sustain pedal. listen, i want to thank you for being so sensitive inin class yesterday. oh, it's all right. it's, uh it's a teacher's job to be sensitive. so how's fluffy. oh, not so good. it looks like she fell into a tub of nair. i think she's in for a slow mating season. well, we all know that feeling. is there something wrong. i mean, fluffy didn't lose any more hair, did she. oh, no, no, no, she'sshe's right there. aah. you should put a hat on that thing. i'm a little nervous about this tutoring stuff. why. i don't know. ii'm just not very good with formal academic study. ii sometimes i just don't feel comfortable unless i'm sitting at a piano. you are sitting at a piano. you're right. i wish i could play. have you ever tried. me. no, forget about it. no, i am the most unmusical person in the world. oh, well, no, here, ii can teach you. really, really, sit. just name a song you want to learn. this is not gonna work. no, no, it'll be great. come on, come on. do you know the bush campaign jingle. no. but well, letlet's try this. gershwin. ger i love gershwin. great. now you try it. it was perfect. trtry again. i'm good at this. never had a lesson. yes. yes. yes, you did it. you did it. yeah, we've got our act together. we should take it on the road. uh, miss brody marty you play beautifully. well, uh, wwe should get to work, alex. uh yeah, uh, yeah. we should, uh we should we should get to work. uh, just go slow till i get the hang of it. oh, yeah, yeah. hey, don't worry. you know, you're gonna love this. you're gonna love this. uh, now, if we turn to page one of our textbook, we'll see that economics relies on the principles of production and distribution. i'll see you guys later. oh, where are you going, jen. uh, i'm going down to the bookstore to get some more material for my existentialism class. listen, jen, while you're there, pick me up a copy of tummy tuck tips. it's by cher. uh, jen, jen, don't you think you're going a little overboard with this, uh, existentialism stuff. i just want to find out the meaning of life. well, did you ever think of asking your parents. okay. what's the meaning of life. elyse. why do you do this to me. because you're there. i what are you so threatened by, dad. is it because, deep down, you're worried that there's no real meaning to life. that it's all just a tale told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, signifying nothing. and that when we die, we're we're condemned to spend eternity in a vast, infinite expanse of nonexistence, confronting what camus called "the benign indifference of the universe". dad, that is a ridiculous and inane rebuttal that only proves my point about the meaninglessness of the universe. jen, cheer up or you're grounded for the rest of your life. something wrong, alex. oh, no. i'm fine. all right, alex, what is it. what. what do you mean. come on, alex, any time you want to speak to me about something that's hard for you to talk about, you sit and sigh until i drag it out of you. no, i do not. all right, alex, come on. all right, okay. this is very difficult for me to talk about. don't worry. i'll help you along. i'm confused. about marty. because although it's the last thing in the world you wanted, you find yourself attracted to her. and you started to develop certain feelings for her that, uh, you can't control. but you have a deep, meaningful relationship with lauren. which you wouldn't want to harm in any way. so you're confused, tense and worried. thank you, mal. you're a good listener. alex, it's easy to tell that you've liked marty for the past week. you've spent every minute with her. oh, mal, that was business. i mean, i've been tutoring the girl. oh, come on, alex, if anyone tutored me that much, i'd make the dean's list. mal, nobody could tutor anybody that much. this is stupid. i mean, this is ridiculous. lauren and i have been seeing each other for a year and a half. we love each other very much. i mean, marty, marty's a terrific girl, and i'm sure, if i wasn't seeing somebody else, you know, we might possibly be good for each other. but butbut i am. so, uh so that is that. you sure. absolutely. i'm telling you, you know, this emotional stuff is overrated. a little rational, logical thought and everything is resolved. well, i'm glad you sorted that out. okay, don't forget, thursday, we start our unit on squeezing relatives out of the family business. hey, uh hey, you. hey. you know, um, uh, cleo laine is giving a concert at the newing auditorium. hey, no kidding. no. who's cleo laine. uh, well, she's one of the greatest, uh, jazz singers in the world. ii saw her i saw her do porgy and bess on broadway. it gave me it gave me the chills. really. ii saw porgy and bess. it was performed by the leland heights pta. thelma feinstein as bess. gave me the hives. well, i'm sure mr. feinstein enjoyed it. oh, absolutely. well, he was porgy. here, here, here, listen to this. she's giving a performance tonight, andand i've got two tickets. do you want to go. actually, uh, lauren's coming back tonight, so oh. well, that'sthat's that's fine. uh, listen, marty, we got to talk about this. no, no, no, that's okay. um, i'm just gonna i'm gonna go have my legs waxed. see you. look, wewe can't keep avoiding it. look, let's just forget this whole thing, okay. ii can't believe any of this. how do you think i feel. i don't know how you feel. i guess that's the problem, isn't it. look, it's not my fault that we've developed an attraction to each other. oh, we've developed an attraction to each other. my god. my god, you are so conceited. whatwhat what makes you think that i'm that i'm attracted to you. what, what, because we spend a few days together. big deal. and don't forget, i've been paying for you all along, right. you're a you're a kept man. well, i never. i mean, is that all i've been to you just a guy. you know, good for a few laughs and a few nights of cheap tutoring. well, they weren't all that cheap. weren't all that cheap, huh. all right, why don't i give you your money back, all right. let me see. seven lessons atat $15 a shot. that's $105. thank you. minus expenses. what expenses. what expen. how about that pizza i bought wednesday night. andand and my gas money going to and from your dorm. andand who bought that damn toupee for fluffy. and this. what is this. open it. alex, alex, that's it's beautiful. yeah, it was on sale. i don't know what to say. i have this incredible urge to kiss you. should i. well, i don't know. i mean, i've got a class soon, and it's already 6:38. sit, ubu, sit. good dog. )