alex. you're humming. what is with you. you hummed the entire overture to fiddler on the roof. i did not. you did. you were humming and "yidledidling" at the same time. look what you did, alex. you made me smudge my sketch. oh, i'm sorry, mal. did the crayon go outside the smurf's hat. for your information, alex, this is a sketch for my advanced design class. i've done a whole collection. do you want to see it. no, mal, i don't. you obviously don't understand how important clothes are. if we didn't have clothes, mister, we'd be naked. and if we were naked, we'd look pretty stupid wearing shoes. you know, mal, if you were to spontaneously combust right now, those would be some pretty special last words. oh, hello. hey, how was the mall. oh, fun, fun. all the clerks send their love. they're so sweet. yeah, theythey missed your mother, but i explained she was out of town on business, and they took it very well. i got some really hot sweaters, mal, and a belt. dad got attacked by women in lab coats spraying cologne. didn't affect me in the slightest. i got it. hello. yes. oh, hi. uhhuh yes yes. yes, i'm yes. uhhuh. yes. well, thank you. yeah, okay. bye. yes. scarf sale at lazarus. i just got a job at david campbell fashions. they are the top fashion design firm in ohio. oh, honey, did we even know you were up for this. no, i didn't want you to know. i mean, i didn't think i had a chance. they pick from the entire grant college fashion department. whoa. now i know how you got the job. everybody else sewed themselves together. oh, now i'm in fashion. i mean, i really, really am. well, mallory, you're on your way. jennifer, you don't know. it's such an honor to be chosen for this. you have to work long hours, you have to be on call at all times and you don't get paid. sounds like your job, dad. "and so, robin hood and maid marian, friar tuck "and little john went back to sherwood forest. "and lived happily ever after "off the interest they were earning from robin's investment in junk bonds. the end. " it's amazing. each time you hear one of those classic tales, you discover something new. alex can really tell a story. this one was even better than the one about rapunzel and her lucrative hair salon franchise. yeah, yeah, yeah, what, uh, what was this one about. it was about robin hood. how he stole from the poor and gave to the rich. no, no, that'sthat's not robin hood, andy. that's ronald reagan. well, there you go again, dad. is that any way to treat a lame duck. i mean, what did ronald reagan ever do to you. he made a mockery of everything i value and hold dear. and that was just during his acting career. come on, andy, i'll put you to bed. everyone, i want you to meet jamie carter. alex, alex she said "jamie," not jimmy. you ought to get that changed. that's not fair. jamie is a star designer at david campbell fashions where i'm gonna be an apprentice. oh, hi, hi. hello. i don't know if you guys remember, but in his spring '87 collection there was this incredible mint chiffon split skirt with a matching jacquard bolero. it was a jamie. see, dad i told you that was a jamie. you said it was a coco. pay up. come on, alex. let's, uh, let's let these fashioneers design away. we can go out and do something manly. let's, uh, let's go shave. yeah. come on. i'm sorry. aw, that's okay. i have a brother just like that, so i'm used to it. anyway, i'm here to formally welcome you to david campbell fashions and to answer any questions you might have. this is so exciting. well, it's not all that glamorous, really. it's a lot of menial work, you know, cutting fabric, basic sewing. oh, i can do that. and also running errands and making coffee. no problem. i'm great at that. coffee, tea, cocoa, any of the hot water beverages. um, also, jamie, ii have these designs i did for school and i'd really love to hear what you have to say. oh, mallory these are very good. especially for someone with so little training. you really have a lot of talent in this area. i'vei've done a whole line. it's called "dress for your fear of success. " hmm huh. it's for the young businesswoman. okay. these clothes say, "yes, i'm competent. "yes, i'm making a bold statement. yes, i'm a woman. can i help you." i also have this idea to design something where, if your panty line is showing, a little bell goes off. uh, oh, and also, if you accidentally tuck your skirt into your panty hose, you get an electric shock. when we're finished here, do you want to go to lunch. oh, yeah, that'd be great. jamie, this has been the most exciting week of my life. i mean, i cannot believe i got to see the new david campbell fashions before anybody else at my school. you said this wasn't glamorous, but it really is. oh, my god. oh, here. oh, my god, it's david campbell, and i'm sewn to a dummy. oh, jamie. oh, david, let me introduce you. this is mallory keaton, our new apprentice. hi. i love your hair. jamie, i love your new designs. it's been quite a while since we've seen anything new from you. yeah, well, thanks. it just kind of came to me. well, i think we should share them with everyone. everybody, please. now. no, no, you don't have to. don't be silly. yvette's going to model. i didn't know you had done some new designs. you're so modest. no, i'm really not. no, you are. i mean, all this time you've been doing these designs, and you still had time to show a new apprentice the ropes. isn't this exciting. bonechilling. this is jamie's latest creation. very nice. dress for your fear of success. this design allows the young professional woman to assert herself, yet keep every bit of her femininity. it's beautiful. thank you. i go now. i want that in tomorrow's show. you've done it again, kid. it's over, alex. it's not over, jen. it's not over until the fat bishop sings. well, tell him to start warbling, pal, because you're looking at checkmate. jen, look out behind you. nice try, alex. jen, i'm serious. jen, it's a monster. jen, it's a beast. it's a giant furry creature. jen, i mean it. what do you think i am, still six years old. i'm gonna turn around, you're gonna knock the pieces off the board. no. jen it's hideous. jen. no, monster, don't touch her. leave her alone. she's my sister. i love her. aah. oops. you're seriously ill. you know that, don't you. that may be true, but i'm also undefeated. hey, mal. where you been. you guys are not gonna believe this. i'm so confused. just generally, or is this something specific. why. what happened. jamie carter, she stole the designs i did for school. wait, she did what. she took my designs and she presented them to david campbell as her own. david loved them. they're gonna be in the new collection tomorrow. well, that's awful, mallory. what are you gonna do. i don't know. what do you mean, you don't know. you're gonna go in there, you're gonna tell him what she did. i don't think i could bring myself to do that, alex. it's just not me. are you saying you're just gonna do nothing, just chalk it up as a learning experience. i guess so. is it possible maybe just once a learning experience could be fun. what about calling mom. she'll know what to do. no, i want to handle this on my own. so don't tell dad either, okay. i can't believe this. my first experience in the fashion world, and look what happens. i mean, is it always like this, alex. is this what the business world is like. lying, stealing, cheating, corruption. if it's done right, yeah. then i can't compete. i can't live my life like this. no, mal, i'm kidding. mal, i'm kidding. no, it should be tough. it should be competitive, butbut it should also be fair. i mean, lying and stealing should not be a part of it. you know, i just have to believe this is gonna come back to her. you know, her karma will get her. yeah, there's something we can hang our hat on. her karma will get her. come on. it's pretty much a fact, alex. i mean, whatever you put out there, it comes right back at you. get out of here. no, it's a neverending cycle of cosmic retaliation. come on. it's true. if you're mean or petty or vengeful, that type of energy flows out around you, and into the universe that you inhabit. if you're negative or selfish, concerned only about yourself and your own feelings, soon that negativity will envelop you and become the very air that you breathe. i'm doomed. it's packed out there. everybody ready. yeah, i'm ready. yeah. joe, you work with renee. jamie, you work with, uh, mallory. but i really you have a problem with that. no. not at all. good. do you have a problem with that. no, i'm fine. okay, everybody, let's go. no, whoa, whoa, wait a minute. that's not the way it goes. no, mallory, leave it, i like it that way. no, it's wrong. mallory, you are the apprentice. i think i know a little something about this design. jamie, it's bunching up in back. it looks fine. no, i'm telling you, it's bunchy. and i'm telling you it's fine. now, yvette, is it possible for you to stop complaining just once. say it, don't spray it. hi. i'm i'm sorry, i didn't know you were getting breast. dressed. i'm s alex alex, what are you doing here. i, um, just i came by to wish you luck, mal. oh, good luck, honey. i just wanted no, no, no, this is totally wrong. who did you. who did him. no, i'm s thank you, thank you. did you, uh, did you confront her. alex, i can handle it myself, okay. no, you're not handling it, mal. i know you. you're you're too soft. you're too forgiving, you know. you're too good for your own good. ouch, man. i am not a pincushion, you know. look, alex, i appreciate your concern, but i have a lot of work to do here. yeah, i just don't like to see you taken advantage of. they love me. will someone stop dad before he goes around again. dad, what are you doing. mal, mal, i never really knew what you saw in the fashion world, but now that i've had a taste of it, i'm hooked. it's great, mal. well, i'm gonna go out and watch the rest of the show. okay, yeah, yeah. hey, dad i hate my hair. jamie, i love this suit more and more every time i see it. thank you. it will be the hit of the new season. i think it's the best work you've ever done. mallory, grab that box of bracelets, please. i need those bracelets. i can't believe this. that is my outfit. i made that jacket, it took me months. how can you stand here and smile and take the credit for it. you really don't understand the business world, do you, mallory. no, i don't, jamie. why don't you explain it to me. explain how someone can pretend to be your friend and pretend to like you, and then turn around and stab you in the back. why did you do this to me. because i'm no good anymore. what. i'm just burnt out, okay. the ideas are gone, and if i didn't come up with something soon, i was gonna be gone, too. what are you talking about. you've been the star designer here for five years. oh, let me tell you something. in this business, you are only as good as your last design. but that doesn't give you any right you don't know what it's like for me. i sit in front of that drawing board night after night, waiting for the ideas to come and nothing happens. ii look at my old drawings, and i have to ask myself, "why can't i do this anymore." let's just get this over with. uh, david. yes. uh, mallory has something she wants to say to you. yes, mallory, what is it. um uh ii just wanted iii really appreciate this opportunity. it's really been great. thank you. it's nice having you here. you know, this would be much easier if you would just hate me. it'd be easier for me, too, but i can't do that, okay. if it's any consolation, my brother hates you. that's it, people. the show's over. good. okay, everyone, let's take a bow, huh. come on. yeah. what a night. yeah, you were the hit of the show, dad. just glad none of my peers were there to witness it. why didn't you let me in on what was happening, mal. well, i wanted to handle it myself, dad. i mean, you're a parent, and you always want to make it all better. and you usually do. but i wanted to make it all better by myself. well, you handled yourself tonight with grace and dignity. i wish i could say the same thing for you, dad. you know, i guess this is mostly my fault for being so naive. i mean, i've always looked at the world through rosetinted glasses in expensive italian frames. i gotta stop doing that. whoa, mal, no, you don't. you don't, okay. you go through life trusting and always believing that the best is gonna happen. you can't give that up. you're helping, nurturing, reaching out to people. that's what life is all about, mal. whoa, where am i. i should have said something. i mean, doesn't this make me kind of a i don't know, a pansy. oh, no, no, no listen, not at all. if anything, it gives you strength of character. no, not a pansy. more like a rhododendron. i'm proud of you, mal. thanks. so, kids, what do you say. should i go into modeling professionally. you do that, and i'm transferring to a high school in china. that color's all wrong for you. hey, mal, you doing okay. i don't know, alex. i'm so disappointed. i mean, i never thought the fashion world would be like this. i had this, i had this vision of, of, of what it would be like. that it'd be a bunch of designers, all working together, creating beautiful clothes. then people would pop their heads into other people's offices and say, "does this need a raglan sleeve or a dolman sleeve or a kimono sleeve." and i'd say, "no, a regular setin drop sleeve will be fine. " and then we'd all laugh and go to lunch. yeah, that'd be great, mal. course, there's a fine line between what you're describing and a mental institution. mal, you're good, you know. youryour designs were the best in the show. nobody can take that away from you. thanks. oh, it's jamie. all right, well, good night, mal. good night. and, uh, mal, count the silverware when she leaves. hi. hi. can i come in. sure. what are you doing here. i mean, it seemed to me that there was nothing more to say. oh, yes, there is. i told david. you told him. why. because i couldn't live with myself. how could i do that to someone like you. how could i do that at all. you don't need to steal, jamie. i mean, i've seen your work it's incredible. maybe you're in a slump right now, but you'll come out of it. you know, when i saw your sketches, they were so wonderful. they were so alive and fresh and they reminded me of what i was once. i think i almost convinced myself they were mine. ii'm so sorry, mallory. can you forgive me. yeah, i can forgive you. 'cause you know, i was thinking. if my designs were good enough for someone like you to steal, then they're good enough for someone to buy. and maybe i really do have what it takes. you definitely do. you know, i told david about your other sketches, how good they are and he wants to meet with you. really. uhhuh. that's great. thanks. mallory, you're really gonna go far. maybe, one day, you can even give me some pointers. oh, you know, i have one of your skirts. and to tell you the truth, in the back, it's a little bunchy. sit, ubu, sit. good dog. )