i bet we've been together for a million years and i'll bet we'll be together for a million more oh, it's like i started breathing on the night we kissed and i can't remember what i ever did before what would we do, baby without us. what would we do, baby without us. and there ain't no nothin' we can't love each other through oohhoo what would we do, baby without us. shalalala okay, skip take a look around. what do you see. i see the gym a place where i routinely hurt myself. the gym. skip, the gym. that's all you see. see, that's why i'm chairman of the prom committee and you're prom garbage captain this isn't the gym. well, yeah, today it's the gym. but in one week it's gonna be transformed ininto a magnificent civil war plantation it'll just, smell like a gym. sounds great. oh it's gonna be great. skip, we're gonna have a magnolia grove back here. and, uh, thisthis is gonna be the mason dixon line. and, uh, back here the girls' locker room you know what that's gonna be. heaven. no, skip, that's where we're gonna put the mansion. come on we've got a lot of work to do. can you, uh, start by getting the trees. right away, boss. hi, alex. how's it going. oh, rachel, it's going great. you know, this is gonna be the best prom in the school's history. oh, great idea you had for the theme "gone with the wind. " oh, well thank you. but, i liked your idea, "sunset on wall street. " yeah, i guess it was just too romantic for this crowd. everything's under control. so, alex, do you have a da tuxedo for the prom yet. yeah sure. how about a date. huh. who i mean, uh do you have a date yet. well, uh, no. no, not yet. as a matter of fact, i was planning to ask, uh, jocelyn clark. oh jocelyn jocelyn she's nice. thatthat's nice. yeah, i know, but uh have to admit i'm a little nervous about it. why, alex i think any girl would be thrilled to go with you. well, i know that. i know, but, jocelyn's jocelyn is just so special you know. i'm uh, i'm merely extraordinary. i don't know, sometimes exextraordinary's enough. thanks, rach. you know you're okay. whoa rach there she is. jocelyn clark. excuse me for a minute. wish me luck, rach. good luck, alex. jocelyn. so, you're really gonna go with this dumb "gone with the wind" theme, huh. well, it uh, wasn't my idea, but, uh, i'm just one guy, you know. uh, jocelyn, you know, speaking of the prom, i wi was wondering uh well since since i'm gonna be there and i assume that you're gonna be there uh why don't we be there together. what a cute idea. thank you. but i can't. brad hamilton asked me yesterday. sorry, alex. i guess, uh guess i just, asked you too late, huh. no, i would have waited for brad. alex, i just want you to know that i saw the entire thing, and if i were her i would have said "yes. " let's hope it doesn't come to that, skip. guess what, mom. today, mrs. anderson read my poem in front of the whole class. well, that's wonderful, honey. we'd love to hear it. uh, speak for yourself, dad. come on, jennifer let's hear it. "a poem" by jennifer keaton. "we live in a shadow of nuclear bomb. one day we're here the next we're gone. " uh, so how was your day, alex. i think the poem pretty well sums it up. i know why alex is depressed. he asked jocelyn clark to the prom today and she said "no. " it's all over school. who would believe it. president of the prom committee and i can't get a date. i'd go with you, alex, but i already have a date. who. just kidding. even the chaperones have dates. don't look at me. to make matters worse, rachel miller's on her way over here right now to work on prom plans. how am i supposed to get my heart into this now. don't feel so bad, alex. i'll bet a lot of unpopular guys don't have dates. ah, there she is now. i'll get it. yo rach. hi. hi. hi rachel, good to see you. hi honey, how are ya. hi, rachel. we don't have much left to do. but we have to pick the music. now i brought some tapes here of a few bands. we have "bloody awful", "return of the dead" and "liver damage. " why don't we go upstairs and let rachel and alex get some work done. wow, this is great. i wish i had liver damage. it can be arranged. come on, alex, let's listen to the tapes. terrific, just what i'm in the mood for. what's the matter. jocelyn turned me down. i'm depressed. i'm saddened. i'm crushed. i know. i heard. i'm sorry. how could that happen. you know, we were so sure she was gonna say "yes. " you know, it's torture when you when you want something so bad and you just can't have it. you know what i mean. yes, i do. ah, there i go, crying on your shoulder again. why do i always do that. no, it's okay, i don't i don't mind. ohhh enough of this blubbering. let's listen to these tapes. the prom must go on. okay. i think we have some good stuff here. hey, that's not bad. that's "bloody awful. " uhh i kind of like it. that's the name of the group. i know. it was a joke. i was joking. ohohh that's that's funny. hey, do you want to see if this stuff's danceable. oh, no, i'm i'm a really bad dancer. rach, trust me, so am i. boy you weren't kidding. but that's okay, we dance badly well together. uh you know, rach, this is kind of nice. i never thought of you as someone that i could dance with. ow. ow. sorry. sorr . it's okay. you know, i just had a crazy thought. why don't why don't we go to the prom together. you mean, you and me. yeah. oh, ii would love to go. great. yo, this is wonderful. not only do i get to go to the prom, now, but with you. the nicest guy i know. ow. uh, maybe, uh maybe we could stop dancing, now. this could get painful. i can stand it if you can. sure. ow. you asked rachel to the prom. that's a brilliant idea. why didn't we think of it sooner. i don't know, skip. you know, sometimes in life, there are things that should be so clear to us, yet, uh we're oblivious. huh. never mind, listen we've got a lot of work to do. i need you to climb up here and hang this half moon. you've got it. hey, jocelyn. how're you doing. fine. just fine. everything is going great here. you know we're going to run another magnolia grove right along there by the bleachers. oh, alex. okay, we're not locked into it. jocelyn, what's wrong. well, brad and i, we had a fight. he broke our date for the prom. what am i going to do, alex. i don't know, jocelyn. oh, alex. i'm so sorry that i said no to you yesterday. i mean, you're much sweeter and nicer than brad is. i am. i mean, i do my best. i don't suppose you don't suppose what. that you would still want to take me. i think that we would have a fabulous time together you, me us. what do you think. i ii think, i think you're right. i i'd love to go with you. but, alex. you can't do that. uh, excuse me. wwait a minute what are you doing. do you do you mean it, alex. i do of course i'd love to go with you. forget about oh thank you so much, alex. you know, i hope alex you're not rem you're not doing this just because you're sorry for me. oh, i'm not. i'm not. jocelyn what about the othe. believe me, i'm not. i think we're gonna have a really good time. alex this is incredible. i can not believe this. i have waited for years to go out with her. alex. can you believe this. aren't you forgetting about something. what. rachel. the girl you asked out yesterday. rachel. i forgot about rachel. how do i get myself into these things, skip. just lucky, i guess. here she comes now, boss. this isn't going to be easy, skippy. hi, alex. hi, skippy. is he always this emotional. listen, uh rachel, i have to talk to you. oh, i have something you can keep that. uh, what is it. it's a swatch of my prom dress. i'm making it myself. i was so excited, i stayed up all night sewing. anyway, i thought you'd want to know what color it is to match the corsage. yesyes indeed i do. you know, i've been waiting for the senior prom my whole life. i don't know i i didn't think i was going to get to go, but, when you asked me, i'm just so glad we're going together. so am i. anyway, i have to run. i have a lot of sewing to do. okay, bye. alex i hate to be the one to point this out to you, but, uh, you've got two dates to the prom. i'm aware of that, skip. and if i calculate correctly that's one date too many. no, skip, that's one me too few. one man. one prom. two dates. each date ignorant of the other's existence. you know, we're gonna make history, skip. we have an appointment with destiny. well, cancel it, alex. i'm scared. relax, skip. okay, let's go over the plan once more. now, the north end of the gym is now called. . area a. okay. at no point is rachel to enter area a prior to 8:57. . got it. okay, now areas b and d are free zones which means either girl may enter provided the band provided the band is not on a break at the time. very good. okay, now remember when i'm with rachel, i'm gonna be wearing the blue boutonniere. when i'm with jocelyn the red one. uhh, rachel, jocelyn, red, blue. got it. okay. now, there are emergency exits at either end of the gymnasium. the master switch box is behind the blue wrestling mat. this will allow you to switch off the lights, lower the backboards, and in case of an emergency, open the floor over the swimming pool. let's hope it doesn't come to that. if i'm ever in this situation with uh two dates for a prom, will you do the same thing for me. skipper, let's cross that bridge when we come to it. ohoh. mallory. you'll never guess what alex did. uh skip, that's a secret. what's a secret. i'm sorry, but i swore to alex i wouldn't tell and i'm not going to violate that sacred oath. tell me, skippy. alex has two dates for the prom. skippy. i'm sorry, alex, but she broke me down. i'm only human. what's going on here. alex asked out both rachel and jocelyn. how could you have two dates. well, come on, mallory. mom and dad have always encouraged us to go out with more than one person. alex, you crazy. you're not going to pull this off. sure we will. tonight, alex and i have an appointment with dentistry. destiny, skip, destiny. having fun. wonderful, i'm so glad you asked me. i'm glad you said yes. remember our prom. oh, like it was yesterday. oh i remember the band played uh, "our day will come" and uh wait a minute. you know the way kids dance today they never stay with their partners well, i guess i'm glad he's not a shy boy. boy, i'm exhausted. let's sit the rest of this dance out. oh, i'm sorry i tired you out. aw, rachel, it wasn't you. it was me, uh over danced. you know, this is wonderful. it's so romantic. ii feel like i'm in the old south all this old glory. looks great. we did a great job. i can practically smell the magnolias blossoming. and the mints juliping. listen, uh rachel, have i told you how good you look tonight. no. i'll be right back and i'll tell you. so rachel, are you having a good time. great time. yup, he's quite a guy. you don't know the half of it. well, i still think it's a dumb theme for a prom. well, jocelyn you justyou have to use your imagination. you know, picture picture the south in all it's glory uh, magnolias blossoming, mints juliping. mints juliping. hi, having fun. uh, yeah mom and dad. uh, this is jocelyn, my uh date. yeah. prom chairman. attention. prom chairman, please report to area a, uh the bandstand. please report to the bandstand excuse me. skippy, that was a serious breach of protocol. alex, i'm sorry, but rachel started asking questions. she wanted to know why you were spending so much time with jocelyn. oh, no, what did you tell her. that you were tutoring her in math. good thinking, skip. look out, rachel at 4 o'clock. hi. hi, alex. i requested our song. aw, that's "bloody awful. " no, i like it. that was a joke. i know. i'm glad all our hard work paid off. this is gonna be an evening i'll never forget. me neither. alex, i've got to talk to you. not now, skippy. it's important. look, can't it wait. no. i'm sorry, rachel. official prom business. youyou're really jeopardizing the plan here. you're supposed to be with jocelyn. i'm having a good time with rachel, over here. alex. this is the prom. it's no time to enjoy yourself. go over to jocelyn, stall her. she has been giving me the eye. maybe she's taken with me. excuse me jocelyn, would you like to dance. with you. don't be silly. we'll find you somebody else. you having a good time, rachel. yeah, a great time. alex is quite a date. ththat seems to be the consensus. may i have your attention please. i'd like to thank all of you for coming tonight. you've been a great class, and it'sit's going to be sad to see you go. and if you believe that, i've got some old textbooks i'd like to sell you. but seriously, aside from thanking all of you, i think we should all thank one of you the chairman of the prom committee. the man who made, uh "sunset at tara" a reality alex p. keaton uh, thankthank you, everybody. thank you very much. and now, alex, i think it's only appropriate that you and your date begin what will be the last dance of the 1984 prom. care to dance. see, it began simply enough. i asked you, jocelyn, to the prom, because, uh, well, i've always adored you from afar and you've always ignored me. i knew what i was doing. then, i asked rachel. and she said "yes. " and then you asked me and and i said "yes. " look, we're all familiar with the classic one boy, one girl date. this is athis is just a simple variation. i don't want to sit here and listen to any more of this. you did a horrible thing, alex, and that's all there is to it. i'm sorry, jocelyn. guess you feel the same way, huh. alex, i wish you'd never invited me to this prom. if you preferred jocelyn to me you should have just told me. i don't prefer her to you, rachel. then why did you take her to the prom when we already had a date. i thought that i preferred her to you. you know, ii thought she was everything that i ever wanted in a prom date. oh, that makes me feel great. but, i've got to tell you, rachel, it didn't turn out that way. you know, throughthrough all the madness and theand the deception and the running around from girl to girl, one thought kept recurring in my mind. you wished you'd worn roller skates. that too. no, it became more and more clear to me that, uh, it was you, not jocelyn that i wanted to be with. and why should i believe that. you're right. there is absolutely no good reason for you to believe that. i admit, my uh, my credibility is a bit suspect right now. take off one of the carnations, and maybe i'll listen. uh which one was yours. alex. look rachel, uh what's important here is not the flowers itit's that we like each other a lot. and we shouldn't let that slip away just because i did one stupid thing. alex, i do like you, but i'm mad at you and i'm more mad at myself for not being more mad at you. yeah, but not as mad as i am at myself for doing what i did to make you mad at me. and you. alex. this is my senior prom. i wanted this to be really special. it's just not the way i envisioned it. rachel, uh look on the bright side, you're never gonna forget it. the blue one's mine. i'm sorry i did this to you tonight rachel. you know, if i had only realized sooner how mhow much i like you, this never would have happened. can you forgive me. well, itit's gonna take some time. i can wait. come on, let's go home. )