hi. shh. they need their rest. oh, hey they're adorable when they're asleep, aren't they. they're like little angels. hey, what's all this. we're playing garage. you want to play. yeah, sure. oh, wait a minute. what's she doing here. that's barbie. she owns the garage. barbie owns the garage. really, she's in congress. but on weekends she's a mechanic. i think i see mom's influence here. she also won the nobel prize in physics. you've come a long way, haven't you, honey. well, let's get back to the real world, huh. where's barbie's apron. alex, stop. oh mom, a garageowning, female senator with a nobel prize in physics. it could happen. with a body like that. alex. what. what. what's the matter. i don't want alex playing with barbie anymore. mom. you heard your mother, alex. stay away from barbie. what. look, mom, it's just not realistic. kids reflect the real social if you can't play nicely, you shouldn't play at all. hi. hey. hey. where have you guys been. at the library. no, seriously. for your information, alex, i'm reading wuthering heights. oh, that's your mother's favorite book. i love wuthering heights. it's so romantic. steven, you remember when we were in college, we used to act out the scenes. aw, no. please don't. i'll get it. oh hi. aunt rosemary. hello. hello, you darling people. i'm sorry i'm late. i hope i didn't keep you waiting. i hope you weren't worried. airplane travel today is not to be believed. i had to wait four hours for my airplane, and what's the matter. why is nobody moving or speaking. it'sit'sit's such a surprise. we weren't expecting you. well, nonsense. i wrote you a letter about two months ago and told you i was coming. and then i telephoned mallory and had a long conversation with her about it. well, that explains it. i'm sorry, aunt rosemary, but i don't remember that conversation. oh, whatwhatwhat's the difference. you're here. we're here. welcome. oh, thank you. oh, elyse, you're still beautiful. mallory, you're more beautiful than ever. and steven, you have a lovely personality. how about me. oh huh. am i still beautiful. aunt rosemary. oh, and you must be nick. uh, you must be. you are definitely nick. now, i'm not saying that your greatgrandma brenda didn't like your father. she did. it was just that she had difficulty remembering his name. she used to call me phil. i remember, uh, even on her deathbed, she wanted me to know how happy she was for me thatthat your dad and i were together. and she leaned in and she took my hand and she looked me in the eye and said, "i like that phil. " we were very close. she was a great lady, my mom. i know. held that family together five kids, no husband. you know, i think it was your mom, more than anyone, who pushed me to break free. well, you and her together. you were always telling me, "go for it, elyse. you can do it. girls can do anything. " andy. you haven't changed a bit, have you. andy and i have a different opinion when it comes to this area, that's all. andy, a woman's place is. in the house. and. in the senate. et tu, andrew. there's more of them, alex. you know, it really was my mother's idea that you become an architect. you know, i think i remember that day, too. oh, goodness, i think i was nine years old, and ii was at rosemary's house. i always wanted to be a dancer. and i was there and i put on my ballet shoes, and i'd dance and i'd dance and i'd dance and when i was through, grandma brenda said, "why don't you become an architect." and the ballet world has never fully recovered. it's great having aunt rosemary here. i love when she comes to visit. she always has the greatest stories. yeah, i like hearing about when you and mr. keaton were kids. you know, stories about the old days. i wouldn't call them "the old days," nick. uh, you know what i mean, the stories from a long, long time ago. i know what you mean. no, no, i mean stories from way, way back. nick. gotcha. but it is nice, mom, that aunt rosemary has those stories from the the very recent past, when you were a teenager. rosemary was always a great storyteller. you know, the keeper of the family history, sort of. she'd write letters to everybody, keeping everyone in touch and up to date. it's nice, you know. oh, thank you. oh, that's a terrific gang you have, elyse alex, the girls, andrew phil. thank you. well, listen, i think i'm going to go back in. i brought an old scrapbook especially for the girls to see. oh, good. and there's aa story i'm just dying to tell the kids, about my mom and how it was her idea that you become an architect. what. well, don't you remember. you were about nine, and you were at our house, and you put on your ballet shoes, and you danced and you danced and you danced and you danced. and then my mother just looked at you and said, "why don't you become an architect." iii guess i forgot. shame on you. i want to hear more about greatgrandma brenda. she sounds like a terrific lady. she was. is that her, there. yes. she looked a lot like you, mallory. long dark hair and hazel eyes very, very pretty. well, of course the donnelly women have always been known for their beauty. they kept it no matter whom they married. yeah, phil. uh, gogo on, rosemary. the legend of the donnelly women goes back well into the 18th century, starting with the days of the handsome nora corrigan. ooh who was nora corrigan. she was your greatgreatgreatgreat grandmother. i love this story. it was the year 1741. a black cloud hung over ireland in the form of brutal english rule. it was written that, from this day forward, no irish man or woman could own land worth more than five pounds sterling. you know, the pound closed at $1. 69 today, so depending on when you tell this story, thatthat could be alex. sorry. go on. well, the handsome nora corrigan for that's how she was known had recently been widowed. she had a boy ten years of age, and the wicked lord calvert had just given her 24 hours to get off her land. this was a dynasty episode. there was but one way out: marry an english officer right. and give the title to him, with the hope that one day he would pass the title back to her. with no time for courting, and the sun sinking slowly in the west, she made up her handsome mind. dressed in her most beautiful of gowns, her long hair flowing in the breeze, her boot steps echoing on the cobblestones, she strode toward the tavern where the english soldiers were known to congregate. i'm scared. "who among you here," she said, "who among you here" uh "who among, who among you here," uh "who among you here is man enough to marry" i know the damn story. don't you think i know it. i told it to you for 40 years. sorry. so sheshe went into the town, and she s said to the men, uh, "whowho among" i forget things very easily, these days. i don't remember well at all, andand i have no idea at all how i got here to your house. well, beverly said no one knew her mom was coming here. rosemary apparently missed a lunch date with her and then never showed up for work. well, that explains why mallory didn't remember the phone call. there obviously wasn't any phone call. evidently, this isn't the first incident of erratic behavior, either. there've been others. excuse me, mrs. keaton, but isn't this type of forgetfulness a common sign of old age. why are you asking me. uh, well, i don't know. you were the last one to talk, so i asked you. i mean, i don't think you're an expert on aging or even aging yourself, in any way, you know. in fact in fact, i find you younger today than yesterday. but not as young as tomorrow. there can be a certain amount of forgetfulness associated with aging. i'm told. but but this seems so much more serious, you know. more peculiar i something happening to my mind. something that would cause this fine machine to slow down. that's that's my greatest fear. mine, too. worried about your mind slowing down, mal. yes. how would you know. hi. hi. hi. i'mi'm sorry for the way i acted for that outburst. i really don't know what came over me. please, please, don't apologize. that's the last thing that should be on your mind. when i say "on your mind," i mean, uh would you like anything, aunt rosemary. something to drink. maybe some water. mallory. sorry. what is going on. oh, i don't know. it started about six months ago, seven months ago. things would happen, odd things. i would forget to pay the bills and the phone would be turned off. i'm sorry just the thought of that. then i would look in the refrigerator, there'd be no food. i was sure i'd gone shopping and i hadn't. and then i'd i'd start to blank out on things. places, dates, names uh, for instance, right now, i'm looking at you andand i can't recall your name. all i see is this huge dollar sign. that's okay with me. and then things i'd used all my life, little things, iii suddenly couldn't remember what they were called. uh, like, um uh, that's a fork. knife. napkin. yes. exactly. and then, the other day, i drove to the library. books. now, it's two miles from my house to the library. i've driven it for 20 years. and on the way back, ii couldn't find my way home. i need help. hi, i'm dr. williamson. uh, sorry to keep you waiting. let's see, you must be elyse, right. yes, i'm rosemary's niece. hello. and you're phil. well, uh, actually, um phil keaton. oh. let's see, there are some things we really should discuss now. if you'd like us to go, we oh, no, i'd like you to stay, really. so, um, what is it. what's going on. what's happening to me. i'm afraid what's happening isn't very encouraging. uh the tests aren't all in yet. itit could be a number of things. but based on your symptoms, and the information we already do have from your hometown doctor, there's a very real possibility that it's alzheimer's disease. oh, no, i alzheimer's. a little forgetfulness does not have to be alzheimer's. i mean, i'm perfectly fine, most of the time. i don't understand. well, early stages can be characterized by periods of apparent stability. unfortunately, if it follows the normal path of alzheimer's ii don't mean to be cruel here. what are we talking about here, doctor. how how long, how fast. it's difficult to say exactly. we've already experienced some disorientation. rosemary, you didn't remember who the president of the united states was. i know ronald reagan is president. i just can't accept it. look, ifif this is alzheimer's, then then what do we do. how do we fight it how do we stop it. i'm afraid there's very little that we can do. uh, some patients respond to some medication. we will be able to alleviate your anxiety a little. work is being done, research, but right now, there's no known cure. well, aunt rosemary's bags are all packed. dad's up there with her now. good. thanks, honey. i don't know, mom, this it's it just doesn't feel right to just let her go like this. we have no choice. wewe have to respect her wishes. mom, i'm worried about her traveling by herself. maybe nick and i should go with her. well, that'll be good. the three of you will wind up in china. just about time. oh, yeah, dad, let me take these here. oh, thanks. you gonna be all right. i've been reading about this disease. this alzheimer's. it is cruel, honey. itit is so bitter. it just robs you of your dignity, your humanity, youryour personality elyse you have to find a way to deal with this. a way to get through it. not just for yourself, but for rosemary. i know. we're out here. um, before i forget i'm thirsty. alex said your travel plans are confirmed. yes, he took care of it. he's quite an organized little guy, isn't he. it's an area of interest. he also saved me money. that's one of his special areas of interest saving money. he's a good boy, elyse. you should be proud. i am. they're all good. and they all have a lot of you in them. maybe that's why. yeah. oh, now. don't do that. it won't make things any easier. besides, it's too early. there's time enough for that, from what i hear. i'm sorry, ii really just can't can't accept it. well, i've thought of some good things about it, anyway. what. well, from now on, i'll be able to do or say anything i damn please. people won't know whether it's me or the alzheimer's. you always said anything you wanted to, anyway. and i won't have to worry about who my real friends are. this will be a time of weeding out those who love me just for my looks. i love these pictures. there's your mom, you, me. there's alex as a baby, hugging his first savings bond. there's you and me. oh, that's my favorite picture. thank you. this is my whole life right here. my mother, my father my grandparents, my children all of you all the people i've known and loved. it's hard to believe that one day they'll just be pictures of people i don't recognize anymore. i can't i can't help feeling that ii should do something. thatthat we should keep you here, that if i just held you tight enough, i could stop this thing from happening. want to try it. can't hurt. i want you to take over. i want you to keep the family members intact. i want you to keep the old stories alive. i really don't think i'm the right one for that. oh, yes. i want you to tell your grandchildren about us. i want you to tell them about my mom. it's important they should know where they come from. rosemary, i keep the old stories going. tell them about nora corrigan. do you remember. oh, i remember. then tell them about her. tell me about her right now. the year was 1741. a black cloud hung over ireland in the form of a brutal english rule. it was written that no irish man or woman could own property worth more than five pounds sterling. now, the handsome nora corrigan for that's how she was known hadhad a boy ten years of age and she's recently been widowed, and the wicked lord calvert. calvert had given her 24 hours to get off of her land. there was but one way out. marry a british officer and pass the title over to him, in hopes that he would, one day, pass the title back to her. with no time for courting, and the sun sinking in the west, she made up her handsome mind. dressed in her most beautiful of gowns, her long hair flowing in the breeze, her boot steps echoing on the cobblestones, she strolled towards the tavern where the english officers were known to congregate. "who among you," she cried out, "is man enough to marry me tonight." silence filled the smoky room. no one moved. and then, a young officer, at least ten years her junior, stood up on the other corner of the hall and said, "i will marry you. " and she stretched out her handsome arm to the younger man, and he took it in his own. and they walked out together into the night. into the village. into history. and that, of course, was your greatgreatgreatgreat grandfather devon. sit, ubu, sit. good dog. )