i bet we've been together for a million years and i'll bet we'll be together for a million more oh, it's like i started breathing on the night we kissed and i can't remember what i ever did before what would we do, baby without us. what would we do, baby without us. and there ain't no nothin' we can't love each other through oohhoo what would we do, baby without us. shalalala now, remember, girls, concentration is the singlemost important factor in an athlete's performance. index finger of the left hand interlocking with pinkie of the right. and in your mind's eye, you should be able to see the ball going into the cup. i think your mind's eye needs glasses, alex. oh, hi, kids. how was the wedding. oh, the wedding was fine. i think the marriage is in trouble, though. oh, hon, you got to give them a chance. they've only been married for a couple of hours. elyse, only one of them's going on the honeymoon. okay, i admit that's a bad sign. it'll keep the mystery alive, anyway. it was a beautiful ceremony. ron caught the bouquet. wasn't just a catch, suzanne. i had to elbow out two cousins and a flower girl to make that catch. we're all very proud of you, ron. so, alex, how's the golf. you ready to, uh, enter any tournaments yet. i think the only way alex will get into a tournament is inside someone's golf bag. come here, mallory. put your head down on this little tee. alex, the most important thing is never take a sport too seriously. have a good time. that's the only way to approach it. am i right. right, ron. okay, steve, best 6 shots out of 10. loser pays the other guy's mortgage for a year. you're on. hey, uh, suzanne, you want to keep score. no, i don't think so, ron. the excitement might be too much for me. well, can we come and watch. well, it's hard to concentrate with a lot of noise. we'll root for you this time, daddy. okay. you can come. suzanne, do you want some coffee. oh, no, thank you, elyse. it'd just keep me awake tonight. i'm having enough trouble falling asleep as it is. something bothering you. oh, no, not really. you know. this and that. oh. it's so clich, elyse, i'm embarrassed. what is it. woman turns 40. her kids go off to college. she's left with a big void in her life. what about ron. he's the big void. is this is this something recent. well, things haven't been quite right for the last 13 years or so. could blow over. elyse, i've got no identity of my own. ron's busy all day, and i've got nothing. oh, suzanne, you have you have a very full life. you you have that, uh well, you know, you do those didn't you once what did you major in in college. medieval folk dancing. not exactly a growth industry. face it. mothers are like pro ballplayers. once they get a certain age, all they're good for is selling beer. need any beer, elyse. do you want a job. i mean, you could work for me. work for you. all i know about architecture is that the ceiling should be above the floor. well, you'd do office work. you know, make phone calls and type. it would take a lot of pressure off me to have someone take care of those things. you sure you're not offering me this job just to make me feel better. no. no, not at all. i've been thinking of hiring someone for a long time. i was going to hire someone qualified, but i'm sure that i don't mean that you're not qualified. i mean well, you know what i mean. what do you say. what time do i report for work, boss. tomorrow morning at 9:00. oh oh. 9:00 is tough. ron and i have breakfast together. that's all the time he can spare to be with me. we make love, and then we talk for 12 minutes. hey, uh, suzanne, we lost a golf ball. it rolled under the car. so could you crawl under there and get it for us. i'll be here at 8:30. now, jennifer, how many more questions do i have to answer. mallory, it's important. our assignment is to interview every member of the family. even the vegetables. alex, you stay out of this. i'll interview you next. i've gone limp with breathless anticipation. let me check this with you, mallory. under your ambition, i've got, "to always be in fashion". right. aim high, i always say. now, jennifer, you're not making me out to look frivolous in this thing, are you. it has to be factual. it is a biographical sketch. okay. go ahead. all right. if you were to describe yourself with one word, the essence of your personality, what would it be. perky. i'll think of something, and i'll put it down. are you ready, alex. uh, i don't think i can follow that, jennifer. i can't top "perky. " you guys should hurry up and finish. suzanne will be here any minute. i can't believe it's my turn to carpool again. it seems like only yesterday i did it. it was only yesterday. that explains it. you're filling in for sandy whistleman. the kids don't like driving with him anymore. yeah, he's always in such a hurry. last time, he didn't even stop to let us out. he just slowed down. we had to jump. is this the employee's entrance. steven: hey, you found it. oh, i'm sorry i'm late, but i couldn't decide what to wear. oh, you look great, suzanne. oh, thank you. i brought these two backups just in case. it really wasn't necessary. come, kids, you don't want to be late for school, do you. together: yes. come on. suzanne, good luck in your new job. suzanne: thank you. hope your boss treats you okay. goodbye. uh yeah. welcome to your new job. thank you. you're welcome. thank you. how am i doing so far. oh. okay, now the first thing i need you to do for me ooh. is to type this letter. uhhuh. okay. okay. now, do you want this doublespaced or singlespaced. uh, single spaced, i think. mmhmm. doublespaced would be easier to read. fine. doublespaced. hi, elyse. hi, don. hello. hi. don bradford. my new assistant, suzanne davis. how do you do. how long have you been working here. oh, almost 3 minutes. huh. about ready to retire, huh. don. ah. oh. the wife and i had a chance to look over the plans for the summer home, and, uh, we've got a few questions. okay. first question. i think we were wrong about the bathroom. we'd like to have it moved. you want it indoors, then. mm. it's not me. it's shirley. well, okay. that's no problem. we can bring that indoors, and you can still have that rustic feeling you want. what else. oh, you know that fireplace we talked about. oh, yeah. that's the focal point. the emotional centerpiece. i designed the whole room around it. lose it. we're gonna put a giant tv screen there. good idea. a fireplace is more trouble than it's worth. well, that's gonna change the whole concept of the home, though, isn't it. oh, look, i don't know anything about architecture. that's your job. i just know what i like. do we really need this utility room here. i think it'd work much better on the other side. hey, you know, you may have something there. mmhmm. that would enable us to lose this wall here, which is serving no purpose that i can see. it's holding up the house, suzanne. we're not architects, elyse. we're just telling you what we want. look here. you see this deck. mmhmm. this is redwood. do you think that's all right. you know what would be good out here. what. rubber. rubber. rubber.. hey, we're just bouncing a few ideas around. oh. elyse, be a dear and put some tea up for us, please. i don't see why not. don, let's talk closets. elyse, aren't you ready yet. do i look ready. no, not really. that's why the question came to mind. and if you had any consideration at all, you would not be taking me out to a nice dinner tonight. i'm sorry. i guess i'm just a heel. and you certainly wouldn't have asked suzanne and ron to join us. well, you invited them, elyse. oh, sure, throw that up at me now. okay, uh, mallory, i'm going to go back upstairs. yeah. when my wife comes in, would you ask her to call me. steven, i'm i'm sorry. i didn't mean to snap at you. mommy, are you going through a midlife crisis. no. it's just that thanks to suzanne's interference, i've had to totally redesign the bradford house. i thought the bradfords loved that design. the bradfords loved it. suzanne didn't. well, try to make the best of it, elyse. she's a good friend, and it's only one house. not anymore. it's a duplex. and it's not just the bradfords' house. it these past two weeks with suzanne have just been torture. if it's made me awfully cranky, guys, i apologize. are you gonna have to fire her, mom. i can't fire suzanne. she's my friend. i don't know if i can hurt her like that. mom, this is business. yyou can't let feelings enter into it. this body comes with feelings. it's a package deal. well, that's exactly why women will always be second rate in the business world. alex, your credibility has just sunk to a new low with this crowd. nnow now, maybe he's right. mom. no, not about women being secondrate, but about feelings not entering into business. i mean, the fact is, that ever since suzanne's been with me, i have fallen further and further behind. i can't do my best work when she's taking up my time. so as a professional, i should fire her tonight before i change my mind. i just changed my mind. you want me to do it for you, mom. i'll do it. i won't like it, but i'll do it. oh, suzanne, ron. hi. i'm sorry we're late. we, uh, had some car trouble. we didn't have any car trouble, suzanne. don't lie to these people. the truth is, we had a fight a screaming, yelling, clawing fight. a fight, car trouble what's the difference. kids, why don't you go upstairs. i'll bring the ice cream later. what ice cream. the ice cream i'll bring you if you go upstairs right now. good. this is bribery but it'll work. ron, take me home now, okay. i'm feeling very uncomfortable right now. suzanne, sweetie pie, why are you taking this so personally. the fact that i want to move out of the house has nothing to do with you. so, what will it be tonight chinese or italian. really doesn't matter to me. our treat if we leave right now. look, iii need to spread my wings, that's all. look for new horizons. italian's good. little wine, relax. vino, huh. after all i put up with all these years, now he wants to leave me. is that fair. look, suzanne, you're not acting very maturely about this. i'm willing to go out and have a good time. i want us to stay friends. do you think i could stay friends with a snake. an insect. a a diseased crawling maggot. i guess that's a "no. " okay. i have tried to be nice. see you around, suzanne. hey, you're beautiful. ciao. oh, suzanne, i'm so sorry. aare you all right, suzanne. well, 20 years. over. gone pfft. oh. well, ii almost feel like i have nothing. well, i'll tell you one thing. i just thank god i've got my job with you. i'm sorry, mr. bradford. i'm working as quickly as i can. those are major changes you suggested. no, it's not the elevator that's hard. it's the second floor that goes with it. i don't care what suzanne said. second floors are hard. lo ii'll talk to you later at the meeting. yes, suzanne will be there. bye. oh. suzanne strikes again, huh. you've got it. is it as bad as when she ordered the bumper stickers that said, "architects have flying buttresses". i don't know what i'm gonna do with her. you were ready to fire her two weeks ago, mom. what's holding you up. her husband left her. that's what's holding me up. her whole world fell apart. i don't want to come in and deliver the final blow. business can't come to a grinding halt just because of a broken marriage. marriages are falling apart all the time these days. alyson gerber's mother brought home a new father, two brothers from a club med vacation. all she wanted was a grass skirt. what ever happened to the good old days when a husband and wife stuck together even if they hated each other's guts. yeah, those were the days. it sure is hard to be a kid today. you never know when your family unit's gonna fall apart. jennifer, you don't have to worry about that. this family unit isn't going to fall apart. you promise. we can't promise, because nobody knows what the future is going to bring. but i can tell you we'll do our best to keep that from happening. i'd rather have a promise. i don't think you need to worry, jennifer. people who kiss as much as they do are bound to stay together. you know, i think she's right. aw, you had to remind them, mallory. we're just doing this for you three, so you'll know our marriage is okay. it's not like we enjoy it or anything. okay, that's enough. we get the point. oh, sure. i remember kissing. rub it in. can we get going, dad. what. we it's my turn to drive again. what about pete dillman's father. isn't it his turn to drive. well, he and mrs. dillman split up. well, what about mrs. dillman's new boyfriend. he's too young to drive. see ya. are you all right, suzanne. oh, it's nothing. just seeing you and your kids and your husband so happy kind of got me depressed, that's all. do you want to talk about it. no. no, now is not the time or the place to discuss my personal problems. no, no. now, let's just get down to work, please. okay. okay. did you happen to see the drawings for the edwards' house here. i thought i left them on your table. uh, desk, elyse. you said you'd call it a desk. the important thing is, did you see them. yes, i saw them, and i mailed them. suzanne, they weren't finished yet. oh, finished them. i put a little window in here and a little door in there. i think you'll like them. suzanne, you shouldn't have done that without asking me first. oh, i'm sorry. my enthusiasm just got the best of me. it won't happen again. it just comes from having so much time at home alone with nothing to do, no one to talk to. do you want to talk about it. no. no, no, i came here to work, not to discuss my personal problems. i can't believe ron. do you know what he wants to do now. take skydiving lessons. well, if you're gonna skydive, i think lessons are important. he's acting like such an adolescent, elyse. i oh, ii'm sorry. i know i shouldn't be rambling on like this. suzanne, maybe you'd like to take some time off to collect your thoughts. like a year or two. no, no. i'm not gonna sit at home and feel sorry for myself. everybody's treating me like i'm some kind of war casualty. like i might fall to pieces at any minute. well, i'll tell you something. that's not gonna happen. i'm gonna make a life for myself whether ron's in it or not. that's the spirit, suzanne. uhhuh. and i'll tell you another thing. if one more person pussyfoots around me and offers me comfort instead of respect, i'll scream. i just want to be treated like anybody else. you're absolutely right. now, let's get down to work. i have a great idea for reorganizing the office. suzanne, you're fired. that wasn't it. elyse, you can't let this thing with suzanne upset you so much. she was driving you crazy. you had to let her go. i know, but if you'd seen her face, you'd know why i was so upset. you want to come up to my room and listen to some blues records, mom. they always help me when i'm feeling down. jennifer, the only records you have are the muppets. they don't sing the blues. they do if you play them in the wrong speed. mom, you did suzanne a favor. now that she's had a little fling in the business world, she can go back to the kitchen, where she belongs. alex, you're gonna make some woman a wonderful master someday. i hope so. good night, sweetie. sleep well. good night. suzanne, uh hhello. hello. i'd like to talk to elyse. hello, suzanne. hello, elyse. i've got something to say to you. where would you like me, suzanne. upstairs or in the kitchen. it's up to you. it's your house. the kitchen. it's quieter in there. well, suzanne, you look good. it's a beautiful sweater. when did you get it. let's stop beating around the bush, elyse. you know why i'm here. look, suzanne, maybe i was a little hasty this afternoon. maybe we could work things out. oh, elyse, i came here to apologize to you. you were the first person who respected me enough to hold me responsible for my actions. you dealt with me as suzanne, not the poor deserted wife. only a friend would do that. we are still friends. oh, of course. but if you had been nicer to me, i bet we would have wound up enemies. but because you kicked me out into the cold, brutal world, because you had no regard for my personal feelings or wellbeing, you made me see that i better stand up on my own. what are friends for. because you rubbed salt into my festering wounds suzanne, please, you've thanked me enough. i've done a lot of thinking today. i've got a lot more thinking to do. but you've put me on the right track. i've got to decide what to do with my life, what to do about ron, about a career. hi, elyse. my wife here. oh, yeah. that's her right over there. good memory. suzanne, got some good news for you. i've decided to come back home. whoopee. oh, uh, i missed you. i really did, okay. all better now. hey, steve, get out here. it's gonna be like old times, you'll see. yeah, that's what i'm afraid of. suzanne, this is no time to play hard to get. i'm back, and you've got me. oh, steve. ready for another putting match. i got my clubs out in the car. ron, i'm not sure this is the right time for it. why. you tired. ron, you're incredible. and if you think i want you back, you're not only incredible, you're stupid. suzanne, i had a little lapse. i'm over it. it's time for you to forgive me, like you always do. not this time, ron. you can't just walk all over me. i'm not a doormat. i'm a person. i've got feelings. i've got my own identity. i've got a b. a. in medieval folk dancing. i'm ready to face the world. not true. you don't have a b. a. in folk dancing. you're two credits short. that's another thing i'm thinking about changing my major. guess there's no point in my trying to talk you out of this. none whatsoever. okay. i might as well leave, then. hey, steve, you want to, uh okay. suzanne, i don't understand what you're doing, but, um but i'll respect your wishes. it's kind of nice to see you so strong, so independent. maybe you've really changed. thank you, ron. maybe i can, too. well, maybe. i'll bring my laundry by on friday. hey, there's a card here from suzanne. it's addressed to both of us. great. how's she doing. uh, "having a wonderful time here. " greek is very hard to pick up, but i'm not. " "i communicate with the natives "through the universal language of dance. "this works out well, although it is difficult "to order in a restaurant. "have to run now. "nik nikolas and i "are going off to stomp some grapes. love, suzanne. " let me see the postcard. it's a picture of the acropolis. oh, look, she penciled in the second story. )