director michael chang storyboarder irineo maramba  adam van wyk  james yang writer melody fox animation studio: lotto animation downloads: transcribed by: alan back jump to: act 1 | act 2 | act 3 note: translations of spanish lines are in brackets. prologue control freak: greetings, titans. your numberone nemesis, control freak, has returned. control freak: you may have thought you saw the last of me in twofivesevendashfourninefour. but while away, i've been studying your every move, and now i'm back. control freak: the ultimate titans challenge. control freak: a series of mindboggling events designed to test your specific skills and stamina. and to raise the stakes, i have crafted an arsenal of countertechnology weapons to render your powers useless. control freak: prepare to be defeated. control freak: hello. control freak: hello. control freak: greetings, titans. your numberone nemesis has returned. control freak: greetings, titans. control freak: your numberone nemesis has returned. control freak: greetings, titans. your numberone nemesis has control freak: okay. the titans aren't home, but sooner or later...they will face my challenge. control freak: i can wait. i can wait. opening theme act one bumblebee: there she is. home sweet towerat least temporarily. ms, menos: la casa de ellos es la casa de nosotros.  cyborg: titans east, come in. aqualad: hey, cyborg. cyborg: i'm transmitting a list of villains to keep an eye out for. when word gets out that the titans are outta town, someone may try to pull something. speedy: when word gets out the titans east are in town, they'll think twice. cyborg: hey, guys, thanks again for looking after the city while we're off fighting the brotherhood of evil. bumblebee: we're happy to help. cyborg: now make sure you remember to activate the security lockdown every night.  cyborg: and if you're gonna wash the tcar... ...buff counterclockwise. oh, and don't eat the turkey leg in the fridge. i'm saving that for turkey night. turkey. bumblebee: don't worry, sparky. you just concentrate on stopping the brotherhood of evil. we have everything under control here. bumblebee out. control freak: titans. menos: esto es increble.  speedy: man, they've even got flatpanel computer displays. speedy: how come we don't have flatpanel computer displays. control freak: greetings, titans. control freak: your number one ne control freak: hey. you're not the teen titans. bumblebee: we're titans east. aqualad: aqualad. speedy: speedy. ms: ms... menos: ...y menos.  bumblebee: and bumblebee. control freak: uh...yeah. never heard of you. speedy: never heard of us. who is this guy. control freak: who am i. control freak: i am control freak. master of mass media. ruler of reality. and i escaped from prison to defeat my archnemesii, the titans. control freak: the real titans. control freak: robin teen wonder. control freak: ravenmistress of magic. control freak: beast boyshapeshifter supreme. control freak: cyborghalf man, half robot. control freak: and starfire control freak: alien powerhouse. she's too good for robin. he'll never appreciate her. ms, menos: s.  aqualad: you sound more like a fanboy than a nemesis. control freak: a great villain always studies his adversaries, okay. speedy: well, if you're such a bad dude, then why aren't you on their badguy list. control freak: eh. "list of notorious villains. plasmus...overload...johnny rancid...the puppet king..." they only fought him once. i'm a recurring villain. so, are you, like, the robin of the group. bumblebee: no, i'm the leader of the team. and we're done talking. we're taking you back to jail. control freak: not so fast. i came here to enact the ultimate titan  challenge, and i'm not leaving until i fight the titans. speedy: you want to fight the titans. you got it. control freak: i've brought the ultimate weapons, made specifically for the real titans. you titanwannabes don't stand a chance. control freak: victory will be mine.   control freak: your efforts are futile. this atomic resistor capsule was built to defeat starfire. control freak: that woulda worked on starfire. speedy: you got anything in there to stop me. control freak: i devised this aerial sensory detonator to intercept robin's birdarangs midflight. it will easily annihilate your puny arrows. speedy: you were saying. ms: ms y menos. s podemos.  control freak: how did you do that. ms: cuando nuestras manos se tocan... menos: ...somos muy veloces.  control freak: i can't understand you. control freak: take that. and that. ms: nothing happened. menos: must be the batteries. control freak: spanish language converter. control freak: i built that to be strong enough to contain beast boy's most powerful animals. let's see you get outta that. ms: it may trap beast boy... menos: ...but not us.  control freak: i brought this cool magnetic propeller for cyborg, but who cares. all these woulda worked on the real titans. it's just, your powers are...stupid. control freak: i don't want to fight you anymore. act two  ms: it's okay, mr. silkie. menos: papi's here. speedy: who zaps out in the middle of a fight. bumblebee: we'll find himsomehow. cyborg: the tower's sensor detected weapons fired. everything okay. aqualad: we had to deal with controlbumblebee: controlling silkie. he's eating everything. must've eaten through one of the sensors. bumblebee: bad silkie. cyborg: well, starfire left plenty of food for him. uhoh. i gotta go. aqualad: why'd you do that. bumblebee: they're trusting us to protect the city. do you want them to think that we're in over our heads with some secondrate bad guy who didn't even make the list. aqualad: we need to get more information on control freak. old woman: don't go in there. wait for the titans. bumblebee: we are titans. bumblebee: drop it. le blanc: ha. who is going to make me.   le blanc: with the titans out of town, i thought i had a shot. ms: we are the titans. menos: it is true. aqualad: i'd feel better if control freak were behind bars too. let's get back and control freak: who are these guys. control freak: so, my chat room chums, tell me. what do you know about the titans east. do you think they're real titans.   control freak: did you see that. he talks to dolphins.   old woman: you look familiar. are you starborg.     boy with cat: thank you, robin. i like your other costume better. speedy: i'm not robin. i'm speedy. control freak: what do you think of the titans east now.  control freak: there should be a test. speedy: this stinks. nobody even knows who we are. aqualad: so what if the kid didn't know your name. let it go, robin. voice: before i knew it, i was surrounded by dolphins. man: and some guy in a unitard pulled me out of the water. aqualad: "some guy in a unitard". speedy: let it go, unitard guy. bumblebee: we're here to protect the city, not for the recognition. and there's still a villain on the loose, socontrol freak: greetings, titans east.. control freak: your evil nemesis is back. speedy: looks like he found us. control freak: that's right. control freak: i'm back. and this time i have masterminded the new ultimate titans challenge.  bumblebee: bring it on. ms: where are we. menos: i don't like the looks of this. control freak: welcome, titans east. control freak: after much analysis, i have created a series of events, redesigned to challenge your specific powers. if you succeed, you will have proven your worth as titans. but failure will mean that the city the real titans trusted you to protect will be destroyed. control freak: oh...didn't i mention. control freak: the new ultimate titans challenge will be televised control freak: so everyone can watch your defeat. act three control freak: welcome to the new ultimate titans challenge. control freak: we're gonna find out just how real the titans east are. control freak: each of our titans wannabes control freak: will attempt a physical challenge designed specifically for him or for her. control freak: bumblebee the little bee who packs a big sting. control freak: speedy whose fantastic arrows perform awesome feats. control freak: aqualad bold and daring marine marvel. control freak: and ms y menos the tiny twins with amazing speed. control freak: let's see how these titans do when we challenge their superpowers.    bumblebee: no problem. bumblebee: huh.   control freak: aqualad, on the other side of the reservoir is a tank filled with polluted water.   aqualad: piece of cake. aqualad: did you forget. i can speak to animals. control freak: nowhich is why i devised a mechanical shark who only listens to my commands.   control freak: for you, i have created an amazing race through the city.  control freak: ...then you will stop my device. menos: okeydokey. ms: we got it. control freak: but you have to touch both buttons at the same time, which means you can't be touching. ms, menos: how can we be in two places at once.    man: come on, kid. you can do it.    boy with cat: that's my friend speedy.   control freak: maybe aqualad found a way around my mechanical shark but there's no way bumblebee's gonna stop the train in time.  bumblebee: next stop, first street. man in chicken suit: she stopped the timer. skinny man: guess you didn't think about that, control freak. ms: we could build a slingshot. menos: we'll get a thousand clothespins and string them together. ms: i got it.  le blanc: the titans east are clever, no. that is how they captured moi.   control freak: you guys were so cool. i mean, ii didn't think you could pull it off, but you did. speedy: i can't believe the bad guy just zapped himself in front of us. control freak: uhoh. bumblebee: your ultimate challenge has been cancelled. control freak: all right, titans east. now that i know what you're capable of, i'm gonna make things even harder for you. i'll be back. ms, menos: hasta la vista, control freak.  cyborg: i got reports of missiles, explosive devices, and a... ...mechanical shark. bumblebee: don't worry, sparky. we've got everything under control. cyborg: great. i knew you could handle it. it looks like we're gonna be gone for a while. you mind staying longer. bumblebee: nah. this place is beginning to feel like home. ) )