prologue brain: patiently, we watched you all... brain: ...waiting for our moment to strike. brain: you forged your alliance. brain: you trusted without cause. brain: and finally, when you thought your world was safe... brain: ...it fell apart before your very eyes. brain: you are merely pawns in a game brain: and you have played your part perfectly. brain: there is nowhere you can hide. brain: and there is nothing you can do to stop us.   brain: each small victory brings us closer to an even greater prize. brain: the elimination of an entire generation of heroes. brain: and we owe it all to you, robin.   brain: your network has been crushed. your friends have no way to communicate or follow your commands. brain: together you may be formidable... brain: ...but apart... brain: ...you are lost, powerless, mine. brain: you will fall... ...one by one. brain: who among you can possibly stop me now. beast boy: now try and follow me. opening theme november 22, 2011 at 10:24 pm flag quote & reply gb posts: 376 act one beast boy: i never thought i'd have to use this place.  beast boy: you know, for a topsecret emergency outpost, it's actually kinda homey. beast boy: oh, ms. i, uh...uh, where's your brother. ms: seor beast boy. se llevaron a menos. por favor, qu est pasando. no s qu hacer. fuimos atacados por cinderblock y el johnny rancid, y luego mi comunicador titans explot.  beast boy: ms, slow down. i can't listen that fast. ms: somos los nicos que quedamos.  pantha: no, my friend. pantha: this brainhe sent the wrong opponents to capture me. pantha remains undefeated. pantha: what is this. beast boy: it's the herald. herald: good to see we're not alone. i brought someone with me. herald: all right, jericho. it's cool. pantha: i'd hoped to find the teen titans, not...this. i believe i will be better on my own. ms: debo encontrar a mi hermano.  herald: i guess i'll go back to my own dimension. beast boy: stop.. nobody's going anywhere. we have to stick together. i need all of you with me if we're going to stop the brain. beast boy: and we are going to stop him. beast boy: he has us on the run. that means the brain will never expect us to take the fight to him. pantha: why should you be in charge. beast boy: i've been fighting these guys longer than any of you. i know what we're up against. beast boy: look. this may not be the perfect team, but it's all we've got. we're the teen titans now. if we work together, we can accomplish anything. beast boy: so...exactly what can you guys do. herald: my horn opens rifts in space. pantha: i am strong. ms: antes iba rpido, pero sin mi hermano...  beast boy: okay...this might be tougher than i thought. ms: hey. rockman. me ests buscando.  ms: creo que no est funcionando.  beast boy: titans, go.  herald: jericho. get ready.  beast boy, ms: cool. herald: jericho. are you in there. jericho/cb: i'm here. he may have bricks for brains, but i can see enough. the brotherhood base is in paris. herald: done. pantha: this plan of yoursi hope it works. november 22, 2011 at 10:24 pm flag quote & reply gb posts: 376  act two  herald: how do we know his brother's here. ms: porque, trumpet boy, nuestros poderes nos da una conexin magntica. lo ms cercanos que estamos lo ms fuerte es nuestro enlace. qu, no sabes nada.  pantha: he said it was a twin thing. ms: estamos cerca. por ac.  beast boy: dude. what's wrong. ms: menos... brain: victory is at hand. brain: and for your part, a gift. i give you robin. robin: this isn't over. brain: for you, it most certainly is. beast boy: we have to keep moving. pantha: stop. someone is coming. lb: at last, the little punk will get it. ph: cinderblock. they're about to freeze robin. hurry or you'll miss it. by the way, nice catch, sir. jericho/cb: thanks. ph: since when have you been able to talk...sir. ph: hey. get outta me. lb: what is the meaning of this. pantha: it is called an ambush.  ph: quit hitting myself. quit hitting myself.  pantha: no one can escape the pantha's claw. lb: i will go now. beast boy: let's move. beast boy: all right, brain. you're going... beast boy: ...down. beast boy: what's so funny. rouge: the five of you against all of them. even i find that amusing. beast boy: tell me where our friends are. brain: little green one... ...you always try so hardand always fail so completely. this time will be no exception. beast boy: where are they... rouge: would you like to say hello.  ms: menos. beast boy: no... rouge: oh, but it seems you are too late. beast boy: i think we can take 'em. pantha: i think you are correct.  herald: i don't like your music.   pantha: who is next. mallah: they fight with much enthusiasm. allow me to crush them. brain: no, let our friends have that pleasure. the end for these five will come soon enough.      november 22, 2011 at 10:25 pm flag quote & reply gb posts: 376 cut to the freezing apparatus area, where a line of empty canisters stands waiting. pc goes to the control panel while his man starts to get menos ready for life as an icicle. pan away across the floor. jr carries the struggling beast boyback in human formtoward the conveyor. he is pushed down and gets a boot in the back to pin him, while a vein throbs in his forehead. now the other three heroes are carried over: the herald held by the wrestler, jericho by km, pantha by sr. on the next line, pull back overhead to show the other villains gathered behind these three pairs. the bag has been removed from jericho's head.)  brain: did you think your pathetic resistance could actually stop what i have created. once again, beast boy, you've failed. madame rouge, add them to the collection. rouge: any final words. beast boy: yeah. i wouldn't stand there if i were you. cyborg: lesson number onenever throw me down a hole unless you make sure i stay there. starfire: the lesson twowe never give up. raven: lesson threeyour secret lair isn't very secret. beast boy: titans. together. raven: is it just me, or is this getting easier. rouge: children... rouge: ...when will you learn. raven: like i said. jinx: oops. did i do that.  mallah: master, it is time we left. brain: agreed. robin: no one's leaving. brain: then you give me no choice. brain: a little something to keep them busy, perhaps. cyborg: aw, man, and just when this was starting to get fun. beast boy: he is not getting away.  robin: it's over, brain. beast boy: isn't that obvious. duh. brain: sometimes the only way to win is to clear the board completely. brain: in only a moment, this entire base will be gone. november 22, 2011 at 10:25 pm flag quote & reply gb posts: 376 cyborg: it's a fusion device and a big one. i have no idea how to shut it down. we need a miracle. starfire: no. we need a friend. brain: i am afraid you have simply run out of options. brain: pity. beast boy: i'll take the monkey, you take the jar. robin: sounds like a plan.  mallah: master. no.  herald: any requests. cyborg: far away would be good.  robin: beast boy.  cyborg: you know, for someone so smart, bringing all these guys together was pretty stupid.  beast boy: dudes, check it out. beast boy: brain freeze.  beast boy: home sweet home. cyborg: i sure missed this place. kid flash: cool pad. kid flash: got any eats. starfire: the dr. light. raven: somehow that doesn't surprise me. cyborg: maybe we oughta show him who he's up against. raven: he's totally gonna freak this time. ) )