 prologue girl: hello....yeah. beast boy: our city is the greatest city ever. cyborg: paris was pretty great, don't you think. raven: paris. cyborg: once we made those brotherhood of evil freezesicles. robin: i've got to agree with beast boy. it sure is good to finally be back home. starfire: i too have missed our glorious city. i cannot wait to rent the videos and feast on the worms of sour gumminess. starfire: the worms are gone. beast boy: come on, star. marlene's candy store is just around the corner. it's got the best peanut butter squares in town. beast boy: my peanut butter squares are gone. cyborg: the whole block is gone. they're building a new office complex. robin: things sure have changed. guess we've been away longer than we thought. raven: where am i gonna buy my books. beast boy: i don't remember any bookstore. raven: that's because you never bought a book. beast boy: hmm. cyborg: and the auto parts shop that was next to the bookstore is gone too. beast boy: i remember there used to be a toy shopor was it a barbershop. i distinctly remember it was some kind of shop. raven: that narrows it down. starfire: and i remember aj's music store was over there. cyborg: i definitely don't remember that being there. robin: titans. go.   beast boy: terra. november 22, 2011 at 10:22 pm flag quote & reply gb posts: 376  act one beast boy: terra. beast boy: terra.      cyborg: why does it always have to be the sewer. beast boy: there's only one way i'll know for sure. beast boy: hey, terra. it's me, beast boy. sorry i haven't been here in a while. uh...how's it going. you're gonna think this is crazy, but...i thought i saw you today. beast boy: i guess it wasn't you because you're still a statue and all. terra a teen titan a true friend beast boy: you're not still a statue. you're alive. cyborg: next time a creature goes down the sewer i say we just let it go. robin: beast boy, where were you. beast boy: you guys aren't gonna believe this. cyborg: you better have a good reason for bailing on us. robin: what was so important that you couldn't stay with the team. starfire: we could have used your assistance. raven: well. beast boy: i saw terra.  robin: what. cyborg: how. raven: when. starfire: where. beast boy: i know. isn't it great. ii saw her downtown. robin: what did she say. beast boy: i didn't actually get to talk to her. she was across the street, aand when the creature attacked, she disappeared. raven: you sure it was her. beast boy: oh, i'm totally sure. cyborg: maybe you just thought you saw her. robin: sometimes you want to see something that isn't there. beast boy: i did see her. she was real, aand her statue is gone. cyborg: how could it be. the girl turned to stone. starfire: perhaps one of raven's spells. raven: i tried everything i could. nothing worked. cyborg: and none of my chemical analyses ever led to an answer either. none of this is making any sense. beast boy: it doesn't have to make sense. terra's back. that's all that matters. robin: it's the creature. we'll talk about this later. beast boy: you may not care about her, but terra's out there somewhere. and i'm gonna find her.    beast boy: huh. waitress: can i help you. beast boy: i'll take one for the road. waitress: well, you must be in a hurry, then, or something, 'cause you cain't even sit down for a little while...   beast boy: hey, terra. it's me. beast boy. redhead: you know him. beast boy: terra, wait up.  terra: sorry. you've got the wrong girl. november 22, 2011 at 10:22 pm flag quote & reply gb posts: 376  act two beast boy: you don't remember me. terra: should i. beast boy: i'm beast boy. we used to hang out together. yyou thought i was funny. beast boy: see. i can still make you laugh. terra: like i said, you've got the wrong girl. beast boy: maybe if we just talk, then you'll remember. terra: i've gotta go. beast boy: just one pizza. i'm buying. what have you got to lose. redhead: she's not interested. black girl: yeah. get lost, brat boy. beast boy: it's beast boy. terra: maybe one slice.  beast boy: oh, great. i'll take you to our favorite place. redhead: you sure you want to go with this guy. terra: it's okay. i'll see you tomorrow. cyborg: i don't know what to scan for. brick, metal, concrete, it could be anything. raven: i'm not able to sense it either. i can't believe i'm gonna say this, but i wish beast boy were here. maybe he could follow the scent. robin: we've just gotta keep looking. starfire: i am concerned for beast boy. do you think terra truly has returned. robin: anything's possible. starfire: but how. robin: maybe she freed herself. cyborg: or there coulda been an earthquake while we were gone. raven: maybe the effect just wore off. starfire: if she is back, why would she not locate us. raven: last time we saw her, she wasn't exactly one of the good guys. maybe she didn't want to be found.  beast boy: and then, we pushed the brain in the freezing machine. terra: brain freeze. that's funny. beast boy: finally someone gets my joke. beast boy: you haven't changed a bit, terra. terra: why do you keep calling me that. beast boy: because you are terra. terra: what makes you so sure. beast boy: you look like her, you...you talk like her, you laugh like her. beast boy: don't you remember anything from before. terra: i just remember high school. beast boy: you used to live in the desert before joining the teen titans. beast boy: you couldn't control your powers at first. beast boy: /then slade helped you and you wanted to take over the city. beast boy: but in the end, you couldn't go through with it. and you saved us all. terra: why would you want to be friends with someone who was so much trouble. beast boy: because i know who she really is. beast boy: one supreme pizza with extra anchovies, hold the mushrooms. just the way you like it. terra: i don't like anchovies. i'm allergic. i should get going. beast boy: no, stay. ii don't eat anchovies either. we'll get whatever you want. terra: i've got a lotta homework and i need to get to the computer lab. beast boy: we've got an awesome computer at the tower. you can work therebe finished in half the time. terra: okay, but i've gotta be home before dark. beast boy: 'kay. terra: wow. this is cool. beast boy: this is where the titans get all their mission assignments. beast boy: over there's the kitchen, and... beast boy: ...aand that's where we play video games. see. terra: must be nice to live here. beast boy: you used to live here too. terra: i think i would remember living in a place like this. november 22, 2011 at 10:23 pm flag quote & reply gb posts: 376 beast boy: come on. i'll show you your room. beast boy: starsbecause you like to sleep outside. terra: not me. i hate camping out. too may bugs. beast boy: i made that for you. remember, terra. terra: it's cute. listen. i've really gotta go. terra: maybe your friend is out there somewhere. i hope you find her. beast boy: i already have. terra: beast boy beast boy: come on. you've gotta remember. something. anything. beast boy: you can move the earth. terra: why did you do that. beast boy: terra. i'm sorry. maybe you need more time to remember how to use your powers. come back. i'll help you. cyborg: come out, come out, wherever you are. we'll never find it.    beast boy: how could she have forgotten everything. beast boy: there must be something i can say to help her remember. slade: maybe she doesn't want to remember. beast boy: slade. i should've realized you were behind this. why did you bring terra back. slade: i had nothing to do with her return. beast boy: you did something to take away her memory, and you took away her powers. slade: i did nothing, dear boy. if the girl does not remember or does not use her powers, it is because she chooses so. beast boy: why wouldn't terra want to remember. she was a hero. she had friends. she saved all of us. slade: don't you see. she no longer wants to remember you.  beast boy: i won't let you hurt her again. slade: you're the one who is hurting her. let her go.  slade: face it. slade: she doesn't want to see you anymore. beast boy: leave terra alone.     robot slade: she doesn't want to see you anymore. she doesn't want to see you anymore. she doesn't want to see you anymore. november 22, 2011 at 10:23 pm flag quote & reply gb posts: 376 act three beast boy: where is she. i need to talk to her. beast boy: terra. wait. beast boy: i'm sorry about yesterday. terra: i'm gonna be late for biology. cyborg: every time we catch up to it, it vanishes before our eyes. raven: are we just supposed to wait for it to reappear. robin: this thing is out to destroy everything. it's not stopping, and neither are we. starfire: there it is.  raven: not so fast.  cyborg: there's nowhere for you to hide. beast boy: are you gonna keep running away from me. terra: i'm not running from anything. go home. beast boy: not until you talk to me. terra: you can't keep following me. beast boy: why not. terra: it's the girls' locker room.   cyborg: hey, starfire, little help. get me down from here.     robin: we need beast boy. boy: hey, wanna go out sometime. my dad said i could borrow his car.  beast boy: oh...i'm awake. terra: go outside. beast boy: so you're talking to me now. librarian: shhh. terra: you're gonna get me in trouble. go outside. beast boy: not unless you come with me. terra: okay, you've got two minutes. beast boy: maybe you don't remember, but i do. you're my friend. you're a teen titan. terra: you're wrong. beast boy: you don't belong here, terra. terra: stop calling me that. beast boy: it's who you are. terra: what do you want from me. beast boy: why can't things just go back to the way they were. you were so happy then. terra: things were never the way you remember. now just leave me alone. beast boy: here. take thisin case you're in trouble. beast boy: in case you need me. you can call me anytime. terra: i don't need it. beast boy: but... terra: time's up. beast boy: terra... terra: things change, beast boy. the girl you want me to be is just a memory. robin: come in, beast boy. robin: we need your help. beast boy: come with me. terra: you go. you're the teen titan. that's who you are. that's not me. i'm not a hero. i'm not out to save the world. i'm just a girl with a geometry test next period, and i haven't studied. beast boy: beast boy to robin. i'm on my way. over. ) )