 robin: huh. cyborg: what.  beast boy: huh. am i the only one who has no idea where we are. voice: why, you're right where you belong, my duckies. mad mod: you're in school. mad mod: that's right, lads and loveys. you're the only students at mad mod's institute for bratty teenage dogooders. and it's high time someone taught you sprogs a lesson. beast boy: uhoh. opening theme  robin: titans. move. starfire: my starbolts are useless. mad mod: specially designed chairs, love. can't have those nasty superpowers disrupting my lecture now, can i. robin: get away from her. mad mod: now don't get your knickers in a twist, my little snot. i didn't go to all the trouble of building this school and filling your tower with knockout gas just to finish you off licketysplit. raven: then what do you want. mad mod: just what i said, dearie. to teach you lot a lesson. yes, i've been watching you children misbehave. and i hate misbehaving children. mad mod: fighting crime. mad mod: saving lives. mad mod: interfering with the plans of hardworking villains. why, you lot are nothing but a bunch of troublemakers. mad mod: but you'll learn your place soon enough. you see, i'm older than you, so i'm bigger, badder, and better. cyborg: say wh ow.. mad mod: you're in my world now. and you won't be getting out 'til you've learned some proper respect. robin: we will get out. and when we do mad mod: oh, dear, there's the bell, my duckies. off to class. blackboard: now how can i teach you anything if you won't sit still and listen. robin: huh. blackboard: one of my hypnoscreens ought to get your attentionand it'll erase everything in your brain as well. robin: can't let him hypnotize me...got to stay focused... (] robin: whoa.    robin: there goes my shot at perfect attendance. mad mod: don't be so sure, my little duckie. mad mod: you may be out of the classroom, but class is never dismissed. mad mod: next lessonphysics. robin: huh. mad mod: what goes up, stays up. robin: until i take it down.  robin: how did he. mad mod: you may as well chuck in the sponge, laddie. you can't catch the likes of me. mad mod: now what did i tell you. children today won't listen to their betters. have to learn everything the hard mad mod: hey, oy. no throwing things while teacher is talking. robin: what... you've gotta be kidding me. starfire: no.. robin: starfire. starfire: no... starfire: i will not read your book of meanness and swirls.     starfire: are all the schools on your planet this horrible. robin: come on.  starfire: robin. i wish to thank you for rescuing me fromrobin: don't thank me yet. mad mod still has us right where he wants us. i know we could take him if we could just get our hands on him. but every time we get out of one trap... robin: ...there's another one waiting. robin: beast boy. starfire: beast boy. awaken. your friends are here. beast boy. robin: wait. trust me. robin: here's your hall pass. meet you outside.  starfire: beast boy. starfire: it is i, starfire, your friend. please. speak to me. beast boy. beast boy. starfire: beast boy... robin: ah, star. i don't think that's working. starfire: but we must do something or he will remain this way forever. robin: mad mod. come on. robin: we'll hide here and then take him by surprise. robin: any way to keep him quiet. starfire: cyborg. raven. oh, how glad we are to see you. robin: this place is making me crazy. cyborg: tell me about it. mad mod's wackedout computer lab nearly crashed my hard drive. starfire: where did our captor send you. raven: gym. cyborg: anybody seen bb. robin: mad mod's hypnoscreens. we can't snap him out of it. we've tried everything. cyborg: did you try this. beast boy: nice one. uh...how did i get here and why am i covered in drool. starfire: wonderful. now we need only to locate an exit. cyborg: or just keep blasting 'til we make one. robin: easy. last thing i smashed tried to smash me back. i'm sure this whole place is boobytrapped. beast boy: then how are we supposed to get out. raven: we're not. don't you get it. mad mod's just gonna keep messing with us until robin: we mess with him. that cane of his controls everything in here. we take the canecyborg: we take controlbeast boy: and take him down. oh, i'll find him. that demented doofus is never hypnotizing me again. mad mod: come on. mad mod: won't you lot ever learn. you're in my world, my duckies. you can't win. robin: titans. go. starfire: but how do icyborg: make him laugh. starfire: how many okaarans does it take to hoegee a morflark. finbarr. starfire: um...boogers. beast boy: boogers. aw, man.       raven: no way. beast boy: is that what i think it is. robin: one way to find out. cyborg: looks like the real deal. cyborg: no.  robin: right back where we started. mad mod: of course you are, my duckies. mad mod: class is overand you lot haven't learned a thing. that's a failing grade for each blooming one of you. mad mod: there's only one thing for it. you'll have to repeat the entire lesson. mad mod: time for class, my duckies. everyone back to your seats. robin: titans. get that cane. raven: um...  mad mod: oy, no roughhousing. do i have to separate you lot. starfire: eek.  robin: huh. cyborg: yo.  raven: azarath metrion zinthos. raven: little help here. i don't do funny. cyborg: you asked for it. beast boy: awesome. aw, not again. starfire: huh.   raven: no. beast boy: don't look at the screen, don't look at the screen don't look at the screen, don't look at the screen mad mod: oh, give it a rest, snotty. you've already lost. robin: huh. robin: the cane isn't real. which means mad mod is just as fake as everything else in here. robin: time for a reality check.  mad mod: yeah, this should teach those saucy little anklebiters some respect. mad mod: just a tick. i've lost robin. hologram mad mod: uh...minor technical hitch, my duckies. pay no mind, i'll have it fixed in a cyborg: booyah. mad mod: my machines. that meddling little snot will pay for mad mod: hello, guv'nor. robin: school's out, mod. and you're looking at about twenty years of detention.  cyborg: ha. cyborg: oh, yeah, this is definitely the real deal. robin: school always seems smaller after you graduate, doesn't it. raven: just don't expect me to go to any reunions. starfire: i cannot awaken beast boy. i have tried the tickling, all manner of bodily noises, and the word "underpants." i fear that this time his brain is gone forever. raven: beast boy had a brain. beast boy: good one. beast boy: dude. that's not funny. i totally have a brain. beast boy: i just don't use it much. ) )