director alex soto storyboarder christopher berkeley  dave bullock  john fang  irineo maramba  kirk van wormer writer amy wolfram animation studio: lotto animation downloads: transcribed by: alan back jump to: act 1 | act 2 | act 3  cyborg: huh. cyborg: ha.  cyborg: drum roll, please. cyborg: ladies and gentlemenand whatever beast boy is... beast boy: hey, cyborg. you want a drum roll or not. cyborg: sorry. it is my great pleasure to present, for the first time anywhere, the thing you've all been waiting for, my coolest, hottest, baddest creationraven: just get on with it. cyborg: i give you the future of titans transportation, the one, the only... cyborg: ...tcar.. beast boy: dude. robin: cool. starfire: oooooh. cyborg: yep, she's my baby. cyborg: onehundredthousandhorsepower plasmaturbine engine...allterrain hoverjets...antilock air brakes...and an onboard computer that links with my systemsso i can literally feel the road. beast boy: whoa. starfire: amazing. cyborg: and of course, leather seats, power windows, and a booming stereo are all standard. beast boy: sweet. robin: nice. starfire: it sings. raven: can we go now. cyborg: you bet, raven. i'll take you anyplace you want to go. beast boy: the beach. robin: the movies. starfire: the swamp moons of drenthax four. starfire: he said anyplace. robin: trouble. cyborg: i'll drive. opening theme  act one raven: are we there yet. cyborg: no.. starfire: so many fascinating buttons....your baby is most entertaining...ooooh. cyborg: stop....don't....careful with...not the ejector seat....would you cut it... starfire: look. they are dancing. cyborg: yo. cyborg: i know you're not drooling on my paint job. beast boy: my bad. cyborg: all right, y'all, hang on. time to kick my baby into high gear and see what she can robin: there. stop the car. cyborg: oh, man... robin: titans. go. cyborg: coming. sammy: dude. that is phat. cash: sweet ride. she yours. cyborg: built her with my own two hands, using the finest parts and cuttingedge techn raven: boys. cyborg: whoa. almost forgot to switch on the alarm.  overload: mine. all mine. robin: if you're going to take all that stuff... ...you'd better be ready to pay for it. overload: foolish biologicals. overload will destroy. raven: azarath metrion zinthos. beast boy: smooth. cyborg: yo, radiohead. listen to this. overload: mine. cyborg: i'll bet you're not waterproof. robin: good idea. titans. soak him.  cyborg: soon as we hand sparky over to the cops how 'bout we swing by the drivethru. beast boy: uh...dude. cyborg: my wheel lock. my car alarm. my baby. somebody stole my baby. cash: yeah. sammy: make it go faster. make it go faster.  cyborg: noooo. cyborg: no, no, no, no, no... starfire: i understand your pain, cyborg. when i was small, my favorite zarnik was eaten by a rampaging gloorg. believe me, after your zarnik has been inside a gloorg, you do not want it back. cyborg: my car wasn't eaten. it was stolen. beast boy: hey, look on the bright side. at least it wasn't my fault. robin: not helping. we'll help you find your car, i promise. but right now, we've gotta take overload to jail. cyborg: no. we gotta go now. every second we wait is a second she could get scratched or dinged or raven: calm down. it's just a car. cyborg: she's not just a car, she's my car. and i'm gonna find her, whether you guys help me or not. boy: it had a tailpipe this big. cyborg: i'm looking for my car. trickedout hardtop with a growl that'll make your teeth shake. ring any bells. boy: umyeah, yeah, umsammy and cash cruised by in a car like that. looks really cool with those flames painted on it. cyborg: they painted my baby... where are they. boy: well, they were looking to race, so they headed to... ...crash alley. sammy: hey, cash. check out the cute little windup toy. cash: get out the butter and jam, sammy, 'cause this dude is toast. sammy: dude, we're getting smoked. cash: then we'll smoke him right back.  sammy: hey, what's this one do. sammy: dude. that was the bomb. cash: the fastest car in town, and she's totally ours. gizmo: not anymore, pitsniffers. sammy: hey. cash: huh. hey, dude, what's going on here, huh. gizmo: check out gizmo's bonzer new wheels. thanks, hogs. i've been needing a faster getaway car. sammy: wait. you can't take it, it's not ours. cash: yeah, we were just kind of borrowing it from the titans. gizmo: even better. gizmo: so long, snotmunchers. cash: this is all your fault. cash, sammy: hey. cash: what's going on, buddy. cyborg: i want my car. sammy: yeah, see, um, the thing is, we sort of lost it in a race. cyborg: you lost my car... my car lost a race... cash: no way. we beat him easy. she handled like a dream. cyborg: she did. how'd she take the curves. 'cause, you know, i've been working on the suspension for adddddd... ...don't try to distract me. who has her now. sammy: dude named gizmo. said something about a getaway car and headed downtown. cash: hey. sammy: you can't just leave us like this. cyborg: you're right. i'll make sure the cops come pick you up. gizmo: this is too easy. wonder if there's a drivethru jewelry store around here. cyborg: get your tiny butt outta my car. cyborg: whoa. cyborg: fuzzy dice. aw, now that's just tacky. whoa. cyborg: no. keep those nasty plastic brushes off my baby. she's handwash only.  cyborg: the clutch. you gotta use the clutch. gizmo: i know, you stinking hood ornament. cyborg: are you even old enough to drive. cyborg: that'll buff right out, that'll buff right out... cyborg: hit the nitro. hit the nitro.. cyborg: oh, man...  raven: fourteen milkshakes. not a good sign. cyborg: what are you doing here. raven: looking for your car. soon as we turned overload in to the police, we all split up to search the city. cyborg: might as well stop looking. tcar's probably halfway to metropolis by now. from the day i designed her, i knew she was gonna be special. and i worked so hard, every fuel injector, every spark plug, i made her perfect. i put my heart, soul, and circuits into that car. and now she's gone forever. maybe you were right. maybe it was just a car. raven: maybe. maybe not. when i use my powers, i have to put a little of my soul into whatever i'm moving. i become a part of it, and it becomes a part of me. that's kinda what happened here. it wasn't just a car. it was...your baby. cyborg: yeah. cyborg: thanks, rae. raven: and someone's eating onion rings in your baby. waitress: hey. you didn't pay. cyborg: he'll get ketchup on the seats.. cash: so we were stuck. looked like we'd get busted for sure. sammy: but then we totally escaped before the cops showed up. raven: escape from that before the cops show up. cyborg: sweet ride. mind if we borrow it. gizmo: crud.. cyborg: he may have a better car, but i'm a better driver. gizmo: eat crude, you stinking losers. gizmo: ooooh, cool. cyborg: booyah. check out my baby's proton cannon. cyborg: uh...i mean...oh, no. cyborg: come on. faster, faster. raven: hang on. azarath metrion zinthos. cyborg: yo, what are you cyborg: pull over. gizmo: make me, robowimp. cyborg: i said, pull over. gizmo: hey. let me go, you barfsmelling hairball. raven: okay, making it really hard to concentrate. cyborg, raven: whoa. cyborg: nooooooo.. gizmo: heh. looks like your stupid car is cyborg: please be okay, please be okay, please be okay... overload: car is better than okay. overload: car is mine.  overload/tcar: only way to stop overload is to destroy your precious car. cyborg: it's not my car anymore. overload: overload...overloaded. cash: you got busted. gizmo: so did you, you brainless stinkbombs. cyborg: she's gone. gone forever. raven: maybe. maybe not. these are just parts. the thing you loved about that carthe thing that made her special that came from inside you. ) )