director michael chang storyboarder anthony chun  jennifer graves  steve jones  shaunt nigoghossian writer rob hoegee animation studio: dong woo animation transcribed by: alan back prologue slade: dangerous behavior, robin. you must be very eager to see me. i'm flattered. robin: i'm not here to see you. i'm here to stop you. slade: hmm. but how can you stop me, when you don't even know what i'm planning. robin: like this.  slade: excellent, robin. we appear to be evenly matched and equally ruthless. slade: not surprising. you and i are so very much alike. robin: i'm nothing like you. robin: you're a criminal, a psychopath. all you care about is destruction. slade: and all you care about, you destroy. robin: no. who are you.  cyborg: it's him. it's slade. opening theme november 21, 2011 at 8:11 pm flag quote & reply gb posts: 376 act one slade: good morning, teen titans. i do hope i didn't wake you. beast boy: what are you, an insomniac. who calls at five in the morning robin: what do you want. slade: well, that's precisely what you've been trying to find out, isn't it. and in spite of all your efforts, you're still in the dark about my intentions. disappointing, robin. i expected a little more from you. robin: like i care what you slade: but since you've been unable to discover my plan, i suppose i'll just have to reveal it myself. slade: i'm sure you're all familiar with the concept of a chronoton detonator. cyborg: no. raven: uhoh. beast boy: no way. um, what's a crouton detonator. starfire: it eradicates all chronotons within a localized area, utterly destroying the temporal component of the spacetime continuum. beast boy: hmm. raven: it stops time. permanently. cyborg: if he triggers that thing downtown, it'll freezeframe the entire city. robin: tell me where. slade: you're a clever boy, robin. i'm sure you and your little friends can figure it out. however, since i control the detonation, time is not on your side. robin: fan out. find it. shut it down. beast boy: hey, uh, maybe you should stay here and coordinate the search. robin: what. cyborg: man, when it comes to slade, you've got issues. cyborg: might be better for the team if you sit this one out. robin: no. robin: there's too much at stake for me tostarfire: robin... starfire: we have not forgotten the last time you facedrobin: i made a mistake, starfire. it won't happen again. i can handle it. i promise. raven: would you at least like to know where to look. raven: slade gave us more information than he realized. raven: here, in this reflection. beast boy: ooh, squiggly lines. way informative. starfire: pier fortyone. robin: the docks. starfire: empty. cyborg: oh, man. robin: i don't believe this. beast boy: great. now what do we do. robin: we fight. robin: titans. go. cyborg: hey. i was gonna do that.  raven: azarath metrion zin  cyborg: uh, robin. i think you got him. starfire: yes, please. you may stop now. starfire: we are victorious. robin: slade's got his finger on the button, and we've got nothing. does that sound like a victory to you. cyborg: okay. we know the chronoton detonator was here. now we just have to figure out where it went. beast boy: no problem. we should split up andraven: waste hours searching only to come up emptyhanded. beast boy: well, when you say it like that starfire: raven is right. we must find some way to track the device. robin: freeze. robin: tell me everything you know about this. robin: answer me. now. man: i've never seen it before. i don't know anything. honest. raven: you said you could handle it. starfire: you promised. robin: we're wasting time. beast boy: you know, just 'cause we're trying to catch slade doesn't mean you have to act like him. robin: don't you ever compare me to him. he's trying to destroy the city. i'm trying to save it. raven: gesundheit. starfire: forgive me. i am allergic to metallic chromium. there must be a source near starfire: sorry. cyborg: interesting. starfire: not really. on my world, chromium allergies are quite common. cyborg: no. the key component of a chronoton detonator is a metallic chromium core, which means beast boy: starfire can track it.   act two starfire: i believe it is this way. robin: look, guys, uhabout earlier. raven: it'll have to wait. robin: titans. go. robin: quick. we can't let him get away. starfire: robin. robin: get the detonator. go. cyborg: star. you heard the man. robin: only fair to warn youyou caught me on a bad day. computer: defense mode activated. cyborg: i will not be having attitude from a boat. robin: where is he. where'shuh.  slade: hurry, young titans. your time is running out. robin: actually we just went into overtime. slade: robin. welcome. i've been expecting you for some time. i was beginning to wonder if cinderblock was too much of a challenge. slade: looking for this. slade: well... ...here it is. slade: if you want it, come and take it. november 21, 2011 at 8:11 pm flag quote & reply gb posts: 376 act three cyborg: thanks for the lift. computer: auto pilot engaged. computer: invalid code. starfire: how does one halt this vehicle. raven: please tell me that's not how you're planning to stop the detonator. cyborg: uh... beast boy: you do know how to stop it, don't you. cyborg: how hard could it be. cyborg: ooh. raven: whatever we're gonna do, we should do it before slade decides to trigger this thing. slade: come now, robin. you'll have to do better than that. i haven't even broken a sweat. slade: good technique. slade: good but not perfect.  cyborg: the chromium core. very unstable. no sudden moves. starfire: please continue. cyborg: okay. now all we have to do is decouple the beast boy: well, that doesn't sound good. slade: i understand your frustration, robin. you hate losing as much as i do. one of the many qualities we have in common. robin: it's over, slade. slade: on the contrary, robin. robin: huh. cyborg: moment of truth, y'all. everybody ready. beast boy: i can't watch. beast boy: we blew it. we'll be frozen in time forever. beast boy: um...why are we not frozen in time forever. cyborg: because this wasn't a crhronoton detonator. it was a fake. beast boy: so aside from the nasty taste of sewer water in my mouth, i think i'm okay. cyborg: diagnostic sensors say i'm just fine. raven: whatever that beam was supposed to do, it didn't do it. starfire: then...we are victorious. slade: nanoscopic probes. the chronoton detonator was merely the bait for a much larger trap. slade: you see, with the push of a button slade: my probes will destroy your friends from the inside out. robin: you can't control them. no matter what you threaten, they'll never obey you. slade: this isn't about your friends, robin. it's about you. it's always been about you. robin: what. slade: sending trouble your way. leaving cryptic clues for you to unravel. i was testing you. for some time now, i have been searching for an apprentice. someone to follow in my footsteps. and, robin, i've chosen you. congratulations. robin: no way would i ever work for slade: if you join me, if you swear to serve me if you never speak to your friends again i will allow them to live. slade: but... ...if you disobey even the smallest request, i will annihilate them, robin. and i'll make you watch. so, do we have a deal. starfire: robin. starfire: robin. robin, please respond. why does he not answer. cyborg: his locator's been deactivated. we have no way to find him. beast boy: not good. starfire: robin, please. you must answer. robin. starfire: please respond. starfire: robin, where are you. slade: i know it seems bad now. but trust me you'll learn to like it. ) )