director ciro nieli storyboarder ben jones  kalvin lee  alan wan  matt youngberg writer david slack prologue starfire: robin. robin. please, robin, where are you. raven: starfire, enough. you've been calling for fortyfive minutes. starfire: perhaps if i just try one more beast boy: come on, star. if he's gonna pick up, he'd have done it by now. 'sides, you're kinda giving me a headache. starfire: but why does he not respond. where could he be. cyborg: robin and cinderblock definitely went a few rounds but i can't tell who won, or where they went. raven: no sign of him here, either. raven: his locator is still offline. i've been monitoring all the frequencies, but he hasn't checked in. starfire: oh, we are bad friends. we should never have left robin to do battle alone. beast boy: yeah, especially since slade's big doodad was a dud. raven: the chronoton detonator wasn't a dud. it was a decoy to lure us away from robinand we fell for it. cyborg: i shoulda known that thing was a fake. starfire: but why. why did slade wish to separate us from robin. beast boy: and if the detonator was a decoy... raven: ...what was slade's real plan. cyborg: titans. trouble. voice: he's stolen the thermal blaster. guard 1: stop him. guard 2: where'd he go. cyborg: freeze. beast boy: that's not slade, that's... starfire: ...robin. opening theme   act one cyborg: whoa. beast boy: no way. starfire: robin, why are you cyborg: yo. beast boy: what is your deal.  cyborg: what are you doing. starfire: robin...  slade: excellent, robin. i'm pleased. you're already proving to be the perfect apprentice. robin: this deal can't last forever. slade: it can. and it will. slade: the titans still have no idea that my chronoton detonator was more than a decoy. now that my probes are inside their bodies, they could remain undetected for yearsdecades. slade: unless, of course, you disobey me and i decide to destroy your former friends with a push of the button. robin: sooner or later, you'll let your guard down. i will get that controller, and the instant they're out of danger, you will pay. slade: that sounds like a threat, young man. quite a good threat, actually. betrayal, destruction, revenge. we really do think alike. slade: i monitored your vital signs during the mission. elevated heart rate, adrenaline, endorphins. you won't admit it, but at some level you enjoyed stealing for me. it was a thrill, wasn't it. slade: you're going to keep stealing, robin. and you're going to keep getting that thrill. and sooner or later you will see things my way. slade: who knows. i might even become like a father to you. robin: i already have a father. beast boy: okay. the way i see it... beast boy: ...there are only two logical explanations. one... beast boy: ...robin's been replaced by an evil robot double. beast boy: two...he's another innocent victim of zombie mind control. raven: as logical as that sounds, if anything was controlling his mind, i would have sensed it. cyborg: and my scanners confirmed his biometrics. that was the real robinour robin. starfire: lies. that was not robin. your scanners are wrong. robin is our friend, and nothing could ever make him betray us. nothing. raven: but something did. beast boy: three wordsdisgruntled radioactive clone. ow. raven: no matter what the reason, no matter how much we wish it wasn't true, robin's a criminal now. and just like any other criminalcyborg: the teen titans have to bring him down. beast boy: it's him.  [) cyborg: you're not walking outta here, robin. cyborg: not without a fight. titans. go.  robin: the device was too heavily guarded. i'll have to steal it another cyborg: robin. cyborg: look, i don't know what's going on but we don't want to fight. we just want to talk. beast boy: guess there's nothing to talk about.  starfire: please cyborg: don't make me...  starfire: huh. beast boy: okay. weirdness. what just   cyborg: titans. move. raven: he's gone. cyborg: everybody okay. beast boy: uh, i know where robin picked up that heat ray, but where did he learn that little glowy hurty trick. starfire: i do not think that was robin. perhaps it is slade who has learned a new trick. slade: thrilling. slade: my apprentice is progressing even faster than i had hoped. all he needed was a little motivation. robin: motivate this. slade: robin. that was vicious, dishonorable, and ruthless. excellent work. you're becoming more like me every second.  cyborg: think i found something. cyborg: the enhanced sensors are picking up radio interference on the naonscopic scale. raven: whoa. beast boy: those things are inside me. ewww.. cyborg: they're inside all of us. billions of 'em. starfire: with such technology at his command, slade can destroy us whenever he wants. raven: unless robin does whatever he says. beast boy: and you guys thought my zombie idea was crazy.  slade: good., robin. you're doing much better than last time. a few more years of training, and you might actually pose a threat.  robin: huh.  slade: you're going to wish you hadn't done that. robin: i only wish i'd done it sooner. slade: i have much to teach you. but the first thing you need to learn is gratitude. slade: i made you my apprentice. all my knowledge, all my power, all for you. but the only thing you care about is your worthless little friends. slade: if the titans are so distracting, maybe i should just get rid of them. robin: don't. i'll do whatever you say. slade: good boy. and, from now on, i'd like you to call me master. starfire: leavehimalone. act three slade: robin. attack. robin: get out of here. go. you don't know what those beams did tobeast boy: dude... raven: ...we know... cyborg: ...and we don't care. starfire: we are your friends, robin. we are not leaving without you. slade: how very touching. but robin doesn't need any friends. slade: this is the price for your disobedience, robin. now do as i command. attack. robin: no. slade: robin.  robin: new deal, slade. if i lose my friends, you lose your apprentice. and i know how you hate to lose. robin: titans. go.   slade: another day, robin. slade: another day.  robin: let's go home.  beast boy: am i done yet. cyborg: that's it, y'all. the teen titans are officially probefree. beast boy: go, beast boy. you're probeless. no probes now. go, beast boy. go, beast boy. get funkay. uh. yeah. uh, uh, that's right. raven: um...i know this isn't my style, but we just kicked slade's butt. shouldn't we celebrate or something. beast boy: yeah. cyborg: allyoucaneat... beast boy: ...freeform... beast boy, cyborg: ...breakfast explosion. raven: sorry i asked. robin: everything okay. starfire: i am sorry. robin: you're sorry. for what. starfire: when things were bad, there was a moment where i truly believed that you were...like slade. i doubted you. and for that, i am sorry. robin: i doubted myself, star. focused, serious, determined...as much as i hate to admit it, he and i are kind of alike. but there's one big difference between me and slade. he doesn't have any friends. beast boy: who wants tofu waffles. cyborg: man, nobody wants tofu waffles. beast boy: i do. pass me the soy milk. cyborg: i'm telling you, you're not getting anywhere near the soy milk. beast boy: man, pass me the soy milk. cyborg: is there any meat in the tofu. beast boy: no, there's no meat in the tofu, it's tofu. cyborg: nobody wants it. ) )