director ciro nieli storyboarder ben jones  kalvin lee  alan wan  matt youngberg writer dwayne mcduffie animation studio: dong woo animation downloads: transcribed by: alan back jump to: act 1 | act 2 | act 3 prologue raven: fire beats wood. cyborg: but water beats fire. beast boy: sun dries up water. robin: and thunderstorm blocks out sun. raven: i'm out. beast boy: me too. starfire: i wish to...go the fish. beast boy: uh, you want to fold, starfire. starfire: fold. that is good. i am victorious. robin: sorry, star. i guess i'm just...invincible. cyborg: ahahah. how can you be invincible if i've still got one card. cyborg: come on, robin. you know you want to play me for it. one last round, winner take all. robin: you're on, cyborg, and you're going down. robin: tornado. beat that. beast boy, raven, starfire: ooooh. cyborg: well, okay. cyborg: booyah. robin: meteor... beast boy: the oneinamillion wild card that beats all others. ohhh...it's too beautiful for words. cyborg: aw, yeah, baby. who's invincible now. starfire: be proud and cheerful, robin. you competed well. raven: winning isn't everything. robin: yeah...it's just the only thing that matters. i want a rematch. cyborg: um...i don't know how to tell you this, man, but...you're outta cards. robin: beast boy, gimme your cards. beast boy: uh...  cyborg: huh. starfire: this is part of the game. raven: uh...  voice: welcome, champions all. master: i am the master of games. master: and you are hereby invited to compete in the tournament of heroes. opening theme act one master: the tournament of heroes. a friendly competition between the world's greatest young champions. master: robinthe combatequipped, kungfutrained oneman army. master: hot spota human flamethrower with a fiery temper to match. master: cyborgthe hightech teen fighting machine. master: aqualad a waterbreathing telepath with mastery over surf and sea. master: wildebeest four hundred ponds of primal heroic fury. master: gizmo the nasty little boy with the really big brain. master: beast boya quickwitted changeling who can turn into any animal. master: and speedythe agile archer with an unstoppable arsenal of energy arrows. master: eight brave and worthy champions, but only one shall win. beast boy: so...does the winner get some kind of really cool prize, like...maybe...oh, i don't know...a moped. master: i have no moped, shapeshifter. but rest assured. when the tournament is complete, there will be magnificent prizes. and, of course, the winner shall prove that he is the greatest young hero on earth. master: however, any who do not wish to compete need only say the word and i shall return you home at once. robin: looks like we're inall of us. master: the challenge is accepted. the tournament begins. prepare for competition. beast boy: aquadude. what's up. ready to watch me claim all those prizes. aqualad: no. but after i win, i promise to let you have my autograph. cyborg: hey, what's he doing here. he's no hero. i thought this was a tournament of gizmo: what's the matter, robowimp. afraid i'll kick your stinking can. cyborg: just try it. hot spot: what's that sme oh. robin: speedy. i've heard you're goodreal good. speedy: robin. likewise. great to finally meet you. robin: so, what are those arrows made of. speedy: polarized matrices of highenergy electrons. robin: right. same technology packs the punch in my electric discs. how do you overcome the quantumentanglement problem. speedy: borrowed some time on a prototype accelerator and generated enough positrons to slow down the reaction so that beast boy: whoa, dude. never knew robin had a clone. voice of master: champions. round one. face your opponents. master: cyborg versus gizmo. master: beast boy versus wildebeest. master: speedy versus aqualad. master: robin versus hot spot.   gizmo: what's wrong, barfbrain. feeling jumpy.       gizmo: let me go. gizmo: still think i don't belong in your pitsniffing tournament. cyborg: yeah. and it's about time somebody gave you the boot. gizmo: huh.      robin: speedy. all right, you won. cyborg: but beast boy didn't. master: well played, young champions. you have survived round one. robin: survived. what happened to the losers. cyborg: yeah, where's our friend. master: peace, heroes. survived is merely an expression. beast boy and the other losers have been returned home safely. but think not of the vanquished, my champions. now you must rest, for tomorrow you face...round two. master: oh, what a marvelous game. no matter who is victorious... ...i win all the prizes. act two cyborg: yo, robin. wake up. it's me. robin: cyborg. it's late. and i don't think we're supposed to be out of our cyborg: can't sleep. cyborg: i tried calling home to make sure beast boy's okay... dissolve to a closeup of the upper stories and zoom in on the operations center window, through which starfire and raven can be seen. a red phone, with the titans' insignia in place of a rotary dial, sits on the coffee table under starfire's very worried eye. raven, meanwhile, sits off to one side and does a bit of knitting.) cyborg: ...but i can't get a signal through. robin: we're in an alternate dimension, kind of outside your calling plan. cyborg: um... robin: i'm sure he's fine. the master said all the losers were sent home, safe and sound. cyborg: yeah, i know. but i've just got a bad feeling. there's something weird about this game. robin: i guess it couldn't hurt to have a look around. robin: hold on. . robin: i know what you're doing. cyborg: what am i doing. robin: you're trying to trick me again, like you did in the card game. cyborg: i am. robin: sure. we'll go investigate, and be up all night, and find nothing. then you'll recharge your batteries in fifteen minutes while i get no sleep. cyborg: say what... robin: when round two starts, i'll be fighting fatigue, and you'll be that much closer to winning the prize.  cyborg: no, man, for real. i'm just worried about bb. come on. winning isn't robin: riiiiight. cyborg: crazy, paranoid, hypercompetitive, spikyhaired little... cyborg: gizmo.  master: magnificent. absolutely magnificent prizes. gizmo, hot spot, aqualad, beast boy. master: now that the vanquished are in my possession, their powers are mine to command. i can scarcely wait to see what i win in round two. cyborg: there's not gonna be a round two. cyborg: game over. master: the game is never over, young champion, but i'm afraid that you are disqualified.  master: never challenge the master. i always win. speedy: good luck today. may the best man win. sorry. may the best...champion win. robin: right back at you, speedy. where's cyborg. it's not like him to be late. master: cyborg will not be joining us. master: your friend has been disqualified for attempting to sabotage his fellow champions. robin: he shoulda played fair. master: and with only three champions remaining, we shall proceed directly to... ...the final round. master: speedy versus wildebeest versus robin, in a threeman fight to the finish.   speedy: thanks, robin. robin: don't thank me yet. robin: we are playing to win, aren't we. speedy: looks that way. speedy: may the best man win. robin: i intend to.    speedy: just a friendly competition, huh. robin: yeah. should be fun. speedy: right. 'cause winning isn't everything. robin: it's just the only thing that matters.  robin: heatseekers.     speedy: my bow. robin: you lose. speedy: but was it really worth it. act three master: well done, champion of champions. victory is yours. robin: guess i'm supposed to get some sorta prizes now. master: i did say there would be prizes, young champion. i did not say they were for you. robin: what are you talking about. master: you may be the winner... master: ...but the losers are mine to keep. master: and with all their powers at my command... master: ...no one will ever defeat the master of games. master: i am invincible. robin: how can you be invincible if you don't have me, the champion of champions. master: you are quite skilled. robin: then maybe the game isn't over. master: the game is never over. robin: one last roundwinner take all. master: robin versus the master of games. let the contest begin.   master: i win. i always win. robin: not today. speedy: nice work. cyborg: told you there was something weird about this game. master: victory shall be mine. robin: winning isn't everything.  master: noooooo..  master: i lose. robin: as far as i'm concerned... robin: ...you're all honorary titans. gizmo: cool. cyborg: yo, gimme that. you're not a good guy, remember. gizmo: scrumbuffing toejamming gunkeater. robin: sorry i've pretty much acted like a jerk. beast boy: well, dudes... cyborg: it's been fun. robin: and if you ever need us, you know how to reach us. speedy: right back at you. master: welcome, champions all. you are hereby invited to compete master: in the tournament of heroines. starfire: raven. raven: yeah. starfire: i have a bad feeling about this. prologue raven: fire beats wood. cyborg: but water beats fire. beast boy: sun dries up water. robin: and thunderstorm blocks out sun. raven: i'm out. beast boy: me too. starfire: i wish to...go the fish. beast boy: uh, you want to fold, starfire. starfire: fold. that is good. i am victorious. robin: sorry, star. i guess i'm just...invincible. cyborg: ahahah. how can you be invincible if i've still got one card. cyborg: come on, robin. you know you want to play me for it. one last round, winner take all. robin: you're on, cyborg, and you're going down. robin: tornado. beat that. beast boy, raven, starfire: ooooh. cyborg: well, okay. cyborg: booyah. robin: meteor... beast boy: the oneinamillion wild card that beats all others. ohhh...it's too beautiful for words. cyborg: aw, yeah, baby. who's invincible now. starfire: be proud and cheerful, robin. you competed well. raven: winning isn't everything. robin: yeah...it's just the only thing that matters. i want a rematch. cyborg: um...i don't know how to tell you this, man, but...you're outta cards. robin: beast boy, gimme your cards. beast boy: uh...  cyborg: huh. starfire: this is part of the game. raven: uh...  voice: welcome, champions all. master: i am the master of games. master: and you are hereby invited to compete in the tournament of heroes. opening theme november 22, 2011 at 5:30 pm flag quote & reply gb posts: 376 act one master: the tournament of heroes. a friendly competition between the world's greatest young champions. master: robinthe combatequipped, kungfutrained oneman army. master: hot spota human flamethrower with a fiery temper to match. master: cyborgthe hightech teen fighting machine. master: aqualad a waterbreathing telepath with mastery over surf and sea. master: wildebeest four hundred ponds of primal heroic fury. master: gizmo the nasty little boy with the really big brain. master: beast boya quickwitted changeling who can turn into any animal. master: and speedythe agile archer with an unstoppable arsenal of energy arrows. master: eight brave and worthy champions, but only one shall win. beast boy: so...does the winner get some kind of really cool prize, like...maybe...oh, i don't know...a moped. master: i have no moped, shapeshifter. but rest assured. when the tournament is complete, there will be magnificent prizes. and, of course, the winner shall prove that he is the greatest young hero on earth. master: however, any who do not wish to compete need only say the word and i shall return you home at once. robin: looks like we're inall of us. master: the challenge is accepted. the tournament begins. prepare for competition. beast boy: aquadude. what's up. ready to watch me claim all those prizes. aqualad: no. but after i win, i promise to let you have my autograph. cyborg: hey, what's he doing here. he's no hero. i thought this was a tournament of gizmo: what's the matter, robowimp. afraid i'll kick your stinking can. cyborg: just try it. hot spot: what's that sme oh. robin: speedy. i've heard you're goodreal good. speedy: robin. likewise. great to finally meet you. robin: so, what are those arrows made of. speedy: polarized matrices of highenergy electrons. robin: right. same technology packs the punch in my electric discs. how do you overcome the quantumentanglement problem. speedy: borrowed some time on a prototype accelerator and generated enough positrons to slow down the reaction so that beast boy: whoa, dude. never knew robin had a clone. voice of master: champions. round one. face your opponents. master: cyborg versus gizmo. master: beast boy versus wildebeest. master: speedy versus aqualad. master: robin versus hot spot.   gizmo: what's wrong, barfbrain. feeling jumpy.       gizmo: let me go. gizmo: still think i don't belong in your pitsniffing tournament. cyborg: yeah. and it's about time somebody gave you the boot. gizmo: huh. november 22, 2011 at 5:31 pm flag quote & reply gb posts: 376     robin: speedy. all right, you won. cyborg: but beast boy didn't. master: well played, young champions. you have survived round one. robin: survived. what happened to the losers. cyborg: yeah, where's our friend. master: peace, heroes. survived is merely an expression. beast boy and the other losers have been returned home safely. but think not of the vanquished, my champions. now you must rest, for tomorrow you face...round two. master: oh, what a marvelous game. no matter who is victorious... ...i win all the prizes. november 22, 2011 at 5:31 pm flag quote & reply gb posts: 376 act two cyborg: yo, robin. wake up. it's me. robin: cyborg. it's late. and i don't think we're supposed to be out of our cyborg: can't sleep. cyborg: i tried calling home to make sure beast boy's okay... dissolve to a closeup of the upper stories and zoom in on the operations center window, through which starfire and raven can be seen. a red phone, with the titans' insignia in place of a rotary dial, sits on the coffee table under starfire's very worried eye. raven, meanwhile, sits off to one side and does a bit of knitting.) cyborg: ...but i can't get a signal through. robin: we're in an alternate dimension, kind of outside your calling plan. cyborg: um... robin: i'm sure he's fine. the master said all the losers were sent home, safe and sound. cyborg: yeah, i know. but i've just got a bad feeling. there's something weird about this game. robin: i guess it couldn't hurt to have a look around. robin: hold on. . robin: i know what you're doing. cyborg: what am i doing. robin: you're trying to trick me again, like you did in the card game. cyborg: i am. robin: sure. we'll go investigate, and be up all night, and find nothing. then you'll recharge your batteries in fifteen minutes while i get no sleep. cyborg: say what... robin: when round two starts, i'll be fighting fatigue, and you'll be that much closer to winning the prize.  cyborg: no, man, for real. i'm just worried about bb. come on. winning isn't robin: riiiiight. cyborg: crazy, paranoid, hypercompetitive, spikyhaired little... cyborg: gizmo.  master: magnificent. absolutely magnificent prizes. gizmo, hot spot, aqualad, beast boy. master: now that the vanquished are in my possession, their powers are mine to command. i can scarcely wait to see what i win in round two. cyborg: there's not gonna be a round two. cyborg: game over. master: the game is never over, young champion, but i'm afraid that you are disqualified.  master: never challenge the master. i always win. speedy: good luck today. may the best man win. sorry. may the best...champion win. robin: right back at you, speedy. where's cyborg. it's not like him to be late. master: cyborg will not be joining us. master: your friend has been disqualified for attempting to sabotage his fellow champions. robin: he shoulda played fair. master: and with only three champions remaining, we shall proceed directly to... ...the final round. master: speedy versus wildebeest versus robin, in a threeman fight to the finish.   speedy: thanks, robin. robin: don't thank me yet. robin: we are playing to win, aren't we. speedy: looks that way. speedy: may the best man win. robin: i intend to.    speedy: just a friendly competition, huh. robin: yeah. should be fun. speedy: right. 'cause winning isn't everything. robin: it's just the only thing that matters.  robin: heatseekers.    november 22, 2011 at 5:31 pm flag quote & reply gb posts: 376 speedy: my bow. robin: you lose. speedy: but was it really worth it. act three master: well done, champion of champions. victory is yours. robin: guess i'm supposed to get some sorta prizes now. master: i did say there would be prizes, young champion. i did not say they were for you. robin: what are you talking about. master: you may be the winner... master: ...but the losers are mine to keep. master: and with all their powers at my command... master: ...no one will ever defeat the master of games. master: i am invincible. robin: how can you be invincible if you don't have me, the champion of champions. master: you are quite skilled. robin: then maybe the game isn't over. master: the game is never over. robin: one last roundwinner take all. master: robin versus the master of games. let the contest begin.   master: i win. i always win. robin: not today. speedy: nice work. cyborg: told you there was something weird about this game. master: victory shall be mine. robin: winning isn't everything.  master: noooooo..  master: i lose. robin: as far as i'm concerned... robin: ...you're all honorary titans. gizmo: cool. cyborg: yo, gimme that. you're not a good guy, remember. gizmo: scrumbuffing toejamming gunkeater. robin: sorry i've pretty much acted like a jerk. beast boy: well, dudes... cyborg: it's been fun. robin: and if you ever need us, you know how to reach us. speedy: right back at you. master: welcome, champions all. you are hereby invited to compete master: in the tournament of heroines. starfire: raven. raven: yeah. starfire: i have a bad feeling about this. ) )