director alex soto storyboarder irineo maramba  sam montes  scooter tidwell  chap yaep writer amy wolfram animation studio: dong woo animation downloads: transcribed by: alan back jump to: act 1 | act 2 | act 3 prologue robin: tell slade the titans have a message for him. terra: eat dirt. robin: titans. go.  raven: terra. catch. terra: thanks a ton. raven: closer to two tons, actually. terra: you saved me. beast boy: yeah. that was cool. terra: uh, beast boy. you can put me down now. beast boy: right. i was just, uh...   slade: excellent. slade: you've done well. very well. all your hard work is about to pay off. tonight we strike. slade: and by sunrise tomorrow the titans will be annihilated. opening theme act one cyborg: and the last slice of pizza goes to... cyborg: ...terra. robin: all right. beast boy: whoooo. starfire: you are the winner. raven: congratulations. cyborg: just a rookie, and already you're an mvp holding the coveted fourcheese trophy. terra... cyborg: ...the world wants to know. how does it feel. terra: um...good...and kinda greasy. robin: seriously, terra, great job tonight. we're glad to have you on the team. starfire: and we are most mirthful to claim you as our friend. raven: yeah. what they say. terra: beast boy... terra: thanks, guys, really, for everything. but you shouldn'ti'm just doing my job, you know. no big deal. beast boy: well, it's a big deal to us. good friends don't come along every day, you know. cyborg: all right, y'all. titans tower's locked up and cyborg's shutting down. robin: we should all get some sleep. we may have stopped slade tonight, but we need to figure out what he's planning tomorrow. raven: 'night. starfire: pleasant shlorvaks. beast boy: nightynight, terra. terra: yeah. see you tomorrow. beast boy: hi. terra: hi. terra: okay, well... ...nice talking to you. beast boy: i kinda...made you something. terra: you did. beast boy: yeah. beast boy: went a little crazy with the glue gun. terra: beast boy...it's...i don't know what to say. beast boy: you could say yes, 'cause i'm about to ask you out on a date. terra: oh...wow. beast boy: so... ...want to do something tomorrow night. terra: tomorrow...i...i'm sorry, beast boy, i can't. beast boy: but terra: i just can't. beast boy: um...okay...maybe some other time. beast boy: you idiot. beast boy: how could you mess that up. all you had to do was knock on the door and say... beast boy: yo, terra. you, me, movies, friday. beast boy: you are the most beautiful woman i have ever seen. beast boy: you want to go for a ride on my moped. beast boy: pleeeeeeeeeease. beast boy: anything would've been better than giving her a stupid gluecovered box and acting like a total goober. now she'll never go out with me. beast boy: um...how long have you been standing there. terra: want to go out. beast boy: huh. yeah. i mean...uh...that's cool. but why didn't you just knock on my door. terra: do you trust me. beast boy: more than anyone i've ever met. beast boy: so, you want to catch a late movie. cyborg: oh, man. cyborg: i knew i shouldn't have given up that last slice of pizza. cyborg: oh, well. nothing a footlong ham and beef jerky sandwich won't cyborg: no. act two beast boy: when you asked me out, i didn't realize you meant out of town. terra: looks cool, doesn't it. guess sometimes you have to leave a place to really appreciate it. terra: you hungry. beast boy: always.  beast boy: um... ...don't suppose you guys have a veggie burger. terra: we'll just get the usual, pam. beast boy: so, um, i'm guessing you've been here before. terra: i've been everywhere before. i was quite the traveler before i became a titan, remember. beast boy: okay. what's the coolest place you've ever been. terra: don't know. probably titans tower. but there's plenty of cool stuff out here. who knows. if you're really nice to me, maybe i'll give you the tour. terra: dig in. beast boy: this is the greatest pie in the history of pie. terra: there's a place about two hundred miles outside of gotham that bakes a mean cherry. terra: but for apple, this is the best there terra: let's get outta here. night's still young. beast boy: but, pie. robin: beast boy. come in. robin: beast boy, where are you. answer me.  robin: he's not responding. raven: and terra's not in her room. cyborg: somebody want to explain how two hundred armed robots got past my security. cyborg: can't even access the computer. we're locked out. starfire: they are too numerous to fight. what shall we do. robin: fight anyway. titans. go.  raven: azarath metrion zinthos. raven: that's my room. raven: nobody goes in my room.  cyborg: don't know how you guys got in but i know how you're getting out.   beast boy: yahooooo.. beast boy: yeah. this place is awesome. terra: spent a lotta time here when i was on the road. it's the closest thing i've ever had to a home. beast boy: you mean, besides titans tower. terra: yeah. so you want to ride the bumper cars, or beast boy: terra, is everything okay. terra: totally. what makes you beast boy: 'cause i'm having fun. aand i really want you to have fun. but if you're not, you know, with me terra: beast boy, you're my definition of fun. come on, let's ride some rides.      beast boy: so, what made you change your mind. terra: excuse me. beast boy: about going out with me. it was the ears, wasn't it. ladies love the pointy ears. terra: actually, it was because...of all the things i could've done tonight, i realized all i really wanted to do was spend time with you. beast boy: lucky for me you didn't have other plans. terra: beast boy, if you knew something bad about me, would you still be my friend. beast boy: of course. terra: i mean, if you were really my friend, i could tell you anything. and no matter how horrible it was, you'd still like me, right. beast boy: yes. i promise, terra. no matter what. slade: hello, terra. remember me. act three slade: i have plans for you, terra. did you think you and your little boyfriend could just run away. beast boy: let her go. terra: beast boy. beast boy: terra. run. slade: stay where you are, child. beast boy: what do you want with her. slade: you mean she didn't tell you. i thought you two were friends   slade: you think you know her. you know nothing. she never even liked you. terra: beast boy, come on. beast boy: terra. terra: beast boy. fly. slade: terra. no.  beast boy: i lost my communicator. gimme yours. terra: i don't have it. beast boy: then we've gotta get back to the tower and terra: beast boy, i'm not going back. i can't. beast boy: what. why can't you. slade: because she's not your friend. she's my apprentice. beast boy: terra. terra. slade: the girl you knew was merely an illusion. a fantasy. in reality, she's been working for me. beast boy: that's a lie. slade: i found her. i trained her to control her impressive powers. and then i sent her to destroy your little t from the inside out. beast boy: no. terra would never slade: tonight her orders were to strike. but i guess she took pity on you. perhaps she wanted to keep you as a pet. however, despite this minor error in judgment she was kind enough to deactivate the security at titans tower. your friends are being annihilated as we speak. beast boy: liar. terra: beast boy...it's the truth. beast boy: terra...why. slade: because you could never give her what she needs. terra: no. i won't let you hurt my friend. slade: dear child, you don't have any friends.  terra: beast boy, i'm sorry. i'm so sorry. i never meant for any of this to happen. beast boy: then why did you let it. terra: i don't know, okay. i don't know. terra: slade...he helped me, saved me from myself. he said i owed him, but beast boy: so it was all a game. you were just pretending. terra: no. you said you'd be my friend no matter what, remember. beast boy: slade was right. you don't have any friends. slade: apprentice. come. slade: we've had a change of plans.  cyborg: well...looks like we won. starfire: then why does it not feel like a victory. raven: i knew it. i knew it. we never should have trusted her. robin: but we did. we all did. cyborg: i've regained access to the computer. security codes and encryption strings have all been reset. starfire: and all enemy surveillance technology has been located and destroyed. raven: problem is, terra gave slade more than secret codes and hidden cameras. she gave him us. our flaws, our weaknesses, everything he'd ever need to know. robin: it doesn't matter. when slade makes his next move, we'll be ready. cyborg: and beast boy. starfire: he will be all right. robin: he just needs a little time. ) )