director ciro nieli storyboarder ben jones  kalvin lee  alan wan  matt youngberg writer david slack animation studio: dong woo animation downloads: transcribed by: alan back jump to: act 1 | act 2 | act 3 prologue slade: you have had doubts in the past. made mistakes. slade: but all that is behind you, isn't it. terra: yes. slade: you belong to me now... ...don't you. terra: i do. slade: from this day forward, will you serve me and me only. terra: i will. slade: will you obey my every command. terra: i will. slade: will you fight at my side forever. terra: i will. slade: and will you destroy the teen titans. terra: i thought you'd never ask. opening theme act one beast boy: okay, okay, i got one. why are ducks so funny. because they're always quacking jokes. raven: pull over. i think i'm gonna be sick. starfire: oh, i see. it is humorous because ducks lack the large brain necessary for the telling of jokes. robin: actually, starfire, it just wasn't humorous. beast boy: huh. raven: because beast boy lacks the large brain necessary for telling jokes. beast boy: come on, raven, you know i'm hilarious. and i'm not gonna give up until i get you to smile. okay. why did the aardvark cross the road. raven: to beat up the idiot telling jokes about him. cyborg: the idiot telling the jokes... robin: now that's funny. starfire: please. an aardvark is some form of duck.  beast boy: terra. terra: hey, guys. miss me. beast boy: huh. robin: titans. go.  beast boy: terra, stop. we're your friends. terra: i don't have any friends, remember.  raven: don't make me hurt you. terra: don't make me laugh.   robin: cyborg. now. cyborg: sorry, kid. desk man: then i said, chill out. it's not like the sky's falling.    starfire: terra. terra: you always were easy to fool.  raven: that's a new trick. terra: whoa. how did i  slade: your new suit is more than a fashion statement, my dear. slade: it is a sophisticated neural interface that gives me direct access to your nervous system. slade: your power is my power. my strength is your strength. slade: we are connected, terraunited as master and apprentice. we fight as one.     robin: titans. fall back. terra: can't see. robin: you heard me. fall back.  cyborg: i shoulda blasted her when i had the chance. raven: i should've hit her with everything i've got. starfire: why did i permit her to fool me again. robin: why couldn't we take her down just like any other criminal. beast boy: because... ...she's not just another criminal. she's terra. beast boy: she was a titan. she was...our friend. raven: terra was never our friend. she was a liar and a spy, trained by slade and sent to destroy us. she's evil. always has been, always will be. beast boy: you don't know what you're talking about, okay, raven. she's made some serious mistakes, but she's not cyborg: hey, man, the girl wrecked my car. seems pretty evil to me. beast boy: this isn't a joke. i knew her better than anyone. i know all the terrible things she's done, and i know exactly how messed up she is. but she's not evil. we can't just give up on her. robin: beast boy, she's working for slade. beast boy: when you were working for slade, did we give up on you. robin: she gets one last chance. one. we have to break slade's grip on her. we have to try to get terra back. starfire: trouble.   slade: well done, my dear apprentice. slade: the neural remotes are online...overload, cinderblock, and plasmus are in my command... slade: ...and everything is under control. act two robin: we've got three escaped criminals attacking three separate targets. whatever slade's doing, we have to split up and stop it. starfire: robin and i shall defeat cinderblock. raven: i can deal with overload. cyborg: and beast boy and i'll take plasmus. beast boy: what about terra. robin: we'll have to worry about her when this is over.  guard: fire. raven: so, overload, think you can handle a total blackout. raven: azarath metrion zinthos.   cyborg: great. now he spits acid. beast boy: let's just get this over with. cyborg: huh.     starfire: he is unquestionably persistent. robin: but why. there's nothing to capture, nothing to steal. why did slade send him here.  raven: what is your mission. why are you terra: hello. terra: /does the word decoy mean anything to you. we had to find some way to coax you cowards out of hiding. raven: terra. terra: raven. raven: traitor. terra: / witch.     terra: you know, raven, i never liked you. raven: i never even wanted to know you. you may have fooled the others, but i always knew you were a liar. terra: oh, really. is that why you let me live in your house and steal all your secrets and raven: shut up.  terra: you're not getting mad, are you, rae. oh, better be careful. beast boy told me all about your temper tantrums. raven: anger is pointless. my emotions are under control. terra: nyah, nyah, nyah. anger is pointless. the face is smoothed away.) and you're calling me a liar. terra: come on, raven. what stings the most. that i tricked you. that i nearly wiped out your team. that everyone liked me better than you. raven: stop it. terra: or is it that deep down inside, you really believed i was your friend. raven: i trusted you. raven: we trusted you. we gave you everything and you treated us like dirt.  terra: who's in control now.  starfire: victory at last. robin: now we can concentrate on saving ter robin: starfire..  cyborg: huh.  terra: hope you're not expecting a goodbye kiss. beast boy: terra, you can't. terra: watch me. beast boy: terra. act three beast boy: terra, you can't. slade: excellent work, terra. i couldn't have done it without you. but...our conquest is not yet complete. terra: i know. four titans down, one to robin: donotmove. terra: what's the matter, robin. feeling lonely since i exterminated all your friends. robin: they were your friends too. terra: i don't need any friends. robin: what did we ever do to make you hate us so much. terra: you were born. robin: i promised beast boy i'd give you one last chanceand this is it. robin: look at yourself, terra. robin: is this really what you want to be. terra: i'm just never gonna be good enough for you, am i. robin: you don't belong with slade. terra: you don't know anything about me.  robin: it doesn't have to be this way, terra. i was slade's apprentice once. i got out. so can you. terra: i don't need you to save me. robin: you can only save yourself. terra: i don't need saving. terra: i'm not some sad little girl who's waiting to be rescued. terra: i wanted to be this way. i wanted to go with slade. i wanted to annihilate you and your pathetic friends. terra: and now i never want to see your face again. slade: you see, my dear apprentice... ...now that you belong to me, the city belongs to us. cyborg: no more chances. starfire: no more trust. raven: and no more mercy. beast boy: she's just another criminal. robin: and we're going to stop her. robin: no matter what it takes. ) )