director ben jones storyboarder colin heck  scooter tidwell  matt youngberg writer greg klein  tom pugsley animation studio: lotto animation downloads:  download for word  download as plaintext  transcribed by: alan back jump to: act 1 | act 2 | act 3 prologue  beast boy: five more minutes... robin: aqualad. aqualad: your trash is in my ocean. opening theme act one aqualad: an undersea fortress, fifty miles off the coastbuilt by the former headmaster of the hive academy, brother blood. aqualad: i'm pretty sure you guys have already met. cyborg: yeah, we go way back. i went undercover as one of his brainwashed students, but after i destroyed his school, we kinda lost touch. aqualad: because blood moved out of your neighborhood and into mine. i tried to take him down on my own, but blood used his mental powers to jam my telepathy. with no fish to help me... beast boy: ...you got schooled. aqualad: pretty much. but i was able to contact an agent within the hive and find out what the fortress is hiding. aqualad: a massive sonic resonator, capable of creating a tidal wave big enough to wipe out your entire city. beast boy: dude. cyborg: yo. that's not just any sonic resonator... ...that's my sonic cannon. aqualad: when you hacked into the hive academy computer, the hive hacked into you. blood downloaded everything in your central schematic database. cyborg: he read my blueprints... my private blueprints... raven: and he's using your technology to attack the city. cyborg: then this is my mission. i'm taking blood down with my own two hands. cyborg: all right, listen up. while i go after him, y'all are gonnarobin: cyborg. robin: they're your blueprints, so you're the only one who can shut down the resonator. while you're doing that, we will capture blood. cyborg: no, man, come on. this is personal. just gimme a chance toaqualad: there's no time. the resonator will be fully operational by sunset. robin: okay, titans. here's what we need to do. robin: starfire and raven, i need...   raven: maybe we should pull over and ask directions. starfire: there.  blood: ah, yes. blood: the fishscented failure returns. and he's brought our old friend cyborg. blood: marvelous. i'll finally have a chance to thank him for the use of his blueprints. bumblebee. blood: release the mindcontrolled squid. cyborg: hey. that's my tech too. doesn't that dude have any ideas of his own. robin: evasive maneuvers.  robin: no.  raven: please tell me we're not where i think we are. cyborg: i wish i could. starfire: although beast boy's quick thinking has saved our lives, i believe i am...grossed out. robin: hang on.   raven: two words...breath mints. robin: okay. everybody knows their assignments. aqualad: beast boy and i need to take out the force field that protects the sonic resonator. starfire: raven, robin, and i will attempt to capture the brother blood... robin: ...providing a diversion so that cyborg can get to the resonator core and shut it down. cyborg: looks like we just had a change of plans. robin: you have your assignment. move. robin: titans. go. cyborg: spikyhead little know it all. it's my blueprints, my bad guy, and my... hm. blood: cyborg. so nice of you to drop in. blood: say, you remember bumblebee, don't you. blood: you were my two top students at hive academy. but of course... ...bumblebee wasn't a spy. act two cyborg: hey there, bee. haven't seen you sincebumblebee: since you betrayed headmaster and ruined our school. cyborg: i was gonna say "the sadie hawkins dance," but yeah. that too.  bumblebee: you're gonna pay for that. blood: bumblebee. less talking, more stinging.  cyborg: huh. cyborg: you can fly. bumblebee: we never had a class together. you don't know what i can do. bumblebee: for example... ...why do you think they call me bumblebee. cyborg: hey. yo. ow. cut it...come here, you little... cyborg: huh.   blood: yes. perfect. sting him. bumblebee: okay. we're bumblebee: show's over, sparky. blood can't see us. drop the act. cyborg: say what. bumblebee: aqualad told you there was a double agent inside the hive, right. well, you're looking at her. cyborg: say what... bumblebee: did you think you were the only spy at hive academy. i've been working brother blood for months. cyborg: and blood couldn't brainwash you because... bumblebee: there's not a man alive who can tell me what to do. cyborg: sorry, bee, not buying it. bumblebee: think about it, sparky. if i wasn't on your side... ...you'd be spare parts by now. if you're done wasting time... ...why don't we save your city. cyborg: don't call me sparky. blood: bumblebee...oh, bumblebee... well, cyborg, it seems you've destroyed my little friend. so i'll just have to destroy all of yours.   robin: i've got a fix on blood's location, but we need to move fast. starfire: yes. i am hopeful we will not encounter more hive soldiers. robin: huh. raven: you had to say something. bumblebee: why can't you just admit that you lost. cyborg: because i didn't lose. cyborg: if that fight was for real, you'd be beeswax. bumblebee: but you thought it was for real. cyborg: you don't know what i thought. cyborg, bumblebee: follow me. cyborg: the resonator core is this way. i'm the one with the hightech sensors, remember. bumblebee: and i helped build this place. cyborg: you must be so proud. bumblebee: hey. i was tracking blood before you even knew who he was. so i call the shots, got it. cyborg: no. 'cause it's my tech, my mission, and without me, you'd have no clue how to shut this thing down. bumblebee: actually, i'd just boost the wavelength in the transmission matrix, triggering a meltdown in the amplification system. cyborg: i never told anyone about that glitch. how'd youbumblebee: i lifted your blueprints from the hive mainframe, so blood can't ever use 'em again. cyborg: gimme that. bumblebee: uhuh. if you go down, i might need this to complete the mission. cyborg: please. they're not just plans. they're meeverything i am. my body, my brain, my feelingsbumblebee: relax. i only read the sonic cannon stuff... ...and a few memory files about the big crush you had on jinx. robin: cyborg. robin: we're approaching blood's control room. have you reached the resonator core. cyborg: uh, almost. robin: well, get moving. we don't have much time. bumblebee: so if this is your mission, how come he's in charge. bumblebee: huh. bumblebee: hey. get back here. open this door. beast boy: get it off, get it off, get it off, get it off. aqualad: hold still. beast boy: oh, my booty. i promise i'll never sit on you again. aqualad: come on. aqualad: we have to disable the force field so cyborg can beast boy: uhoh. robin: party's overhuh. aqualad: robin. aqualad: robin. it's aqualad. we need your help. we've walked into a trap. starfire: so have we.   cyborg: it's charging to fire. gotta work fast. cyborg: yo, robin. beast boy and aqualad blew it. the force field's still up. robin. blood: i hate to be the one to tell you this, but... ...your friends have failed. your mission has failed. and your sonic technology is about to become my greatest success. cyborg: not on my watch. blood: surf's up.   act three aqualad: can't...stop it. robin: everyone all right. raven: super, until we run out of air. cyborg: you're gonna wish you hadn't cyborg: how did you do that. blood: i read your blueprints, remember.   starfire: we are saved. robin: let's hope we can still save the others. beast boy: do i look thinner to you. aqualad: quick. we have to short out the force field. beast boy: stand back.  blood: impossible. cyborg: looks like my mission still has a shot at success. blood: now how can your mission still have a shot when you don't stand a chance. bumblebee: haiyah. cyborg, bumblebee: you/i'll take blood. i'll/you disable the core. blood: another spy. tell me, was anyone at my school actually there to learn... bumblebee: i learned plenty. cyborg: all right. now just locate the transmission matrix... ...pump up the wavelength, and... blood: no.  blood: that's two headquarters you owe me. cyborg, bumblebee: get him. robin: we need to get out of here. bumblebee: how. cyborg: the tship's toast. beast boy: hello. raven: i'd really rather just stay here and drown.  robin: our last tracking info shows our target heading east. we'll fan out and cyborg: you found brother blood. robin: dr. light found a bank vault. aqualad: looks like your city needs you. i'll go after blood. if i run into any trouble i know who to call. bumblebee: actually, if he runs into trouble, i'll be there to bail him out. bumblebee: you want to come with. after all it's your mission too. cyborg: my mission's here. bumblebee: by the way... ...i think this belongs to you...sparky. robin: cyborg. time to go. cyborg: yeah. it just might be. ) )