bunny ravenorhow to make a titananimal disappear written by louis hirshorn, joelle sellner directed by ben jones storyboard by colin heck, scooter tidwell, matt youngberg animation services by lotto animation mumbo: and for my next trick, i, the amazing mumbo shall make all your money vanish into thin air. mumbo: hocuspocus. mumbo: i just love a captive audience. robin: they may be captive now but youre the one whos getting locked up. mumbo: you forget, im an escape artist. cyborg: whoa. raven: that all youve got. mumbo: alakazam. raven: cute trick. ready to see some real magic. azarath metrion zinthos. mumbo: trying to steal the limelight, eh. then i guess ill just have to make you part of the act. mumbo: mumbojumbo. robin: raven. starfire: robin. cyborg: starfire. beast boy: dudes..   raven: super. opening theme   raven: this cant be for real. its just one of mumbos illusions. voice 1: well, well, well. anycard : look what the hat dragged in. raven: umwho are you. anycard : im anycard. you know, pick a card, anycard. raven: uhhuh. where am i. anycard : youre inside mumbos hat. raven: and im a rabbitwhy. anycard : do you always ask such stupid questions. raven: thats it. im outta here. azarath metrion zinthos. anycard : your magic wont work. mumbos the only magician in here. the rest of us are just for tricks. raven: im nobodys prop. raven: so, how do i get out.  anycard : the hand. scram. raven: if youre really so amazing, mumbo, what do you need me for. raven: im not helping you with your stupid magic tricks. beast boy: boy, i knew mumbo had a big head, but i never realized he had such a big hat. cyborg: im not sure its that big. this is the third time weve passed that theater. robin: weve got to find raven. she could be anywhere. starfire: oh, if only there were a sign. cyborg: thatll do. robin: titans. go. robin: raven. raven: robin. starfire: the mumbo has made you invisible. raven: up here. beast boy: uhwhy does that rabbit sound like raven. raven: because i am raven. starfire: oh, you look so cute. starfire: uh robin: well get you out of there.  robin: give us our friend back. cyborg: let me get this straight. cyborg: were inside mumbos hat, and ravens inside mumbos hat, inside mumbos hat... beast boy: dude. beast boy: youre making my brain hurt.  robin: the bigger they are the harder they fall. titans. get that hat. mumbo: ow.  cyborg: you may be living large, but thisll cut you down to size. cyborg: even tiny, you pack a punch. mumbo: pesky powers. i know just the trick to take care of you. beast boy: hey. what did you do with them. mumbo: tell you what im gonna do. guess which titan is under here, and ill give you your little friend back. beast boy: um, cyborgno, starfireno, robin. mumbo: youre only half right. presto changeo. robin: what the.. mumbo: hocuspocus. mumbo: alakazam. cyborg: this is not happening. beast boy: oh, yeah. well, whatcha gonna do to me. i already turn into animals. mumbo: good point. mumbo: mumbojumbo. mumbo: well, titanimals lets see you try to stop me now. on with the show.   starfire: ow. robin: sorry, star. i think i stepped on your foot. starfire: i believe it was mytail. cyborg: yo, lamp boy. turn on the light. cyborg: aw, man, i can take losing a fight, but this is just mean. cyborg: huh.. starfire: how was mumbo able to change us into animals. robin: mumbos magic must be more powerful in here. who knows what other tricks hes got up his sleeve. weve got to find raven and get out of here. cyborg: wait til i get my claws on mumbo. did i just say claws. starfire: be thankful that you do not have the fleas. cyborg: uhhello. cyborg: well, at least we finally found a way to shut him up. cut lines: cyborg: great. it will work. cyborg: where did that come from. starfire: where does it lead. robin: probably into another of mumbos tricks but its better than stumbling around in the dark. starfire: we are back where we started. cyborg: and im still wearing a tutu. robin: no idea. but right now weve got bigger things to worry about. robin: im gonna have to put you on hold. starfire: i cannot fly. and my starbolts arefurry. cyborg: at least mumbo left me with my sonic cannon. cyborg: bang.. oh, dang.  starfire: how are we to stop them. robin: we fight hand to hand. raven: azarath metrion zinthos. mumbo: psst. try abracadabra. raven: abracadabra. mumbo: that gag never gets old. here. a peace offering. raven: you pulled that out of your sleeve. mumbo: must you overanalyze everything. why cant you just sit back and enjoy the show. raven: because it isnt real. your act, this hatits all smoke and mirrors. you probably just hypnotized me into thinking im a rabbit. and when i get home, my nosell twitch every time a bell rings. mumbo: hmm. that would be an interesting trick, but no. raven: as soon as i figure out how youre creating this illusion, your powers will be gone. mumbo: knowing how the tricks work doesnt make them any less real. if you look like a rabbit and hop like a rabbit, then guess what, kid. youre really a rabbit. raven: ow. mumbo: for real. starfire: i do not like being a cat in this hat.  cyborg: were trapped in a hat, being manhandled by gloves. what next. mumbo : what next, you say. i see a future for you in showbiza bright but very short future. mumbojumbo.  mumbo: you know what they sayif you cant beat mumbo join mumbo. stage manager: two minutes to showtime, mr. aamzing. youre great. i love you. robin: were not going to be a part of your show. mumbo: oh, i think you will. what i have planned for you makes me so happy, i feel like singing. mumbo: maestro. mumbo: five, six, seven, eight. mumbo: dont bother getting up, youre in my control. no way for you to fuss and fight. ive taken all your powers, so lucky you. you will be in my show tonight. mumbo: you think you can defeat me. oh, how very droll. well, titans, one thing you should know i am the one with magic powers round here. i am the one who runs the show. mumbo: i am the master of ceremonies, reflection: so let me set you straight. mumbo: with just a wave of my magic wand, im master of your fate. sixarmed mumbo: with just some hocuspocus and sleight of hand, you all are under my command. mumbo: put them in their cages. keep them all apart. stage manager: places, everybody. the shows about to start. chorus: he is the master of ceremonies, so let him set you straight. with just a wave of his magic wand, hes master of your fate. glove: master of your fate. bighat man: master of your fate. anycard: master of your fate. mumbo: now for the greatest grand finale and the reason why youre here mumbo: tonight i will make the titans disappear. mumbo: forever.  bignose: what do you get when you cross a magician with a camera. widemouth: hocusfocus. mumbo: ladies and gentlemen. mumbos of all ages. we have a really great show for you tonight. robin: we have to stop the show before the finaleor else its curtains for us. starfire: perhaps if we work together, we can find a way to defeat him. raven: mumbos taken our powers. hes turned us into furry creatures and a lamp. how can we defeat him when hes holding all the cards. robin: powers or no powers, were still the titans. what weve gotta do is cyborg: the show is starting. mumbo: now put your hands together for borgy, the magnificent dancing cybear. cyborg: and im the opening act. voice 2: nice tutu, jerk. mumbo: care to dance. cyborg: all i care about is kicking your cyborg: yo. cut that out. starfire: we could sneak up behind the mumbo and robin: mumbos got eyes in the back of his hat. beast boys right. starfire: robin. cyborg is lowered, back in his cage and exhausted, and she gathers up beast boys output.) starfire: what happened. cyborg: he made me do a jig. starfire: that madman must be stopped.please, what is a jig. mumbo: and now for the comedy portion of our show. robin: well see whos laughing now.  robin: any ideas. cyborg: still working on it. mumbo: tada. cyborg: it cant involve driving a tank or unleashing magicianeating sharks.   robin: four acts down, one to go. we dont have much time before the finale. starfire: raven, you are the mumbos assistant. surely you must know some of his secrets. raven: he never told me anything. robin: come on, titans, think. mumbo: as you can see, there is no way out. mumbo: my assistant seems to have worried her head off.  raven: what is the point of putting me back together when youre just gonna finish me off. mumbo: oh, i need you in one piece for the finale. stage manager: people, hurry. the finales up next and were on in five. cyborg: you heard the man. five minutes til poof. robin: theres got to be something were not seeing. starfire: it all seems awfully real to me. raven: starfires right. whatever happens in here is real, even if it is a trick. raven: but that doesnt mean we cant perform an even bigger trick. raven: robin. can your tail reach those cans of paint. robin: sure. raven: beast boy. can you be a paintbrush. mumbo: thank you, thank you. youve been a great audience. and now, the moment youve all been waiting forthe grand finale. my greatest trick ever. mumbo: i present to you, for the last time anywhere the teen titans. mumbo: ii dont understand. mumbo: they were just here a second ago. raven: alakazam. cyborg: all right. im backwith a vengeance. beast boy: yes. you have no bananas. bignose: that was the greatest trick ever. widemouth: hey, it was old hat. raven: were gonna make sure you dont have any encore performances. mumbo: butbutmy magic. how did you escape. raven: i had a better trick up my sleeve. mumbo: i gotta know. come on, kid, just between us. tell me what you did. raven: a magician never reveals her secrets. ) )