prologue blood: steel city. bitter cold, stinging winds, and... ...the pungent smell of decay. my kind of town. blood: don't you just love it. blood: ever since my schools were regrettably destroyed, i've been seeking a new home sweet home for my precious hive academy. and here we arewhich, mr. steamroller, is where you come in. blood: after all, what good is a school without students. blood: you're going to help me recruit a new class starting with a former student of mine. the one who destroyed my academy. blood: the one that got away. cyborg: when there's trouble, you know what to docall cyborg. he can shoot a rocket from his shoe'cause he's cyborg. cyborg: doodadooda, something like that, oh yeah. nananana, big fluffy cat, that's right. opening theme act three   blood: you can't defeat the headmaster, cyborg. when are you going to learn. cyborg: never. guess that makes you a lousy teacher. blood: or perhaps i just need to give you a crash course. ms, menos: ay. apestoso.  starfire: i am hopeful when this is over, we may still be friends.  robin: we can help you, aqualad. you don't have to serve brother blood. aqualad: headmaster. blood: fear not, my student. help is on its way. raven: really wishing cyborg were here. blood: feeling a little exposed, are we. blood: now, cyborg, don't fall to pieces. i have defeated you but at least you won't be alone. say hello to your classmates. robin: cyborg... cyborg: no. blood: you should have accepted my first offer, cyborg. i would have made a man out of you. i still could, you know. cyborg: you can take your offer and blow it out yourblood: insolent child. blood: where is it, cyborg. i've combed through your blueprints, peeled back your armor, stripped off your machinerybut still you defy me. where in this vile contraption is the part that allows you to resist... cyborg: it's not in the circuitry, is it. it's not the machine that resists you... cyborg: ...it's me. my spirit. cyborg: that's the part you can't break. cyborg: i don't need you to make me a man. i already am one.  blood: nooooooooo.. cyborg: booyah. aqualad: we're free. beast boy: so...are you, like, magic now. cyborg: pretty sure that was a onetime deal. blood was trying so hard to hack into my brain, i guess i sorta hacked into his. bumblebee: thanks for everything. blood's in jail, and we'll be sticking around to make sure he stays there. aqualad: besides, i have a feeling he wasn't the only criminal in steel city. robin: well, i guess this is it. cyborg: it is...for me. thanks for the offer, team but i already have a home. and you already have a leader. you just need to listen to her. robin: so, what changed your mind. cyborg: i always thought i was missing something. something i needed to become a man. my own team, my own mission, my own skin. so blood did manage to teach me one lesson. cyborg: i'm not missing a thing. beast boy: dudes, dudettes...road trip. cyborg: need a lift. november 22, 2011 at 8:04 pm flag quote & reply gb posts: 376  act one robin: robin calling cyborg. robin: robin calling cyborg. cyborg: what's up. starfire: oh, hello, friend who i am missing already. the sight of you makes my eyes sore. beast boy: yeah. it's been totally lame here without you. raven stinks at video games. it's like she isn't even trying. raven: just because you glued the controller to my hands doesn't mean i want to play. robin: so, how goes the crosscountry trip. cyborg: just dandy. it's, like, eighty below, the hail's messing up my paint job, and why did i volunteer for this... beast boy: 'cause after brother blood stole your blueprints and used them to attack us, aqualad and bumblebee tracked him to steel city. so now they're starting up the titans east to take him down, and you're headed out there to help the new team set up their new tower. robin: the titans east need your technical knowhow. cyborg: yeah. and maybe if i stick around long enough, i'll get another chance to bring down blood... cyborg: ...personally. robin: and even if you don't, a little time away from home might do you good. starfire: agreed. you have been somewhat lobstery lately. raven: i think she means "crabby." beast boy: besides, somebody's gotta show these copycats what being a titan is all about. cyborg: maybe they already know.  cyborg: uh...hello. place looked better on the outsidebut nothing a little elbow grease can't fix. cyborg: make that a truckload of elbow grease. aqualad: fish tacos... what were you thinking. aqualad: i'm from the ocean. these were probably friends of mine. speedy: you said "get lunch," i got lunch. chow down.   ms: tacos de pescado.  menos: delicioso.  bumblebee: all right. the sensor grid's up on level four, and bumblebee: well, don't you fellas look comfy. come on, guys. this tower's isn't gonna build itself. and that's a supercomputer, not a footstool. speedy: thanks, mom. aqualad: can't work...tacos. november 22, 2011 at 8:04 pm flag quote & reply gb posts: 376 ms, menos: quieres.  aqualad: oh, man... speedy: so who died and made you queen, anyhow. bumblebee: well, maybe you could call the shots if you spent more time working and less time messing with your hairdo. ms, menos: mrame.  ms, menos: soy pelo grande. a la orilla cede y adora mo pelo hermoso.  speedy: you're lucky i can't understand that, you little bumblebee: hey, leave 'em alone. speedy: don't tell me what to do. aqualad: if you're going to eat my friends, at least have the decency to get rid of the evidence. aqualad: cyborg. thanks for coming. say hello to the... aqualad: ...titans east. aqualad: meet ms and menos. ms, menos: hola. somos gemelos. nacimos con siete veces la habilidad de ser ms rpido que el sonido, pero slo somos poderosos cuando nuestros cuerpos se rozan as.  ms, menos: ms y menos. s podemos.  menos: fuimos a guatemala.  aqualad: they go really fast, but only when they're touching. and they only speak spanish. cyborg: hola. mi amigos, soy nombre el cyborgo.  aqualad: and, of course, you already know speedy and bumblebee. bumblebee: hey, sparky. welcome aboard the happy train. we're having loads of fun. aqualad: rough day. cyborg: then let's smooth it out. what say i get to work. computer: security system online. cyborg: ha. ms, menos: muy bien, seor cyborg.    cyborg: aw, man. speedy: look what you made me do. ms: qu pasa...  menos: ...supermacho.  aqualad: watch it. you almost hit me. bumblebee: hey. cool it. cyborg: enough.. the problem isn't your tower. it's your team. cyborg: trouble. bumblebee: 'least something around here works.  bumblebee: congratulations. you're the first lowlife to get busted by the titans east. ms, menos: aqu. aqu. aqu.  bumblebee: huh.   cyborg: get off my back. ms, menos: esto es ridculo. parecemos aficionados. somos seis contra uno, tenemos que ganar. pero ella est en nuestro camino ms, menos: y estos dos se estn disparando, y este viejo no est jodiendo. speedy: what they said. november 22, 2011 at 8:05 pm flag quote & reply gb posts: 376  bumblebee: hate to say it, but sparky was right. we're not working like a team. cyborg: we are now. follow my lead. titans. together. speedy. bee. push him back. cyborg: double m. heat him up. ms, menos: ms y menos. s podemos. cyborg: aqualad. cool him down. cyborg: booyah. blood: well done, steamroller. blood: cyborg has no idea i've just downloaded the encryption keys to their toweror should i say... ...the keys to my new school. come along, boys. we've got students to recruit. november 22, 2011 at 8:05 pm flag quote & reply gb posts: 376 act two     ms, menos: haha. bumblebee: well, how about that. we actually finished. speedy: place doesn't look half bad. ms: est loco.  menos: se ve fantstico.  aqualad: we couldn't have done it without you. thanks. cyborg: oh. almost forgot. bumblebee: disco lights. cyborg: robin never would let me install 'em in our tower. well, what are y'all waiting for. it's party time. speedy: in that case, i'm making ribs. ms, menos: seor cyborg. seor cyborg. gamestation 2. cyborg: now you're talking. whoo. cyborg: heads up, boys, 'cause y'all are going huh. ms, menos: goooooollllll.. cyborg: hey, robin. cyborg: it's going great. new tower's up, we took our first bad guy down, and we're all set to start looking for brother blood. robin: good. then you can head home. cyborg: but robin: they'll have to find blood without you, cyborg. robin: professor chang has escaped from prison. i need you here. robin out. menos: seor cyborg. menos: no se vaya. no se vaya.  cyborg: wish i could hang, guys. but they need me back home. speedy: we need you here too. aqualad: we took a vote, and...we'd like you to stayas the leader of titans east. cyborg: leader. me. seriously. bumblebee: well, don't get all misty. do you want the job or not. cyborg: i, uh, don't know what to cyborg: security's down. we're locked in. must be a glitch in the encryption keys. bumblebee: i'm thinking this is more than a glitch. cyborg: titans. go. cyborg: huh. aqualad: ow. who are these guys. bumblebee: one way to find out.  aqualad: whoa. speedy: they're...you. cyborg: no, they're not. cyborg: titans. move. cyborg: all right. we have to get to ops and change the encryption keysreset the security system. aqualad, bumblebee, speedy: follow me. aqualad: um, i thought ops was that way. bumblebee: well, one of us must be right. split up. ms, menos: no. speedy: there's too many. we can't win. cyborg: yes, we can. we'll get through this if we just stick together as a cyborg: team. november 22, 2011 at 8:05 pm flag quote & reply gb posts: 376    ms, menos: tamales verdes.   cyborg: sorry, fellas but you're nothing compared to the original. blood: i couldn't agree more. blood: my old student cyborg. welcome to the new hive academy. you do owe me a headquarters, remember. cyborg: the only thing i owe you is a case of canned buttwhoop. blood: school is in session. and here's lesson number one. no one defies brother blood.. november 22, 2011 at 8:05 pm flag quote & reply gb posts: 376 act three blood: well, i can tell someone hasn't studied since our last little pop quiz. cyborg: how'd you build those secondrate tin men. you stole my blueprints, but we stole 'em back. blood: did you think someone with my mental abilities wouldn't have a photographic memory. your secrets are all right here. blood: and just wait 'til you see what i really have in mind for you. aqualad: something tells me you guys can't swim. aqualad: huh.  speedy: come on. is that the best you can do. you rustbuckets haven't laid a hand on me yet. speedy: first time for everything. ms, menos: oooooh. menos: ms. ms: menos. bumblebee: the real cyborg couldn't take me... ...so you knockoffs don't stand a chance. bumblebee: hey. bumblebee: let me go. blood: that's what i like about you, cyborg. you're full of surprises. blood: and you are a curiosity. blood: oh, i've dealt with discipline problems before. a few others, like your friend bumblebee, have managed to slip free from my hypnotic control. blood: but you, cyborg... blood: ...you are the only one who has ever been able to resist me and i don't like it. what in all that circuitry allows you to defy me. come on, cyborg. what makes you tick. cyborg: a fiftythousandwatt power cell. computer: encryption keys randomized. security system reset. intruder alert. intruder alert.  cyborg: and stay out. menos: est vivo.  ms: no s. tquelo con un palo.  november 22, 2011 at 8:06 pm flag quote & reply gb posts: 376 ms: seor cyborg. menos: buenos das.  cyborg: blood's gone. and you're all okay. speedy: had a few close calls, but everything worked out all right. cyborg: i guess our little team weathered its first attack. bumblebee: only because we had such a good leader. ms: malas noticias.  menos: su esfera discoteca no vivi.  cyborg: just when we finally got the place looking decent. aqualad: well, i know you haven't had much time to think about our offer, butcyborg: yeah. look, i robin: cyborg. what are you still doing there. i told you, we want you back home. cyborg: robin, i am home. i've decided to stay on permanently, as leader of titans east. robin: butcyborg...we need you. cyborg: sorry, man. they need me more. cyborg: y'all better get some rest. combat practice starts at ohsixhundred sharp. {military time6: 00 am. he strides out through the side door. after he has gone, aqualad pulls out a communicator and switches it on. however, its angular contour marks it not as the one he received from robin two seasons ago, but as hive standard issue.) aqualad: objective achieved, headmaster. he suspects nothing. blood: excellent, my students. excellent. ) )