cyborg: sorry, man. they need me more. robin: i didn't say that. cyborg: you didn't have to. man this suppose to be a good thing, my own tower, my own team. why can't you be happy for me. robin: because you're already on a team, my team and you can't quit. cyborg: i can and i did which means i don't have to put up with you telling me what to do anymore. robin: so now this is my fault. cyborg: it's not about you. robin: no, it's all about you because that's all you care about. you think you're a man, but if you're gonna turn your back on us after everything we've benn through, you're nothing but a spoiled child. cyborg: i'm...staying. i don't care what you say, i don't care what you do, and now i don't care if i ever see you again.  cyborg: you can take your offer and blow it out your... brother blood: insolent child... prologue robin: and you're sure there's nothing i can say to change your mind. cyborg: no, man. i'm staying in steel city as leader of the titans east. that's it, end of discussion. robin: well, could you at least tell me why. i mean, i'm losing a member of my team here. robin: and it's not like i can read your thoughts. cyborg: they need me. and this is my big chance. i'm ready to show people what i can do. i'm ready to grow upto be a man. robin: and what about brother blood. cyborg: what about him. robin: i know how badly you want to catch him. and i know a thing or two about being obsessed with your target. look, i just worry about what you're getting yourself into. cyborg: you think i can't handle it. robin: i didn't say that. cyborg: you didn't have to. man, this is supposed to be a good thing. my own tower. my own team. why can't you just be happy for me. robin: because you're already on a team. my team. and you can't just quit. cyborg: i can, and i did. which means i don't have to put up with you telling me what to do anymore. robin: so now this is my fault. cyborg: it's not about you. robin: no. it's all about you. because that's all you care about. you talk about being a man, but if you can turn your back on us after everything we've been through, you're nothing but a spoiled child. cyborg: i'm staying. i don't care what you say, i don't care what you do. and right now, i don't care if i ever see you again. aqualad: he's broken contact with the titans, headmaster. we will proceed on your command. blood: wonderful, my students. brother blood is very happy. blood: continue the charade. cyborg mustn't suspect that i've recruited you until i'm finally ready to recruit him. and i should be ready in a matter of hours. blood: isn't that right... blood: ...professor chang. opening theme november 22, 2011 at 8:03 pm flag quote & reply gb posts: 376 act one beast boy: so...he's coming back, right. i mean, he's quit before, but he always beast boy: dude. starfire: then who will shout the "booyah" when we are victorious in battle. raven: who's gonna laugh when i make fun of beast boy. beast boy: yeah. beast boy: and who's gonna beat me at video games and fall for my practical jokes and shoot spitballs at the back of my head and watch dumb movies with me and barf when i feed him tofu.  robin: this isn't about us. beast boy: huh. robin: it's a good opportunity. we have to let him go robin: no matter how much we're going to miss him. starfire: but, robin, if we are not there, who will make sure that he is...safe. robin: cyborg's old enough to take care of himself. cyborg: yo, speedy. cyborg: get your butt over here. after the way i've been working y'all in combat practice i figured my team could use a good meal. so say hello to homemade spaghetti with chef cyborg's patented triplemeat sauce. aqualad: whoa, cyborg. that smells incredible. ms: carne con carne con carne.  menos: no puedo creerlo.  bumblebee: mmmmmm. what did we do to deserve this. cyborg: just my way of saying, "thanks for making me boss." speedy: you're welcome. cyborg: hey, man, what is your bumblebee: sorry, sparkyaqualad: but you're not actually the boss around here. cyborg: brother blood. he never left the tower. he brainwashed all of you. speedy: the headmaster is teaching us, and soon he'll be teaching you.   cyborg: come on, bumblebee, shake it off. i'm on your side, remember. cyborg: wake up and smell the mind control, man. i'm your friend. aqualad: i don't care.  cyborg: cyborg calling robin. cyborg calling robin. mayday. i need yaqualad: your signal is being jammed. ms: buenas noches...  menos: ...seor cyborg.   cyborg: huh. cyborg: let me go. cyborg: come on, team, snap out of it. can't you see what's going on. blood is messing with your minds. he's not teaching you. he's forcing you to be criminals, just like him. blood: not exactly. blood: you see, cyborg, i don't want them to be like me. blood: i want them to be like you. november 22, 2011 at 8:03 pm flag quote & reply gb posts: 376 act two cyborg: what have you done to yourself. blood: now, cyborg, don't tell me you're disgusted by the very technology that keeps you alive. or are you just jealous that it looks better on me. cyborg: you look like a psychopath. what is my tech doing in your head. blood: i believe it was socrates who said, "if you can't beat 'em..." "...join 'em." blood: thanks to you, cyborg, i've entered the digital age. with your nifty cybernetic implants enhancing my mental powers i'll be able to control thousands of students... ...once they've been upgraded with the proper hardware, of course. cyborg: no. i won't let you. i won't let you do this to anyone else. blood: you'll not only let me, you're going to help. there's no room in my school for a discipline problem, cyborg. and that's what you are. something in your circuitry allows you to resist me. and before i can proceed, i must know what. cyborg: i'm not telling you anything. blood: oh, you don't need to tell me. i'm just going to take you apart and see what makes you tick. blood: students, you may begin. cyborg: okay, team...um... now would be a great time to just stop obeying blood and remember i'm your leader. blood: the titans. robin: i'll be honest, blood. you don't look so good. beast boy: yeah. does that stuff get cable, or did a blood: silence.. blood: if i can't disassemble you... ...i'll just have to experiment on your new friends. pity. trial and error is such a messy process. starfire: you are okay. cyborg: i'm not hurt, but i'm a long way from okay. what are you guys doing here. robin: an old friend called for help. cyborg: i thought they jammed my transmission. robin: the signal was pretty garbled, but we got the message. raven: and it looks like we got here just in time. cyborg: some leader i turned out to be. been in charge less than a week, and i've already lost my entire team. robin: no, you haven't. not yet. there's still time to save them. cyborg: so what's the plan. robin: you tell me. if anyone's going to know how to stop blood, it's you. this is your enemy, your technology, your mission. the team is yours to lead. cyborg: all right. well, i guess we need to head out andbeast boy: um, dude. we're kinda locked in. cyborg: not for long. i put this place together i can tear it apart. raven: so when they made you, i guess they didn't break the mold. cyborg: okay. i've never told anybody this, but my electronic eye can't see in low ultraviolet. if these things have my eyes a simple blue shift should make us invisible. beast boy: you sure this is gonna work. 'cause i can still see me.   blood: oh, it's a very exciting time. true, not all of you will survive the experimental phase. blood: and those who develop resistance, like cyborg, will be deactivated and studied. but once the process is perfected my upgraded students will not only be unstoppable... blood: ...they'll be utterly incapable of breaking free from my control... ...ever again. bumblebee: no. bumblebee: no. this is...wrong. blood: i'm sorry. what was that, dearie. bumblebee: nothing, headmaster. please proceed. cyborg: or maybe you should quit while you're ahead. blood: students, attack. cyborg: go easy on 'em. they're still my friends. cyborg: titans. go.   cyborg: robin. now. cyborg: starfire. the bow.  cyborg: raven. split 'em up. cyborg: yo, bb.  robin: cyborg. november 22, 2011 at 8:03 pm flag quote & reply gb posts: 376 act three   blood: you can't defeat the headmaster, cyborg. when are you going to learn. cyborg: never. guess that makes you a lousy teacher. blood: or perhaps i just need to give you a crash course. ms, menos: ay. apestoso.  starfire: i am hopeful when this is over, we may still be friends.  robin: we can help you, aqualad. you don't have to serve brother blood. aqualad: headmaster. blood: fear not, my student. help is on its way. raven: really wishing cyborg were here. blood: feeling a little exposed, are we. blood: now, cyborg, don't fall to pieces. i have defeated you but at least you won't be alone. say hello to your classmates. robin: cyborg... cyborg: no. blood: you should have accepted my first offer, cyborg. i would have made a man out of you. i still could, you know. cyborg: you can take your offer and blow it out yourblood: insolent child. blood: where is it, cyborg. i've combed through your blueprints, peeled back your armor, stripped off your machinerybut still you defy me. where in this vile contraption is the part that allows you to resist... cyborg: it's not in the circuitry, is it. it's not the machine that resists you... cyborg: ...it's me. my spirit. cyborg: that's the part you can't break. cyborg: i don't need you to make me a man. i already am one.  blood: nooooooooo.. cyborg: booyah. aqualad: we're free. beast boy: so...are you, like, magic now. cyborg: pretty sure that was a onetime deal. blood was trying so hard to hack into my brain, i guess i sorta hacked into his. bumblebee: thanks for everything. blood's in jail, and we'll be sticking around to make sure he stays there. aqualad: besides, i have a feeling he wasn't the only criminal in steel city. robin: well, i guess this is it. cyborg: it is...for me. thanks for the offer, team but i already have a home. and you already have a leader. you just need to listen to her. robin: so, what changed your mind. cyborg: i always thought i was missing something. something i needed to become a man. my own team, my own mission, my own skin. so blood did manage to teach me one lesson. cyborg: i'm not missing a thing. beast boy: dudes, dudettes...road trip. cyborg: need a lift. ) )