prologue   robin: titans. now. cyborg: mooyah. cyborg: it's getting awaaaaayyyyy. beast boy: cyborg. opening theme november 22, 2011 at 8:38 pm flag quote & reply gb posts: 376 act one cyborg: is that all you got. robin: cyborg, we're closing in. hang on. cyborg: that's what i'm trying to do. beast boy: how come i'm the only one who actually has to run. cyborg: time to see what you got under the hood. cyborg: whoa. robin: cyborg. where did it go. cyborg: i don't know. it just disappeared. robin: this is the third time this week it's gotten away. cyborg: well, at least there's some good news. beast boy: you've finally decided to let me drive the tcar. cyborg: no. i found a new place for breakfast. robin: mega meaty meat. i've never heard of this place before. raven: sounds healthy. cyborg: come on, guys. what better way to end an allnight stakeout than with a nice juicy steak. beast boy: hello. does the word "i'm a vegetarian" mean anything to you. there is no way you could ever get me inside a place like that. robin: besides, we should get back to the tower and start tracking that ship. cyborg: meattastic. beast boy: i think i'm in love. beast boy: isn't she amazing. starfire: uh, you are aware this "she" you feel affection for is merely a land vehicle. beast boy: this is no ordinary land vehicle, starfire. you're looking at the tidwell 3000. beast boy: the sweetest moped ever built. you know, if i had one of these babieshey. why don't i have one of these babies. robin: we've got to figure out why these things keep attacking farms. beast boy: robin, you know how sometimes in a chase, it's hard for me to keep up. robin: uh, honestly, i've never really noticed. beast boy: well, i've found the solution. beast boy: you've seen the tcar, and the tship, and we all think the rcycle and your new glider thingie are way cool. beast boy: but now it's time to introduce the newest titan vehicle. ladies and gentlemen, dudes and dudettes, i give you... ...the bped. robin: beast boy, you don't need a moped. robin: you can fly. beast boy: yeah, but my arms get tired. beast boy: okay, then, me and cyborg will just have to build one. beast boy: come on, cyborg. i'll even let you design the rocket launcher. cyborg: sorry, bb, gotta fix up the cycow. we might need to go back undercover. beast boy: i'm telling you, it's a conspiracy. robin says no, cyborg says no, how am i supposed to get a moped if everyone keeps shutting me down. raven: well, you could always just get a job and buy one. beast boy: oh. beast boy: so let me get this straight. all i have to do is play video games all day long, and you'll pay me. with money. observer: that's correct. we need regular kids like you to betatest our ultraexperimental gamestation turbo extreme. beast boy: it's so shiny. observer: yes, it is very shiny. but remember, this is our only prototype, so pleasebe careful. beast boy: no problem. i deal with hightech stuff all the time. beast boy: "help wanted." sweet. beast boy: not sweet. beast boy: are you tired of vacuums that just don't...do the job. beast boy: well, look no further, sir or madam. the hoseatron x9 and its stateoftheart cyclotronic action is guaranteed to make the housework a breeze. with one flip of the switch, see how easily it cleans up this bag of dirt i got from your yard. beast boy: seriously, not sweet. girl: i want a monkey. beast boy: right. monkey. i can do that.  girl: that's not a monkey. you stink. beast boy: wait. monkey. look.  mascot: it's meattastic. beast boy: okay, bad idea. bob: hey there, jimmy. i see you found our sign. do you like meat. beast boy: it's beast boy, actually, and i'm a vegetarian. so i really shouldn't be here. bob: that's super, ricky. say, do you like mopeds. bob: because we're giving away one of these spiffy land vehicles to our employee person of the month. beast boy: when can i start. bob: welcome to mega meaty meat, lenny. beast boy: no, it's jimmy...iii mean, beast boy. uh, maybe i could just have a name tag. bob: you can call me bob. beast boy: okay. bob: i like you, danny. i'll be in the back. november 22, 2011 at 8:38 pm flag quote & reply gb posts: 376 beast boy: there's one place i definitely won't be going. hey, wait. aaren't you supposed to train me or something. hello. bob. beast boy: can i, um, uh, take your order. fat customer: gimme the number one. beast boy: right. number one. coming up. any minute now. beast boy: uh...does this look like a number one to you.  bob: everything is going according to plan, supreme creator. voice of creator: and the humans. bob: they suspect nothing. act two cyborg: let's see. i'll have eight number threes, five number twos, two number ones... ...and a diet soda. beast boy: actually, we don't have soda, only meat. cyborg: okay. then make it a cup of meat juice. starfire: please. specifically what variety of meat is it that you serve. beast boy: um...bob says that's a trade secret. raven: are you the only one who works here. beast boy: bob says that's a trade secret too. robin: so where is this bob, anyway. beast boy: in the back. robin: yeah. i'm glad you found a way to make some extra money, beast boy but don't you think this place seems a little...weird. beast boy: dude, they have fries made out of meat. yes, this place is weird, and i hate it. but i'm not leaving 'til i earn that moped. raven: okay. i can't eat until that thing stops looking at me. mascot: it's meattastic. cyborg: mmmm. this really is meattastic. robin: trouble. the ufo is back. beast boy: let's go. raven: uh, won't you get fired. cyborg: it's cool, bb. we'll handle it. robin: okay, titans. just like we planned. go.   cyborg: okay. whatever you are, come out with your hands or tentacles up....huh. raven: so...we're being invaded by cows. starfire: use caution, please. the cow people of garlon prime are most formidable. cyborg: no. this is just a plain old earth cow. cyborg: and it's not the pilot. it's the power supply. robin: but if the cow's not controlling the ship, who is. cyborg: i guess we're gonna find out the hard way. beast boy: okay, uh...that's three number ones and a number two...no, you said you wanted a number three. skinny customer: could i please have some nuggets. beast boy: for the last time, we don't have nuggets. uh, bob. any chance you want to help me out here. bob: that's great, billy. i'll be in the back. beast boy: but...no. beast boy: uh, you'll have to wait your turn. i'm going as fast as i can. beast boy: uh, bob. we need some eatmay for the ustomercays. uh, hello. anyone. i have a little problem out here. fat customer: i want my meaty meat. beast boy: um, i'll be in the back. beast boy: it's for the moped, it's for the moped, it's for the moped, it's for the moped... beast boy: huh. beast boy: hey, this isn't a restaurant, it's a...it's a...what is this place. voice of creator: it is the mother ship, green human worker. beast boy: so this is where all the ufos are coming from. why are you here. and what are you doing to all these cows. voice of creator: in exchange for providing us power for our technology voice of creator: we have replaced them in your food chain with a nutritious, meatfree substitute. beast boy: wait. you mean meaty meat is actually tofu. voice of creator: not tofu. newfu. tofu comes from your planet's soybeans. newfu comes from me. source: i am the source. beast boy: okay. gross. bob: no, tommy, it's delicious. and you really shouldn't be in the back. november 22, 2011 at 8:38 pm flag quote & reply gb posts: 376 act three beast boy: bob. oh, man, i'm so gonna get fired. source: no matter. there are plenty more where he came from. bob: hey. nice shot there, randy. beast boy: so let me get this straight. you've come from outer space to steal our cows and replace them with newfu. source: yes, green human. and when we leave, we will blow up your planet. beast boy: what.. why. what have we ever done to you. source: it is our way. we are newfu. bobs: say goodbye, tammy. beast boy: dude, that's a girl name. beast boy: you won't get away with this. source: oh, but we will. my collector ships are dealing with your friends. your magnificent cows are mine, this ship is fueled, and once we leave orbit... bob: kaboom.  source: what are you doing. beast boy: i'm guessing your ship won't leave without you.  beast boy: yeeha. this is so cool. source: foolish human. i've created enough newfu for an army of the bobs. you will never get away. your city is doomed. your planet is doomed. bob: hiya, donny. say, be a sport and hand over our supreme creator, would you. bobs: all we want is the source, andyand your cows. beast boy: not gonna happen. source: insolent human. your futile charge will end in defeat. beast boy: oh, yeah. you forget, we're riding on a tidwell 3000. and it has turbo. source: you will suffer for your impudence, green human. i am the source. fared across three galaxies. destroyer of beast boy: okay. think, beast boy, think. beast boy: i've got questions, and you better give me answers. how do i free the cows, stop the bobs, and shut down the destructotron. source: foolish green human. i will never tell. and when my ship fails to launch as planned, it will detonate automatically. source: submit to my greatness, and i might just spare your patheticuh... source: ...whatwhat is this. beast boy: lunch. and i just happen to be in the mood for a nutritious meatfree substitute. source: really. y...you're just trying to scare me. beast boy: am i. say hello to my good friend, barbecue sauce. source: stop.. the secret is water. newfu reverts to its normal state in the presence of water. please don't eat me. beast boy: that's more like it. now let's talk cows. bob: well, hey there, benji. ready to face utter destruction. beast boy: no. are you. bob: ooh. that sure is wet. beast boy: you know something, bob. you're a lousy manager. beast boy: all right, bped. time to save the earth. beast boy: uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh... beast boy: maybe this can wait.  beast boy: okay. you can do this. beast boy: although there are a few more cows to save... beast boy: okay. piece of cake, beast boy. you deal with hightech stuff all the time.  beast boy: huh. robin: can this day get any weirder. november 22, 2011 at 8:39 pm flag quote & reply gb posts: 376 raven: i'd say it just did. cyborg: that's a whole lotta cows. ooh, time to eat. robin: beast boy. what's going on. beast boy: dude. so it turns out that meaty meat is really space tofu that came here to steal cows and destroy the earth. but i kidnapped the alien leader, turned all the bobs back into goo, and shut down the destructotron before the world could explode.   beast boy: and i did it all thanks to my awesome new moped. robin: so, what happened to the alien leader. beast boy: uhhh...oh, he's in the fridge. cyborg: what. ) )