 side effects may include nextday drowsiness, dizziness, and headache.  in patients with depression, worsening of depression, including risk of suicide may occur.  if you experience any of these behaviors or reactions contact your doctor immediately.  wake up ready for your day.  ask your healthcare provider for 2layer ambien cr.  chair you need.  in fact, if we prequalify you for medicare reimbursement and medicare denies your claim, we'll give you your new power chair or scooter free.  i didn't pay a penny out of pocket for my power chair.  with help from the scooter store, medicare and my insurance covered it all.  call the scooter store for free information today.  call the number on your screenfor free information.   not quite right.  and just what is wrong with our spaghetti sauce.  too much oregano.  that's impossible.  i put in the exact amount the recipe called for.  i did the same thing you did.  that's the old saying: it's too many cooks spoil the sauce.  well, we're willing to turn in our aprons whenever your highness is ready to take over right, alice.  yes, i'll make you a lifetime gift of my ladle.  anytime, anytime, except now, i'm busy.  see, he's all talk, alice.  can't even boil water without burning it.  i happen to have been a pretty fair cook in my bachelor days.  sure, then your can opener broke and you had to get married to keep from starving.  for your information i could create a souffle that would leave you begging for more.  more what, mr. bradybicarbonate.  yeah, well, i could, i could.  we acceptwhenever you're ready ..  just holler.  that's a deal.  hey, honey, how was ballet class.  awful.  i wonder what happened.  hi, mom.  hi, what happened to jan at ballet class.  you tell them.  you're better at breaking bad news than i am.  thanks a lot.  cindy and i and some other girls were chosen for the recital.  jan wasn't.  she sank right in the middle ofswan lake.  she really tries hard.  it's just that her feet always won't do what she wants them to.  not everybody's a ballerina.  maybe she'll improve after some more lessons.  she can't.  miss clairette said she quit the class.  quit.  wow, she's really taking this hard, mrs.  brady.  jan.  marcia and cindy toldme about the recital.  i'm really sorry, honey.  they also told me you quit yourballet class.  mom, i'm aboutas graceful in ballet slippers as an elephant isin ice skates.  oh, jan, you can'tbe all that bad.  i am.  i'm the stumblefootof the century.  and i reallywanted to dance.  well, honey,maybe ballet just isn't your thing.  sure, but whatismy thing.  well, there areother kinds of dancing, you know.  miss clairette's schoolteaches tap, jazz, folk.  yeah, that's true.  well, you'll neverknow unless you try.  think about it.  it took me three days to get prepared for this.  what's it called.  souffle aux trois fromages.  oohlala.  please, a little less breathing until i get this into the oven.  ..  hey, everybody.  get a load of this.  : so i hear.  that's why i've been coming home late these past few days.  i wanted to surprise you.  i'll bet the kitchen floor is, too.  look what i learned.  hey, hey.  i'm sorry, dad.  was tap dancing your idea.  i guess so.  i suggested that she try another kind of dancing to cheer her up.  what about the old soft shoe.  okay, you ready to record.  yeah.  okay, go.    guess who.  the blonde woodpecker.  jan.  i'm trying to learn a routine.  now look what she's done.  maybe we can glue it back together.  that's not the problem.  what do we do about us coming unglued.  that was a delicious breakfast, ladies.  thank you, mr. brady.  no suggestions on how to make it better from the superchef.  i think he's backing away from his offer, mrs. brady.  mmm, i've already made a souffle, haven't i.  ah, you almost made a souffle.  okay, i'll tell you what i'm going to do, you wise guys.  come saturday, i am going to prepare not just a simple dish but an entire gourmet dinner.  consisting of what, mr. brady.  none of your business.  but honey, we have to know what the ingredients are when they ask us at the hospital.   bobby: dad.  ask your mother.  i've got to go to work.  mom, will you do something about jan.  i'm beginning to hear tap in my sleep.  we'll talk about it later, okay.  have a good day, byebye.  good morning.  mom, you've got to do something about jan.  she's really bugging us.  talk about noise pollution.  aw, be patient with her, kids.  after a few more lessons she'll get better.  i saw a bear on tv do a better tap dance.  mom, jan really has no talent for tap dance.  ..  no, i guess i don't.  i'm sorry, jan.  i didn't mean to hurt your feelings.  that's okay, you're right.  i have no talent for tap dancing.  in fact, i have no talent for anything at all.  now, jan, that isnottrue.  yes, it is.  you look great, jan.  better than when i was a drum majorette.  and you know, being a drum majorette has lots of fringe benefits.  like what.  well, like a band full of boys.  oh, i hope i can do this.  if i can, anybody can.  it's a cinch.  that was a good idea marcia had.  jan looks so cute in the hat.  well, here, let me show you.  okay.  now, you hold it right about there.  get it going.  now, at first, you hold your wrist like this so you can get used to the twirling motion, see.  think you got it.  yeah, i think so.  okay, now try it.  hold it right.  good.  hey, you're getting the hang of it.  great.  faster.  come on.  faster.  now toss it.   lucky we saw that coming.  .  i'm strictly a notalent.  i'll never be good at anything.  never.  my congestion is so bad right now i really am lookingforward to getting relief.  i've never used afrin before.  relief.  oh, it's like night and day.  can i keep this.  afrin. why suffer.  uhuhuh.  i'm ashamed of myself, greg ..  unless i think it'll help.   anybody for hot chocolate.  oh, great, alice.  hey, how'd the ballet recital go.  marcia and cindy were terrific.  they were the best in the class.  mom, dad, don't be so unbiased.  everything okay at home.  jan hasn't left her room all night.  i tried to talk to her, but on a scale from one to ten she figures herself at about minus three.  jan's a big girl now.  she's going to have to learn to face this.  well, you two girls get to bed soon.  goodnight, alice and greg.  mike: goodnight, all.  poor jan.  she must be the most miserable member of this whole human race.  and that's a race you can't quit.  and it's the only race in town.  problem is she's lost all her selfconfidence.  and the question is, how does she get it back.  simpleall she has to be is good at something instead of bad.  someday there'll be a pill we can take for instant good.  wait a minute, there is a way she can be instant good.  it just might work.  it's worth a try.  okay by me.  okay by me, too and i don't know what you're talking about.  okay, now make it sound legitimate so jan doesn't get suspicious.  right.  boy, it'll be the first time i've ever thrown a pingpong game.  here she comes.  greg, we just don't have time to play pingpong.  but i need the practice.  i'm sorry.  you'll have to find somebody else.  jan, how would you like to do me a really big favor.  what.  i'm entering this pingpong contest and i need practice.  you want to practice with me.  i can't practice by myself.  but i'm not very good.  oh, hey, don't worry about it.  listen, you'd be doing me a really big favor, thanks.  ready.  yeah.  good shot.  what kind of a spin did you put on the ball.  one for me.  you serve again.  you did it againare you sure you haven't been practicing on the side.  no, honest.  you're better than you think.  2017game point.  yeah.  that's it. i won.  i actually beat you.  i won.  look, do me another favor, huh.  don't tell peter and bobby.  i'd never live it down.  sure, i'll protect you.  thanks, jan, good game.  and i own that hotel, too and you owe me $1,500 besides.  that wipes me out.  you win again, jan.  do you want to play one more time.  no wayyou're too good for me.  you're a financial genius.  i guess i am pretty good.  you're a regular howard hughes.  see you later.  mike: help. somebody lend a hand.  oh, well, i'm on my way.  i'm about to lose the eggs.  alice, quick.  i got it, i got it.  oh, honey, what's in the bag.  sorry, every item is classified top secret.  for that gourmet dinner you're going to cook, mr. brady.  yes, anyone caught snooping gets the firing squad.  i think i know why he's keeping saturday's menu such a secretso when he messes it up we won't know what it was supposed to be.  they do say that 90% of the domestic accidents occur in the kitchen.  laugh if you must but remember what i said: top secret.  ooh.  cindy: anybody seen jan.  she went to the library, honeywhy.  oh, i just thought i'd let her beat me at checkers.  why do that.  to give her confidence.  to make her think she's good at something.  we've been doing that.  how long do you kids plan to keep losing to jan.  .. a couple of months.  i'll ask greg.  it's nice that you kids want to help jan but you're not being very honest with her.  it's not a real victory if everybody's just pretending to lose.  i guess you're right.  so i'm speaking for all the kidswe're sorry.  we were only trying to help.  yeah, well, thanks for what you're trying to do.  greg, why don't you go round up the kids for dinner, okay.  they're out in back.  you know, i would say that goes to prove how much your brothers and sisters care about you.  it also proves something elseit proves that everybody feels sorry for little jan brady, the loser.  that's exactly what i am, a born loser.  ..  wait a minute, honey.  they're just trying to give you confidence.  i do have confidencei'm confident that i'm a notalent loser.  no, no, everyone has talent somewhere and you'll never find where yours lies if you quit trying.  your father's right, jan.  you have to keep trying in life.  quitters never succeed at anything.  but i don't know what else to try.  i'm sure there are lots of things she could do.  there are all kinds of things going on at school.  ..  playsthat's a good idea.  why don't you look into that tomorrow.  maybe i will.  promise.  okay, i promise.  i guess i've got nothing to lose.  nothing except your notalent.  hi, mrs. brady.  how about a little afternoon snack.  oh, no thanks, alice.  i wish you'd say yes.  why.  brady has in the freezer.  now, alice, we promised.  you're right, i'll wash my mouth out with soap for even suggesting it.  when you're through will you suggest it again.  i'm weakening.  mom, i found something at school that i'm really interested in.  what, honey.  i'm trying out for the lead in the school play.  oh, jan, that's wonderful.   come in.  mademoiselle, i come to give you one final chance to pay the rent.  but, monsieur, i must have more time.  i've almost finished my painting.  jan, you have another line, dear.  .. sorry.  let's start again.   come in, billy.  jan, he's the landlord, not billy.  mademoiselle, i've come to give you one final chance to pay the rent.  but, monsieur, i must have more time.  i've almost finished my painting.  .. uh, i'm sure i'll sell it.  i must have the rent.  she is long overdo.  but i have no money.  oh, here, hold this.  jan, dear, are you sure you're up to this.  i mean, you did have only one night to learn it.  no, mrs. ferguson, i'm not up to this.  maybe our next play.  there won't be a next one for me.  mom, jan's tryout was a disaster.  she couldn't get anything right.  poor kid.  she's going to be more miserable now than ever.  hi, mom, hi, pete.  hi, jan.  were you putting me on.  no, she really bombed out, honest.  boy, did i ever bomb out.  you know that picture i painted for the play.  mrs. ferguson is also our art teacher.  she says i show real talent as a painter that my painting was terrific and that she wants me to enroll in her art class.  oh, jan, that's great.  good.  alice: now, how about that.  she tries out as an actress and winds up an artist.  you and dad were right.  if i had quit, i would have never known.  hey, i wonder if it works the other way around.  maybe if i tried to paint, somebody would discover how much raquel welch and i have in common.  would you believe shirley temple.  in night.  rooster crow.  still tired the next day too.  when you have trouble falling asleep or staying asleep, remember 2layer ambien cr.  the first layer helps you fall asleep quickly.  and unlike other sleep aids, a second helps you stay asleep.  when taking ambien cr, don't drive or operate machinery.  sleepwalking, and eating or driving while not fully awake with memory loss for the event as well as abnormal behaviors such as being more outgoing or aggressive than normal, confusion, agitation and halluciations may occur.  don't take it with alcohol as it may increase these behaviors.  allergic reactions such as shortness of breath, swelling of your tongue or throat may occur and in rare cases may be fatal.  side effects may include nextday drowsiness, dizziness, and headache.  in patients with depression, worsening of depression, including risk of suicide may occur.  if you experience any of these behaviors or reactions contact your doctor immediately.  wake up ready for your day.  ask your healthcare provider for 2layer ambien cr.  is tonight's menu still a top secret.  no, it is now declassified.  vichyssoise, caesar salad chocolate mousse in the icebox tomatoes parmesan in the broiler asparagus hollandaise and thepiece de resistanceboeuf bourgignon champignon.  oh, honey, it looks and smells delicious.  you are the greatest.  yes, that's true.  i have too much humility to disagree.  now, call the kids, because dinner's ready.  oh, that presents a problem.  hmm.  the kids are going to a surprise party tonight.  what.  you mean after i've slaved over a hot stove making all this food.  alice and i will eat our share.  honey, i've got enough food here for nine people.  well, call alice to the table.  i'll start serving it.  : talk about lack of appreciation...  all the money i spent preparing all this gluck.  surprise.  a surprise party, huh.  well, you got to admit you were surprised.  kids: we want to eat.  we want to eat.  hold it.  i've got a surprise for you.  oh, what.  : the cook has resigned and you are serving the dinner.  oh, what did i tell you, alice.  i knew we'd wind up doing all the work.    here's the story of a lovely lady    who was bringing up three very lovely girls    all of them had hair of gold, like their mother      it's the story of a man named brady    who was busy with three boys of his own    they were four men living all together      till the one day when the lady met this fellow    and they knew that it was much more than a hunch    that this group must somehow form a family    that's the way we all became the brady bunch    the brady bunch, the brady bunch    that's the way we becamethe brady bunch.     alice, alice.  the most wonderful thing happened.  you were nominated for the most popular girl in your class.  how did you know.  peter beat you home by a glass of milk and a slice of bologna.  isn't it terrific.  terrific, i think your classmates have got real clas thanks.  hi, bobby.  hi, jan.  bobby, you'll never guess what happened today.  i know, you got nominated for most popular girl.  that's great.  at least marcia'll be surprised.  i already heard.  yeah, me, too.  congratulations.  honestly.  surprising people in this family is harder than smuggling sunrise past a rooster.  we think it's super.  yeah, i'm going to have a hard time winning against kathy williams.  what's so special about her.  well, she's got the three "b's"beautiful, brainy and built.  oh, jan, that's not everything.  at my age, it's nothing.  you just have to get out there and campaign hard.  well, i'm not worried.  good.  i passed "worried" an hour ago, now i'm terrified.  pagapapaaapapagapapapapapapapagcgc@pcgapapapapapapa )