 how's that.  make them shinier.   what are you two doing with my shoes.  we're polishing them.  why.  to show you how much we appreciate you.  this wouldn't have anything to do with my new job.  what new job.  we don't know anything about marcia having a new job do we, cindy.  no.  oh, it's going to be very exciting.  you see, i get to work in a hardware store.  hardware store.  we thought you were working in an ice cream parlor.  didn't know anything about it, huh.  well, we might have heard a rumor.  and if you think we're polishing your shoes ..  you're absolutely right.  mmmmm.  how long before dinner.  not long now.  carrots and lettuce.  i'm beginning to get pink eyes and a twitchy little nose.  meat is but a memory.  well, remember what i said, alice.  willpowerit's all in the head.  oh, no, honey.  that's not where it's at.  you're way off target, mr. brady.  i guess dieting is just easier for some people than it is others.  for me it would be a cinch but fortunately, i don't have to because i have not gained an ounce since college.  not an ounce, huh.  nope, not an ounce.  how long has it been since you weighed yourself.  i don't have to weigh myself.  i can feel it.  mmhmm. alice, the scale, please.  mike: what are you doing with a scale in the kitchen.  that's to keep me semihonest.  whenever i feel like cheating on my diet, i weigh myself and then i cheat anyway.  come on, on the scale.  oh, honey, what's the point.  i told you, not an ounce.  oh, you're just chicken.  i'm not chicken.  please, don't talk about food.  come on, on the scale.  there you go.  you're right.  you haven't gained an ounce.  you've gained seven pounds.  exactly.  wait a minute.  you got to allow for my clothes.  we'll allow about four pounds for clothes.  you still have three extra pounds.  what's three pounds.  if i want to, i could lose it like that.  brady, it would be so much easier if we were both on a diet.  yeah, but what about dinner.  i mean, the pot roast.  ..  have a bag of willpower.   hi.  hi. come on in.  thanks, but i just stopped by for a minute.  oh, okay.  hi.  about tomorrowdo you want to meet me at the tennis court or should i pick you up.  i'm sorry, jeff.  i'll have to break our date.  tomorrow i start a new job at haskell's ice cream hut.  yeah, but i reserved a court and everything.  i'm just as disappointed as you are but you know what they saybusiness before pleasure.  that's what they say.  why don't you make a reservation for us to play some night.  i get off work at 6:00.  yeah, okay.  i'll be in touch.  okay. goodbye.  boy, am i famished.  that little bag of vegetables last night didn't go very far.  alice, mr. brady is famished.  breakfast coming right up.  i will have my eggs lightly basted.  breakfast is served, mr. brady.  what's that.  breakfast.  dry toast and coffee.  it isn't enough to keep a hummingbird alive.  it is if the hummingbird has willpower.  here you are.  we can get cones this big anyplace in town.  you only paid for a single scoop.  yes, but we're relatives.  marcia, look at those skimpy cones.  that's no way to treat the family.  let me have them.  give me the cones.  here, i'll take care of them.  ..  .. there.  maybe a little more.  there.  here you are, kids.  live a little.  thanks.  from now on, you get all our business.  uh, kids, why don't you try a seat at the table.  for you.  compliments of the house.  no, thanks, mr. haskell.  .. on a diet.  it's my newest creation: pineappleraspberry rhapsody.  use your willpower, alice.  come on, one spoonful.  you'll love it.  remember your diet, alice.  remember your hips, alice.  i'll wait for you kids outside.  hi. how's it going.  hi.  busy, but i love it.  i hope you have enough strength left for our tennis date tonight.  i've got the strength but i don't have the time.  i thought you said you get off at 6:00.  i do, but this job's put me behind schedule.  i've got to write a book report.  wow, between this job and school there's no time left for me.  i'm sorry, jeff.  just as soon as i get caught up we'll have lots of time together.  excuse me. okay.  i'll be right with you.  how's the job hunting.  zero.  i've devoted nine years of my life to education and all i'm qualified to do is fill out job applications.  i don't know what's got into this broom.  20 years ago it swept by itself.  it glided, it skipped.  mr. haskell, maybe it's not the broom.  you're here morning, noon and night.  why don't you slow down a little.  marcia, in the ice cream business when you slow down, you melt.  maybe you're right.  maybe i should take afternoons off, find a hobby.  that's a good idea.  so where am i going to find a helper as good as you.  well, i know someone very much like me and he does need a job.  someone close to you.  close enough to be my brother.  in fact, it is my brother.  good.  if one brady is good, then two are better.  effective immediately, you're in charge of the afternoon shift.  me.  thanks.  well, here goes my first afternoon off in 20 years.  i'm going to relax, even if it kills me.  marcia, you're the greatest, most fantastic sister a guy ever had.  thanks, but let's not overdo it.  no, i'm serious.  you're super.  you're making it possible for me to get that new stereo tape deck.  well.  well what.  aren't you going to finish the counter.  sure, right after i take an ice cream break.  that's right, kevin.  i'm a real working man now.  you ought to try it sometime.  peter, you've been on that phone all afternoon.  uhhuh.  come on.  we've got work to do.  i can't cut kevin off right in the middle.  it wouldn't be polite.  what were you saying, kevin.  now look, i am not kidding.  get off that phone now.  got to go, kevin.  okay, i'll see you.  what's the big hassle.  you and your goofing off.  now how about helping me dust some of these shelves.  oh, yeah, sure.  just don't get so shook.  i'll get on it right away.  just as soon as i make one more phone call.  thank you.   we want a touchdown.  we want a touchdown.  we want a touchdown.  we want a touchdown.  hey, what did you do that for.  there's two minutes to go, and my team's on the oneyard line.  peter brady, you're fired.  .  fired.   @  @ @  welcome progressive.com.  are you all right.  a ferocious white whale wrecked my boat.  well, i'm sure we can ..  ahab.  well, it looks like you haven't had a claim in over four years, so you don't have to pay a deductible.  that means you saved $500.  $500.  i could get an electronic fishfinder.  that's the spirit.  saving you money on boat insurance.  now that's progressive.  call or click today.  for no reason at all, right out of left field she fired me.  what a rotten thing to do to your own brother.  that's what you get when you give small people power.  they can't handle it.  marcia: you going to be in there all night.  dictator.  you brainwashed bobby.  no, i didn't. i told him the truth.  you fired me 'cause you're powerhungry.  i fired you because you're lazy and you deserved it.  you know what you are.  a company stooge.  what's the use.  okay, run away from the truth, you captain bligh dictator.  and you're a capital "g" goofoff.  all right, you two kids, cool it.  marcia gave me a raw deal.  you did everything you were supposed to do.  i sure did.  okay, so i'm not perfect.  you can say that again.  peter, it seems to me you took advantage of marcia because she's your relative. true or false.  ..  true or false.  true.  all right, what would you have done if the situation were reversed.  i guess i'd have kicked me out, too.  i apologize, captain bligh.  okay, capital "g" goofoff.  hey, i just thought of something.  i put in three days of work.  wonder if i could collect unemployment insurance.   i don't believe it.  hello.  listen, marsh.  hi, jeff.  there's a rock concert at the park saturday.  i thought maybe you'd like to catch it with me.  well, i'm sorry, but i have to work.  oh, well, we can get together sunday and do something.  sorry, but i don't see how.  after working all week, i have to do my homework ..  yeah, yeah, i get the message.  business before pleasure.  see you around.  bye.   haskell not everybody is suited for the ice cream business.  haskell, would you take a chance on another brady.  another brother.  no, a sister.  you mean the little one i met in here.  no. this one's older.  well, they say this is a woman's world now.  thanks, mr. haskell.  and don't worry.  we women won't let you down.  she's a very good worker, marcia.  i told you, mr. haskell.  they say golf is a very relaxing game i think i'll go out and relax 18 holes worth.  enjoy yourself.  thank you.  and don't worry.  just leave it to us brady girls.  see you later.  bye.  what should i do next.  .. memorize all 29 flavors.  i already did that.  what else.  have some ice cream.  i came here to work, not eat.  boy, your name sure isn't peter.   marcia, you really picked us a winner this time.  yes, sir.  jan's fantastic.  aw, come on, alice we don't care, let us see.  hey, congratulations, you lost four pounds.  well, thanks to mr. brady and willpower.  okay, your turn.  well, i'm sure i've lost at least five.  whoops. you gained three pounds.  that's impossible.  no secret eating, huh.  not a calorie.  your scale is out of kilter.  ow, you're stepping on my foot.  that's 'cause you're stepping on my scale.  come on.  oh, no.   oh, alice, alice.  may i help you.  yes, please.  hi, marcia.  hi, jeff.  we'd like, um, two lovers' delight specials.  two lovers' delights.  oh, could you hurry that up, please.  we're going to a drivein movie.  two lovers' delights.  the nerve of him.  i couldn't care less.  who needs him.  he can go out with anybody he wants.  then why are you so upset.  who's upset.  just because he happens to be fickle doesn't upset me.  you would think he'd have better taste, though.  i think she's kind of pretty.  only in sort of an obvious way.  she's practically sitting in his lap.  two lovers' delights.  here we go.  two lovers' delights.  would you care for whipped cream.  yeah, please.  okay.  look what you did.  oh, i'm sorry.  come on.  ..  let me wipe some off.  marcia, he left without paying.  this treat's on me.  boys.  from now on, i'm dedicating myself to my career.  what career.  this one. now i'm afternoon manager.  soon i'll be full manager someday mr. haskell will make me his partner.  .. i mean, mr. haskell.  hello, girls.  sit down, jan, sit down a minute.  i did my best, but it's no good.  what's no good.  teaching an old dog new tricks.  people said i needed relaxation, so i relaxed, i played golf.  trying to get that little ball in that little hole i almost had a nervous breakdown.  that's too bad.  the best relaxation for me is going back to work afternoons.  that means you won't need one of us.  that's right, jan.  tough break.  marcia, marcia, you're a very good worker.  thank you, mr. haskell.  an employer has to take care of his best workers, right.  right.  so, like i said, you're a very good worker, marcia .. jan here is a little bit better.  huh.  i'm sorry, marcia, but if i have to make ..  i have to choose jan.  ..  don't even talk to me, you job stealer.  i keep telling you it's not my fault.  girls, please, nobody's at fault.  haskell just hired the person he thought was best for the job.  that's how it is in business.  but i got jan the job.  and she sold out one sister for 29 flavors.  ..  no job is worth all thisi resign.  haskell will give you your job back.  would you.  yes, i would.  are you sure that's what you want to do.  positive.   hello.  .. just a minute, please.  marcia, it's for you.  it's jeff.  jeff, i'm not interested in anything that you have to say ..  what.  you just dated her to get even.  well, i squirted you with the whipped cream for the same reason.   yeah.  really.  that sounds great.  okay.  bye.  jeff's got something planned for us to do every afternoon next week.  but what about your job.  you'll be working.  correction, jan, you'll be working.  i've just retired.   i got it.  you got what.  a job at the leaning tower of pizza parlor.  hey, great, peter.  it's better than working for mr. haskell.  you mean the salary.  no, mr. haskell only has 29 flavors.  the leaning tower has 32 kinds of pizza.  i hope i can keep my job long enough to eat my way through every one of them.   let's see.  oh. hey.  uhuhuh.  don't you know it's dangerous to wake up somebody when they're sleepwalking.   >hi, i'm mark victor hansen.  welcome to the hansen report.  you know me best probably from my books like chicken soup for the soul and the one minute millionaire and the richest kids in america.  but today i want to talk to you hearttoheart and soultosoul about the biggest problem america's ever had and that's your personal economy.  the economy is going like this and it's going there fast so most of you need an extra $200, $300, $400, $500 a month.  but today i've got the guy that's going to give you the juice to plug you back in make you feel good about yourself, self confidence, raise your self esteem and show you the way to turn profits in your sweet tomorrows.  his name is anthony morrison.  anthony we're glad to have you on the show thank you for being here.  thank you for having me.  >you've got a program as an internet guru that's going to help everybody.  how is it differentiated from every one of those other programs that people watch on tv.  well the thing is, eevery other program that i've ever seen anyway requires you to sell something to somebody, have customer service, all of these different things that go along with having a business right.  and what i've crated doesn't require any of that stuff it's actuallyyou don't have to sell anybody anything you don't have to ever do customer support it's an automated way to make money on the internet.  in fact i have aa video that i'd like to show right now before we really get into my story.  > hi my name is roger  and i'd like to share my story with you on how anthony's system literally saved the day for this family.  at age 60 i retired and invested my entire savings in the stock market.  a year and a half later i had lost it all.  with no job, no income and a large family to support, i didn't know where to go.  at about this time i was introduced to anthony's system.  with this system we have been able to secure our home, which was in jeopardy and uh...  put the three children through college and along the way we were able to purchase several new automobiles.  anthony's system really works.  >anthony, tell me who that was.  that wasthat was my dad.  you know, now i have a li have a lot ofof home videos that have been sent in by a lot of my students that we'll show for the rest of the show.  but, you know, that was a video from my dad and the reason that i felt that it was important that i show that is because a lot of people look at me and they say, "okay you're 26 years old how in the world are you going to teach me how to make money on the internet.  how do you understand what i'm going through.  how do you understand what it feels like to pay a mortgage or a car payment or insurance paper or anything like that." and i want people to understand that the reason i started this business is because when i was in college mymy dad went completely bankrupt.  i mean he lost everything.  this is a man that had made a lot of money been very successful and was left with nothing in his mid60's.  so what i decided to do was i said, "look, i've got to do something to help him," because we were getting ready to lose our home.  we were getting ready to all have to drop out of college.  i mean it wasthings were about to turn really bad for our family.  >pretty shaky.  so i decided to get on line, do some research and i was going to find a way to try to make money from home, not a ton of money just enough money to take care of my family.  so what i did was, i didn't have business sense, but i had common sense.  and i said, "okay i'm going to make a list." so i did i made a list of all the programs i'd seen.  everything i saw on tv everything i saw on the internet, made a list.  and i went around my home town and asked people, "hey look have you tried this.  have you tried this ebay program." and inevitably they'd say, "yeah i've tried that program." and i'd say, "okay can you give me some feedback does it work you know." and everybody had the same response.  they all looked at me and said, "you know what i tried it, it didn't work for me.  but hey, look i'm on to this one." and they'd start telling me )