  here's the story    of a lovely lady    who was bringing up    three very lovely girls    all of them hadhair of gold    like their mother    the youngest onein curls    it's the storyof a man named brady    who was busy withthree boys of his own    they were four menliving all together    yet theywere all alone    till the one daywhen the lady met this fellow    and they knew that it wasmuch more than a hunch    that this groupmust somehow form a family    that's the way we allbecame the brady bunch    the brady bunch    the brady bunch    that's the waywe became the brady bunch.    captioning sponsored byparamount television hey, steve.  listen, you guys, i...  hi.  come on, you guys,it isn't my fault.   hi.  i'll walk homewith you.   bobby.  hi, cindy.  what's wrong.  what's wrong.  everything's wrong.  what do you mean.  my whole class hates me.  walmartnow items.  because you need to findhappiness on rollback.  in every aisle.  now get thousands of items onrollback, like this 60 inch vizio led, now only $798.  a $50 savings.  walmart lookingat site.  do you guys haveidentity theft protection.  i'm sorry, did you sayidentity distribution.  no. protection.  identity theft protection.  you have selectedidentity distribution.  your identity will nowbe shared with everyone.  thank you. no, no, no rr  not allcredit report sites are equal.  we're good in here, howie.  yeah, have a good night,brother.  com members get personalized help plus identity theft protection.  join now at experian.com.  with enrollment in experian credit tracker.  ] install a new washing machine with one finger.  maybe a little more that way.  nice.  now get 10% off all major appliances$399 and above.  ring ring.  progresso.  i can't believe i'm eating bacon and rich creamy cheese before my sister's wedding well it's only 100 calories, so you'll be ready for that dress uhhuh...  you don't love the dress.  i love my sister...  40 flavors. 100 calories orless.  some people think vegetables are boring.  but with green giant's delicious seasonings and blends, we just may change their minds.  ho ho ho green giant.  brandcomfort bandages.  our most stretchable sheerbandage ever.  they're 50% more stretchable, so they fit snug to protect eventough spots from dirt and germs.  'cause bandaid stretches withme.  bandaid brand.  we've got all your wound careneeds covered.  woman: for soft beautiful feet, i have a professional secret: amop and its premium foot care line.  the new amop pedi perfect foot file gives you soft beautiful feet effortlessly.  its microlumina rotating head buffs away hard skin even on those hardtoreach spots.  it's amazing.  you can see it and feel it.  my new musthave for soft, beautiful feet.  amop pedi perfect.  available in the foot care aisleof the following retailers:  hi, dad.  hi.  you didn't say anything about getting a boat.  i didn't know i was going to.  honey, where'd you get that.  i delivered my plans for the marine addition to joe houston.  he was about to commit this thing to the junkyard.  i thought we can fix it up.  far out.  it doesn't look very seaworthy.  as a matter of fact it doesn't even look very bathtubworthy.  wow, a boat.  is it ours.  well, i'm afraid so, sweetie.  when do we go sailing.  as soon as we're sure we're not going to go sinking.  greg: hey, look what we got, bobby.  where are you going.  up to my room.  gee, that's not like bobby.  i thought he'd be more excited than anyone.  i think bobby has a problem.  a problem. did something happen at school today.  it must have.  bobby says his whole class hates him.  i hate you, too.  mind if we come in.  my goodness, bobby you look like the world has come to an end.  that would be good.  what. bad as all that.  want to talk about it.  there's nothing you can do.  there's nothing anybody can do.  well, let's see.  come on, you tell us about it.   so.  don't you know what it is.  sure. it's an armband.  school "safety monitor." safety monitor.  s.m. should stand for "snitch monitor." aah, what's that supposed to mean.  it means i have to fink on all my friends.  that's not finking, bobby.  if the kid it's the safety monitor's job to report them.  some job.  when the teacher asked for a volunteer not one kid in the class raised his handnot one kid.  so she made me the safety...  the class cop.  did you ever stop to think she might have picked you because she thought you were responsible enough to do a good job.  what do you mean.  well, take police, for instance.  you know, it isn't part of their job to like arresting people.  they share a responsibility to enforce the rules.  and rules are very important, bobby.  they're made to protect people.  never thought of it that way.  and you'll be agreat safety monitor, bobby if you try.  you think so.  why, we'd bet on it.  boy: come on, give it to me.  come on, give it to me.  okay, you three hold it.  right there. hold it.  there is to be no disorderly conduct in the halls especially atmypost.  we were only trying to help him carry his books.  that's your story.  i know, last name first.  boy, this is what i've always wanteda boat.  haha. me, too.  give me a boat and a moonlit night and i'm all set.  haven't you forgot something.  what.  the girl.  oh, she's there, little brother.  she's there.  mike: ahoy, there.  hi. oh, hi.  okay, kids, if we're going sailing we have to learn a little something about it.  with a boat this size there really isn't much to learn.  if you want to do it safely there's a lot more than you think.  for instance, who knows which side is port and which starboard.  the left side is port.  right. yeah.  i know which side is starboard.  the right one.  yes, that's right.  well, i couldn't miss.  okay, now, when two boats meet who has the right of way.  the biggest boat.  no. the boat on the rightthe same as the rules of the road.  yeah, but what if they're coming straight at each other.  then we're back to the biggest boat.  what are we doing.  well, we're learning a little bit about sailing.  can i learn, too.  why, sure.  where's bobby.  he's still busy at school.  what's he doing.  he stopped seven kids from running down the stairs and he was still trying to get their names when i left.  well, he's really serious about being the long arm of the law.   hey, wait.  stop.  you're running in the halls.  it's okayit's my brother. come on.  cindy.  what are you doing.  what does it look like i'm doing.  i know her name. what's yours.  last name first.  bobby, you can't turn me in.  i'm your own sister.  watch it.  i can also cite you for arguing with a safety monitor.  and he wrote down the names, even mine.  but that's his job, sweetheart.  yes, but i'm his very own sister.  that doesn't give you any special privileges.  the same rules apply to you that apply to everyone else.  i don't see why they should.  let me see.  i'll try to explain it to you this way.  let's say that bobby was a policeman and, uh, i drove through a red lightaccidentally, of coursewell, i would expect him to give me a ticket.  your own son..  absolutely.  boy, if i ever had a son who was a policeman and he gavemea ticket i'd give him a spanking.   i guess she was complaining about me.  you guessed right.  i guess you tookherside.  you guessed wrong.  you didn't.  yeah. well, cindy didn't like it but you were just doing your duty, honey.  i'm glad you understand, mom.  oh, i do. i do.  listen, being in a position of authority isn't easy.  right.  thanks, mom.  it's kind of tough being a lawman.  it's a big responsibility.  oh, i know, officer.  i wonder if he really would give me a ticket.  smokingwith chantix.  people who know me, to this daythey say, "i never thought youwould quit." you know, i really didn't eitherbut chantix helped me do it.  along with support, chantix is proven to help people quit smoking.  it gave me the power toovercome the urge to smoke.  some people had changes inbehavior, thinking or mood, hostility,agitation, depressed mood and suicidalthoughts or actions while taking or after stoppingchantix.  if you notice any of these, stop chantix and call yourdoctor right away.  tell your doctor about anyhistory of mental health problems, which couldget worse while taking chantix.  don't take chantix if you'vehad a serious allergic or skin reaction to it.  if you develop these, stopchantix and see your doctor right away as some can belifethreatening.  tell your doctor if you have ahistory of heart or blood vesselproblems, or if you develop new or worsesymptoms.  get medical help right away ifyou have symptoms of a heart attack or stroke.  use caution when driving oroperating machinery.  common side effects includenausea, trouble sleeping and unusualdreams.  i'm a nonsmoker. that feels amazing.  ask your doctor if chantix is right for you.  before back america to help entertain some friends at the beach.  before earning 1% cash back everywhere, every time.  and 2% back at the grocery store.  even before he got 3% back on gas.  all with no hoops to jump through.  rafael was inspired to use his bankamericard cash rewards credit card to spend a night watching the stars, under the stars.  that's the beauty of rewarding connections.  apply online or at a bank of america near you.  if you're suffering fromconstipation or irregularity, powders may take days to work.  for gentle overnight relief, trydulcolax laxative tablets.  ducolax provides gentleovernight relief, unlike miralax that can take up to 3 days.  dulcolax, for relief you cancount on.    in the nation...  the safestfeature in your car is you.  add vanishing deductible fromnationwide insurance and get $100 off forevery year of safe driving.  which for you,shouldn't be a problem.  just another way we putmembers first because wedon't have shareholders.  join the nation.  . nationwide is on your side .  emma, it's simple, when you are ina place like this, the best way to capture themoment is to feel it, even if you can't see it.   come in.  jan, i got to talk to you about something.  well, can't it wait.  i'm awful busy.  i just saw alice setting the table.  so.  it's your turn to set the table tonight.  what business is that of yours.  mom and dad told us not to go pushing off our chores on alice.  well, look, bobby, i have...  you're breaking a rule.  people can't just go around breaking rules.  bobby, you're a safety at school, not at home.  a rule is a rule.  at school or at home.  you're going to be on my report.  what report.  i'm turning in a report to mom and dad at the end of the week.  well, i've got a very good reason for not setting the table.  and i've got a very good reason for reporting you.  you broke a rule.  see you later.   you were supposed to be in by 11:30.  sorry i woke you up, bobby.  you're 25 minutes late.  go back to sleep.  i'll have to tell mom and dad.  huh.  you're going to be on my report at the end of the week.  what report.  you broke a rule.  you came in late.  listen, i have a very good reason for being late.  that's what they all say.  how could they cram ten feet of nerve into four feet of kid.  you know, i thought everybody would love the way that jan and i painted the boat.  boats are supposed to beonecolor.  you want to scare the fish to death.  okay, so we goofed.  you're lucky you're not on bobby's report.  yeah. do you believe that report.  i have to. i'm on it.  so am i. the little stinker.  what are you on it for.  i'm not supposed to borrow any of mom's things unless i ask and bobby saw me borrowing a bracelet.  you know, i think being a school safety has gone right to his fat little head.  i'd like to give him a good kick right in his fat little... other end.  boy, does that look neat.  who's going to be the captain.  your father, of course.  tadum.  what am i going to be.  probably seasick.   hey, when can we go sailing, dad.  if we get the sail i ordered we can put it in the water on the weekend.  good. oh, good.  that's really great, dad.  hey, where are you going all dressed up.  all us safeties have to go to school and get our picture taken.  be careful and don't get your good clothes dirty.  i won't. see you later.  okay, honey. bye.  dad, does he have to go with us when we launch the boat.  well, now, that's a silly question.  of course he does.  well... if he's going to go, i don't really think i want to.  that goes double for me.  make that triple.  hey, wait a minute.  come back here. what is this.  we haven't even launched the boat yet and we've got a mutiny.  what's going on here.   see you guys later.  girl: oh, bobby. bobby.  oh, am i glad to see you.  hi, jill.  you've got to help me.  my cat's stuck. your cat.  around the corner.  it's stuck in that old house.  they're going to tear it down.  i can't get in. it's all boarded up.  we can't go in that old house.  there's a sign in front that says "no trespassing." please, you've got to get pandora out for me.   gee, jill, i'd like to help, but... it says "keep out." a rule's a rule.  what if pandora's hurt.  you've got to help me.  please, you've got to get pandora out for me.  well... i know i'm not supposed to do this...  here, pandora.  come here, pandora.   pandora.   are you up there.       thanks, bobby.   boy... mom and dad are going to kill me.  mom.  dad.  wow.  what luck.  i've still got a whole hour.  what..  oh, no.  ...we went tooursale.  yeah, here. let me help, alice.  okay.  if there's one thing i hate, it's a lastday, halfprice bargain sale.  oh, me, too.  all that pushing and shoving and grabbing.  i hope i didn't hurt anybody.  i have told those kids not to leave the door open.  what on earth....  carol: where are all those suds coming from.  the washing machine must be on.  did you leave it on automatic.  i wasn't even using it today.  oh, alice.  the washing machine's gone crazy.  bobby: help. mom.  mrs. brady, the suds are calling you.  bobby.  bobby: yeah, it's me.  where... oh, bobby...  here he is. where are you.  here he is. wait.  oh, what in the world happened.  i think so.  what were you doing.  washing my clothes.  you're supposed to take your clothesoff before you wash them.  bobby... oh... oh, honey...  sorry.  yeah, you should be.  and when there wasn't anybody home i figured i could wash my good clothes and you'd never find out.  well, what do you think.  it calls for a punishment, doesn't it.  i broke a rulei have to get punished.  well, not necessarily, bobby.  what do you mean.  well, you did break a rule, but you saved a little girl's cat and that's a goo rule.  mike: bob, we always have to have rules and laws, but we always have to use them with reason and justice.  you mean you're not going to punish me.  not for this.  oh, wow. thanks.  wait a minute.  we're not through yet.  what else is there.  i want to talk to you about that report you're making out for us.  what about it.  other people have reasons for breaking rules, too.  do you know why greg was late getting home that night.  no.  because his date forgot her house key.  her parents weren't home and he didn't want her waiting around alone at night.  gee, i guess thatisa good reason for breaking a rule.  but greg never told me.  he says he tried to, but you wouldn't listen.  and you know the reason why jan didn't set the table that night.  no.  because she had to read a book for a test the next morning.  mike: and one more thing.  being an authority at school does not give you that same authority at home.  you understand.  sir.  from what we've heard, you have become the most unwelcome young man at clinton avenue elementary school.  let alone at home.  i guess i was a real stinker, huh.  yeah, i guess the name "stinker" fits pretty well.  maybe i should apologize to them, huh.  i think that would be a very good idea.  well, i hope you've learned something from all this.  boy, i sure have.  first, even if you have authority, you've got to listen to people and second, you've got to use good justice and reason like you said.  good. anything else.  oh, yeah, the most important thing of all. )