  here's the story    of a lovely lady    who was bringing up    three very lovely girls    all of them hadhair of gold    like their mother    the youngest onein curls    it's the storyof a man named brady    who was busy withthree boys of his own    they were four menliving all together    yet theywere all alone    till the one daywhen the lady met this fellow    and they knew that it wasmuch more than a hunch    that this groupmust somehow form a family    that's the way we allbecame the brady bunch    the brady bunch    the brady bunch    that's the way we becamethe brady bunch.    isn't it marvelous, alice.  my cousin gertrude is finally getting married.  for her, it's marvelous.  for me, it'd be miraculous.  hi, everybody.  oh, hi, honey.  what's the good word, honey. mmm.  well, gertrude is gonna get married.  gertrude... your cousin gertrude.  the one and only.  quick, a chair, i may faint.  oh, mike. the invitation's for a week from sunday night.  hmm. gee, a weddingdo i get all dressed up.  do i have to wear a dumb old tie.  oh, i'm sorry, kids.  the invitation is just for the grownups.  not us kids.  well, marcia and greg are going, but they're older.  and, um, jan and peter are going, too.  bobby: what about us.  well, there's a wedding reception afterwards.  i think gertrude thinks you're too young to stay up that late.  besides, weddings aren't all that interesting.  mike: you'll have a much better time at home.  sure, the three of us will watch tv, play games, have a lot of fun.  yeah. a lot of fun.  greg and peter won't even let me help fix a dumb old radio.  "it's too tricky." i can't even help paint a chair.  we're not even important enough to go to the wedding.  why can't us little kids do things that are important, too.  hey, that gives me an idea, cindy.  what.  we'll do something important.  that'll show them.  like what.  like...  i don't know.  but i'll think of something.  yeah.  something really, really important.  think the tree we carved our names in is still here.  probably dead...  how much fun is this.  what.  what a beautiful sunset...  if you like sunsets.  whether you're sweet or salty...  you'll love nature valley sweet and salty bars.  .  glade scents evoke the most beautiful feelings.  they can inspire and exhilarate.  make you smile.  calm you down.  lift you up to feeling more.  our 37 unique fragrances spark every emotion imaginable.  what will glade inspire in you.  sc johnson, a family company.  ] i'm aveeno.   aveeno daily moisturizing lotion has active naturals oat with five vital nutrients.   because beautiful skin goes with everything.  aveeno.naturally beautiful results.  asleep.  look what i got.  oh my froot loops.  let's do this.  get up. get up. get up. get up.  loop me.  bring back the awesome...  yeah.  yeah.  yeah.  with the great taste of kellogg's froot loops.  follow your nose.  years.  you named it brad.  you loved brad. and then you totaled him.  you two had been through everything together.  two boyfriends. three jobs.  you're like "nothing can replace brad." then liberty mutual calls.  and you break into your happy dance.  if you sign up for better car replacement, we'll pay for a car that's a model year newer with 15,000 fewer miles than your old one.  see car insurance in a whole new light.  liberty mutual insurance.  this"credit thing.  can i get my experian creditreport...  like, the one the bank sees.  sheesh, i feel like i'm beinginterrogated over here.  she's onto us. dump her.   ...hello.  oh, man. that never gets old.  no it does not.  not all credit report sitesare equal.  experian.com members get personalized help and an experian credit report.  join now at experian.com with enrollment in experian credit tracker sm.  barthat's tv, in all its naked glory. stripped of chocolate, with nothing but salty roastedpeanuts on soft sweet caramel.  a payday bar will getyou through your day.  expose yourself to payday.  offall bed.  but do you really.  neutrogena makeup remover erases 99% of your most stubborn makeup with one towelette.  can your makeup remover do that.  neutrogena makeup remover.  .  stouffer's mac and cheese with real aged cheddar now in a   new stouffer's mac cups.  made for you to love.  cooking, brings family together.  at cracker barrel old country store, we offer different choices to help you do just that.  even breakfast for dinner.  so stop on by, you're always welcome.  . .   i thought of something else important we could do.  what.  well, wouldn't it be great if we could go to new york and climb to the top of the empire state building.  i bet lots of people have climbed to the top of the empire state building.  not on theoutside.  alice, would you please raise the hem an inch.  i want to wear it to the wedding.  mm, okay, sure.  isn't it romantic.  cousin gertrude getting married after all these years.  i wonder if i'll ever get married.  well, i certainly would start to worry about that if i were you.  i mean, after all, here you are almost 13, over the hill.   announcer: and last but not least, here's the human side of the news.  cartoon king comes on next.  this afternoon, two enterprising and very tired college boys in farrellville are out to set a record.  they've been on a teetertotter for 100 straight hours.  they're almost therethe old record is 124 hours.  124 hours up and down, without a stop.  now, there's a record to shoot at.  did you hear that.  what ifweset a new record.  yeah.  we'll start tomorrow morning.  well, i'll see you later, alice.  you're off and running pretty early for a saturday morning, mrs. brady.  oh, yeah, i gotta get downtown and get gertrude a wedding present.  i sure hope i can get her something different.  you know what i mean, alice.  yeah, everybody always gives the obvious, like toasters.  yeah, i know what you mean.  mr. brady and i got nine of them.  we didn't know whether we were getting married or opening a restaurant.  everybody sure is in a hurry this morning.  we gotta get started early.  we're going to set a new teetertotter record, okay, mom.  sure, kids. have fun. bye.  well, i'd better get going.  i sure hope i can find something for gertrude, alice.  you know, she isn't the easiest person in the world to buy for.  well, she already has thebest gift for a wedding.  a man.  well, i'll see you later.   hi, dad. hi.  hi, kids.  guess what we're going to do.  when i get home, bob.  i'm late for an appointment.  we're going to set a new teetertotter record.  oh. mom said we could.  well, good for you.  have fun, kids.  bye. bye. byebye.  it'll take a long time to set the record.  are your muscles in good shape.  i guess so. are yours.  sure. feel this.  i don't feel anything.  well... maybe it's in the other arm.   hey, alice, have you got a watch. yeah.  tell us exactly what time it is when we start.  start.  for the new teetertotter record.  it has to be official.  aha. okay, official, right.  all right, uh, let's see.  it's three minutes after 8:00.  and... go.  hey, alice, what time is it now.  three minutes and 20 seconds after 8:00.  gee, that's 20 seconds already.  yeah, we only have to do this about... a million more times.  jan, would you zip me up.  sure.  do you think my dress is short enough now.  sure, it looks fine.  are you sure.  yes.  okay.  i'm trying to look at myself.  well, i.   jan: come in.  here's your radio.  we did it.  thanks. what was the matter with it.  your variable tuner was out of whack.  wow. and you fixed it.  nothing to it.  nothing to it for him.  i fixed it.  thanks, greg.  that's okay.  what are you girls all dressed up for.  it's for the wedding.  that's next week.  why wait till the last minute.  hey, if they're going to wear junk like that, we're going to have to get all dressed up, too.  why, sure. it's a wedding.  it's the most romantic thing that can ever happen in a girl's life.  what about the poor guy.   don't you want to get married.  sure. when i got nothing else to live for.   i mean, don't you want a home and children.  we already got a homeand a whole bunch of children.   come on.    hi, alice.  hi, mrs. brady.  well, i think i got the perfect gift for gertrudesomething i'm sure no one else would think of.  oh, what's that.  a silver frog.  oh, a silver frog.  well, you're right, it's a milliontoone shot she won't even get a green one.  oh, alice.  a frog for flowers.  see. this part is the frog and then you can use this for candy or nuts or anything.  hey, that's kind of pretty. isn't that great.  hey, is somebody going on a picnic.  oh, no, no, this is just a little something for mr. teeter and miss totter.  mr. teeter and miss totter.  they're out to set a world record, remember.  you don't mean to tell me they're not still on that thing.  since three minutes after 8:00.  i didn't think they were serious.  oh, they couldn't be seriouser.  whew.  you getting tired, cindy.  no, not much.  you getting tired.  no. we're getting close to that million times.  okay, kids, lunch break.  but we can't stop, mom.  well, you have to have a sandwich.  that'll ruin the record.  we've got to keep going.  you said we could set a record.  that's what you said this morning.  i really said that, huh.  just before you went out to buy the frog.  well, you have to eat something, anyway.  i'll bet they can do both.  you got to promise me one thing, kids: that you'll both stop when you get tired, okay.  okay, mom.  we promise. we're really going to break the old record.  well, good luck, kids.  by the way, alice, what is the old teetertotter record, anyway.  124 hours.  124 hours.  diabetesaffects us.  and for many, it's astruggle to keep your a1c down.  so imagine, what if therewas a new class of medicine that works differently tolower blood sugar.  imagine, loving your numbers.  introducingoncedaily invokana.  it's the first of a new kind of prescription medicine that's used along with diet and exercise to lower blood sugar in adultswith type 2 diabetes.  invokana is a oncedaily pillthat works around the clock to help lower a1c.  here's how: the kidneys allowsugar to be absorbed back into the body.  invokana reduces the amountof sugar allowed back in, and sends some sugar out throughthe process of urination.  and while it'snot for weight loss, it may help youlose some weight.  invokana can causeimportant side effects, including dehydration, which maycause some people to have loss of body water and salt.  this may also causeyou to feel dizzy, faint, lightheaded, or weak especially when you stand up.  other side effects mayinclude kidney problems, genital yeast infections,urinary tract infections, changes in urination,high potassium in the blood, or increases in cholesterol.  do not take invokana if youhave severe kidney problems or are on dialysis or ifallergic to invokana or its ingredients.  symptoms of allergic reaction may include rash, swelling, difficulty breathing or swallowing.  if you experienceany of these symptoms, stop taking invokana and callyour doctor right away or go to the nearest hospital.  tell your doctor aboutany medical conditions, medications you are taking,and if you have kidney or liver problems.  using invokana with asulfonylurea or insulin may increase risk oflow blood sugar.  it's time.  lower your bloodsugar with invokana.  imagine loving your numbers.  ask your doctorabout invokana.   one of these.  yoplait. smooth, creazyx and craled  whole family.  fatherhood...  lesson number one: pregnant wives havelatenight cravings.  umm...the ice cream...please.  lesson number two:thank you.  make sure you gether ice cream in a cup...  ...with a lid.  and that's why you want accident forgivenessfrom allstate.  it keeps your ratesfrom going up just because of an accident.  talk to your localallstate agent today.  call 8772881100 now.  this is your 3 a.m.  wake up call.  time to eat.  burp. change.  walk. rock a little.  walk some more.  and repeat.  who has time for insurance.  an allstate agent.  they can do allthe work for you.  like saving you up to 25%on your home insurance when you add an auto policy.  talk to an allstateagent today and relax.  or not.  plus switch toallstate today and you could save up to 10% moreon your auto policy.  just a few more ways the good hands are doing more than ever before.  call 8772881100 now.  you know, bobby, i don't think we're quite even.  i seem to have a little bit more ballast on my side than you do.  what's "ballast".  it's a fancy word i use 'cause i don't like to call it flab.  hi, dad.  hi, mr. brady.  hi.  alice is helping us with our teetertotter record.  in the teetertotter game, i am what is known as a sitin.  sitin. hi, dad. thanks, alice.  yeah, you see, i officially sit in for all the contestants whenever they have to do whatever it is they have to do.  she means if we have to go to the bathroom.  well, i can see you're a friend in time of need, alice.  you kids are really serious about this, aren't you.  yeah, we've been going at it since three minutes after eight this morning.  we're really going to set a new teetertotter record.  well, i certainly hope so.  what's for dinner, alice.  i'm starving.  well, that depends.  what day is it.  hi, honey.  oh, hi, dear.  would you believe that those two have been on that...  teetertotter.  carol: ...teeter totter since early this morning.  mike: yeah. since three minutes after eight, to be official.  well, do you think we ought to let them keep going.  oh, sure. why not.  it's no worse than if they spend a day playing in the park. anyway, you know kids, one minute they want to do one thing. the next minute, they want to do something else.  well, they certainly have their minds made up about this.  yeah, well, their minds may be ironclad, but it's the other end that's gonna make them quit.  aren't you getting tired.  well, some of me is.  why don't you quit.  i think it's dumb.  we're setting a record.  that's important.  hey, i got a great idea.  we can hitch up a drill to the teetertotter and you'll be an oil well.   go ahead and laugh.  we'll show you.  yeah, we'll show you.  wait till they find out we're having spaghetti and meatballs.  that'll get them in here.  greg: and next week you're gonna go for the pogo stick contest.  hi, there.  is this the brady house.  yeah, it is. can i help you.  my name's winters, daily chronicle.  hi. i'm bobby brady.  and i'm cindy brady.  oh, you're just who i'm looking for.  your mom and dad around.  yeah, they're inside.  what's this all about, mr. winters.  just covering a little news story, son.  cindy and bobby are news.  sure. they're out to set a world's record.  would one of you mind calling your mother and father.  yeah, peter, go get them.  how long have you kids been at it.  since three minutes after eight this morning.  mike: mmm, a smell like that could drive a man mad.  well, i just may dab a little behind my ears.  mom, dad, come on out.  there're some guys out here from the newspaper.  they're taking pictures and everything.  tsk.  look, one hand.  look, no hands.  better be careful, young man.  you know, this is a pretty big ambitionsetting a world's record.  we can do it.  do you thinkyoucan do this, young lady.  well, if bobby does it, i do it.  we go up and down together.  winters: mr. and mrs. brady. yes.  i'm art winters from thedaily chronicle.  hello. hello. hi.  hope you won't mind us taking a few pictures of the children.  no. you mean this is news.  sure. great humaninterest stuff.  we have a lot of human interest around here.  my brother and i just fixed my sister's radio.  that's fine, son, but one story at a time.  i'm sure you're very proud of the two kids, mrs. brady.  well, to the tell you the truth...  proud...  i guess you're a little concerned, too.  well, uh, my husband and i, at first we thought that...  mother, all family, concerned...  mr. winters...  i know just how you feel.  you do.  thanks a lot, folks. oh, good.  goodbye, kids. good luck.  mmr. winters, would you mind telling me how you found out about this.  we got a phone call down at the paper first thing this morning.  oh. thanks.    carol: isn't that exciting.  mike: i wonder who called the paper this morning.  we did.  we figured the people ought to know about us.  yeah, even us little kids can do something important.  important.  so that's what this is all about.  spaghetti and meatballs is ready.  sauce esquisita a la alice.  boy, are you guys missing something good.  spaghetti and meatballs.  they're not missing a thing.  i'm going to fix them something special, too.  how come they get that kind of service.  well, because they're setting a record, and we don't want to spoil it, do we.  thanks, mom.  thanks.  dad, why is setting a record such a big deal to them.  well, i guess cindy said it best.  "little kids can do something important." and sometimes we all forget that.  well, you know, kids want to be part of things, too, and, well, i'm afraid sometimes we give them the brushoff.  like maybe trying to help fix a radio.  or like that time we painted the chair.  well, i guess we all understand now.  you got to admit, bobby and cindy really made their point.  yeah, but i'm afraid no matter how hard they try to break that record, one thing is bound to stop them.       get that arm in there. come on.   i think it's just about over, honey.  they sure are giving it everything they've got.  bobby. wake up, bobby.  who's sleeping.  but maybe you'd better take a nap, and i'll take one later, okay.  okay.   : come on, sweetheart.  there you go.  : bob...  come on, wake up.  wake up.  come on in.  boy, they really got in the paper.  well, that's what they wanted.  read it, dad.  well, it says, "bobby and cindy brady "set out yesterday to break "the world's teetertotter record.  "they began their assault on the record at 8:03 in the morning, "and as of the taking of these exclusive photographs, "the two have been teetering and/or tottering "for several hours.  "the current record as set by ralph nelson, 19, "and allen rudolph, 20, is slightly over 124 hours.  "the young bradys feel that with a serious effort, the record is within their grasp." how come you let us fall asleep last night.  you could have woken us up.  before you get too upset, take a look at this morning's paper.  yeah, i think you might like what you see.  cindy: that's us.  bobby: wow. we're famous.  you know, we're really proud of you two.  thanks.  but we didn't set a record.  well, now wait a minutemaybe you did.  how old were those guys you saw on television.  oh, real old... like in college.  what's the record for kids your age.  i don't think there is one.  there you are.  you set a record.  hey, yeah.  we really did.  i hereby proclaim cindy and bobby brady junior teetertotter champions of the world.    whoops, i'll get it.  hello.  oh, hello, gertrude.  oh, yes, we're looking at it right now.  yes, they're very excited.  well, hold on a minute. i'll see.  cousin gertrude would like to know if you two celebrities want to come to the wedding.  who wants to go to a dumb old wedding.  i sure don't.  uh, sorry, gertrude, but our two celebrities are all booked up.  thanks. byebye.  come on, bobby, let's try to break some other kind of record.  yeah. come on.  i thought they wanted to go to the wedding.  not really, but it's always nice to be asked.  come on, jan.  where.  why don't we break a record, too.  we can't let two little kids beat us out.  i don't think we can stand more than two world's records in one week.  what do you mean two.  well, there's the teetertotter record...  and. gertrude.  anybody who spent 25 years shopping for a husbandthat's got to be some kind of record.  hold it, folks.  that's not a record yeti'm still in competition.   woman: for soft beautiful feet, i have a professional secret: amop and its premium foot care line.  the new amop pedi perfect foot file gives you soft beautiful feet effortlessly.  its microlumina rotating head buffs away hard skin even on those hardtoreach spots.  it's amazing.  you can see it and feel it.  my new musthave for soft, beautiful feet.  amop pedi perfect.  available in the foot care aisleof the following retailers: choices easy.  so it's good to know that mazola corn oil has 4 times more cholesterol blocking plant sterols than olive oil.  and a recent study found that it can help lowercholesterol 2 times more.  mazola makes it better.  werther'scaramel rich, smooth, and creamy... you'llnever know it's sugar free.  and find it in all the indulgentcaramel flavors you love.  werther's original sugar free.  .  a diaper pail.  next to a sunny window.  in a home with triplets.  with three cases of an upset tummy.  pinesol.  . .  . .  offall bed.  but do you really.  neutrogena makeup remover erases 99% of your most stubborn makeup with one towelette.  can your makeup remover do that.  neutrogena makeup remover.  endingpasta $9.99.  endless bowls of pastawith new sauces like roasted mushroom alfredo, and toppings likecrispy chicken fritta.  never ending pasta bowl, unlimited pasta, garden salad,and fresh baked breadsticks.  starting at $9.99.  only at olive garden.  hairmoisture without it falling flat.  .  some moisturizing products canweigh hair down.  .  dove oxygen moistureis different.  it provides lightweightoxygenfused moisture for the moisture you needand the volume you want.  so you can enjoy moisture with 95% more volume.  dove oxygen moisture.   how was the wedding.  oh, alice, it was simply beautiful.  well, it just goes to prove that somewhere, sometime, there's a mate for anybody.  oh, that's good to know.  alice, you wouldn't believe it.  fat, bald, wrinkled.  thin, scraggly mustache...  you should have seen the groom.  mike... i told you not...  that's pretty good.  that's better, pete, but grip it on the laces.  okay.  i thought cousin gertrude's wedding was so romantic.  yeah, it was just like a movie with all those flowers and everything.  i've never seen so many flowers.  and did you see that veil and gown.  they were perfect for her.  still talking about that dumb wedding.  it wasn't dumb.  it was beautiful. )