 "'my hero,' by robert brady.  "my hero is a very famous man "just like robin hood and the three musketeers.  "he was a great american ..  " jesse james.  the outlaw.  it disturbs me when impressionable children like bobby read books and see movies that glorify men like jesse james turn them into folk heroes.  jesse james was a cruel and vicious killer.  i'm really surprised at bobby.  well, don't be, mrs. brady.  look what's happening today.  the press writes stories about gangsters and skyjackers.  they make them seem very glamorous in the eyes of the children.  today's criminals will probably be tomorrow's folk heroes.  well, we'll certainly discuss this with bobby, mr. hillary.  good.  oh, bobby's teacher might never have brought this composition to my attention if it hadn't been for this.   he knows better than to bring a cap gun to school.  well, at recess, he was playing jesse james pretending to hold up the other kids so i thought this was an area where the parents and the school ought to get together.  we really appreciate it, mr. hillary.  mike: we'll certainly have a talk with him though i'm sure he doesn't intend to make a profession out of being an outlaw.  one wrong move from anybody on this train and you get it.  just give me your money, lady.  there, that's all i have.  thank you, ma'am.  okay, now, everybody stay in your seats till i jump off.  .. easy, boy.  steady.  whoa.  ha.  you're supposed to be on the train.  no, i'm not.  now i'm the posse hunting you down.  you'll never get me.  nobody gets jesse james.  ha.  come on, boy.  bobby: ha. ha.  jesse james, you're under arrest.  no way.  you can't arrest me here.  why not.  i just crossed the rio grande river.  this is mexico.  well, vamoose, youcaballeros because all of mexico's going to get mopped up.  but i have to arrest him first.  forget it, deputy.  marshal can't arrest you once you get into mexico.  is that true, alice.  asel presidenteof mexico i give you permission to take thishombreprisoner.  you can't, you have to have extradition papers.  mike: i've got some and i am extraditing you into my den right now.  move it, jesse.  what's the matter.  i got a cplus.  that's not too bad.  bob, it isn't the grade.  what we're interested in is how you happened to write it.  i had toit was an assignment.  bobby, what we mean is why did you choose jesse james for your hero.  well, i guess because he's famous.  bobby, he was famous because he robbed and killed a whole lot of innocent people.  bobby, almost everything that jesse james did was against the law.  my pal jimmy wrote about robin hood.  robin hood was against the law.  nobody got mad at jimmy.  oh, honey, we're not getting mad at you.  we're just interested in knowing why you chose to write about jesse james, that's all.  listen, right now he may seem like a very colorful western character to you but in actual fact, he was just a criminal.  now, that may be easier for you to understand when you get a little older.  yeah, i guess you're right.  i'll probably just grow out of it.  mike: and keep us ever mindful of thy bountiful blessings.  amen.  all: amen.   mike: bobby.  i didn't mean to pull the trigger.  we have told you before no toys at the table, and especially cap guns.  i'm sorry, dad.  i won't play with it again.  well, just to make sure.  you and that dumb jesse james.  what about jesse james.  bobby wrote an english composition about him.  he's his hero.  i had to write about a hero once.  " who'd you write it on.  joan of arc.  she saw visions, and she won battles and later, she was made a saint.  she was a great woman.  that's okay for you.  you got a lot better chance of being a woman than i have.  personally, i like george washington.  now, there's a hero.  fat chance i got of being father of my country.  there are lots of heroes who are around right now.  take wilt chamberlain.  there's a great guy to follow.  yeah, some chance i've got of being seven foot two.   bobby, just eat your pizza.  chairman, fellow architects, honored ..  dad, mom, could i ask a favor.  what.  uld i stay up a little bit after my bedtime tonight.  what for.  therevision and i've never seen it.  is it okay.  what's the picture.  ..  ..  what's it called.  jesse james on the vengeance trail.  .  bobby, what have we been talking about.  we have had enough jesse james around here and that's it.  ..  you heard your fatherthat's it.  oh, okay.  close the door.  jesse james must have killed 45 people in that picture.  that was before the credits.  imagine bobby watching a picture like that.  yeah, imagine.  thanks for letting me watch the show.  this is one movie about jesse james we thought it would be a good idea for you to see.  i think this is the scene where he robs the bank.  yeah, he shoots all the customers in the back.  wow. jesse didn't even use a gun.  they skipped the whole incident.  they edited it out.  they skipped another scene where they killed everybody.  mike, i forgot what happens here.  well, i'm not sure i remember but i think this is where he shoots the prospector in the back then he rides off with the daughter as a hostage.  yeah.  boy, isn't jesse nice to give that girl a ride.  the network took out all the violence just when we were trying to prove a point.  jesse james will be even more of a hero to him now.  maybe bobby had the answer to this himself when he said he'd probably grow out of it.  yeah, maybe you've got a point.  let's just wait and see what happens.  wow. look at jesse ride.  take to start losing essential nutrients.  not long.  ..  half their vitamin c in a week.  that's why green giant freezes them within ..  to lock in nutrients.  . green giant .  ring.  oh yes hi.  can you put my grandma on the phone please.  thanks.  excuse me a sec.  another person calling for her grandmother.  she thinks it's her soup huh.  i'm told she's in the garden picking herbs.  she is so cute.  okay i'll hold.  she's holding. wha.   progresso.  you gotta taste this soup.  there is a medicare benefit that may qualify you for a new power chair or scooter at little to no cost to you.  at the scooter store, we're experts at getting you the scooter or power chair you need.  mc: your power chair will be paid in full.  woman: i didn't pay a penny out of pocket for my power chair.  with help from the scooter store, medicare and my insurance covered it all.  end tag: call the number on your screen for your free information.  .  .  .. oh.  i'm right here.  i'm sorryit's my speech.  i put it right here last night. now it's not here.  it's got to be here.  i've been all over this house.  i've come here to discuss a very delicate matter.  what.  my allowanceyou forgot.  listen, i will give you an extra dollar if you find the speech i lost.  it's on paper just like this.  we'll look here.  you go look around the house.  go tell the others.  do i have to.  yes.  okay.  what.  my allowance.  thanks.  dad could have stuck his speech in his pocket and forgot it.  for a dollar, it's worth a look.  it's not in this one.  not in that one, either.  okay, stick them up, both of you.  now that you've got the bank vault open, just empty it out.  hey, you, beat it.  you're talking to jesse james, partner.  knock it off.  into the bank vault, both you varmints.  i got a better ideayou get in the bank vault, jesse.  no. no.  greg, stop. let me out.  leave him in there for two hours.  ..  bobby: let me out.  boys, what's going on.  the great jesse james just got captured.  okay, joke's over.  come on, split.  bobby: let me out.  let me out.  now, i want this to stop.  am i coming through loud and clear.  ..  no buts.  no more jesse jamesthat's an order.  yes, sir.  chairman, fellow architects and mike brady.  yes.  it gives me great pleasure to tell you that i found your speech.  oh, great, honey.  where'd you find it.  it was in a very strange place.  where.  your briefcase.  ..  i put it in my briefcase when i was doing research at the library the other day.  oh, how dumb.  oh, sweetheart, you are a lifesaver.  mmm.  is that all i get.  what did you expect.  a dollar.  i'd like to check these books in, please.  certainlyi hope they were helpful.  yes, they were, and i finished my research.  we're just delighted when our library can be useful.  yeahuh, i was interested in finding some books on jesse james.  jesse james.  yes, but not novels i'd rather have factual accounts of his life.  mmhmmas a matter of fact we have several good books on his life right over there.  honey, can't we put the light out in the old bunkhouse.  the cattle drive starts early in the morning.  mmhmm.   honey, this cowhand needs a little shuteye.  you know, this is a very interesting book.  it was written by a fellow whose father was killed by jesse james and it's got a whole bunch of eyewitness accounts of the killings in here.  maybe bobby ought to read it.  i got a better idea.  on the flyleaf in the biography of the author it says when this book was written, at any rate he lived in sundale.  that's not far from here, is it.  right.   mr. collins.  yes, sir, that's me.  how do you do.  i'm mike bradycome in.  thanks for coming.  oh, i'm glad to know someone read my book.  i thought i was the only one who bought a copy.  no, it was a very interesting book.  i thoroughly enjoyed it.  i think you can help us with our son, bob.  i've been thinking over what you told me on the phone.  i feel sure i can straighten out your son.  honey, i'd like you to meet mr. collins.  pleasure to meet you.  oh, pleasure to meet you.  if you'll excuse me, i'll get bob.  please sit down.  would you like some coffee.  coffee. no.  i still like mine cooked over an open fire and boiled till it's miserable.  mike: mr. collins, this is our son bob.  bob, this is mr. collins.  oh, hello, son.  i think you'll find this gentleman very interesting.  did you know his father knew jesse james.  he did.  wow, am i glad to meet you.  i hear jesse's a hero of yours.  i wrote a whole composition about him for school.  i wrote a whole book about jesse james only he wasn't a hero to me.  he wasn't.  nope.  jesse james killed my father.  he did.  shot him in the backthat's how he usually shot them.  too cowardly to face them, i guess.  i can't believe that, mr. collins.  he's telling you the truth, bobby.  son, you know the legends. i know the facts.  why don't you tell bob about how it was with your father.  , i was just a little boy at the time.  my father was riding a train to california.  jesse james held it up.  did they have a shootout.  well, it wasn't much of a shootout my father with his face to the wall, his hands in the air and not wearing a gun.  then why did jesse james shoot him.  because that's the kind of man jesse james wasa mean, dirty killer.  my mother used to cry about it in her sleep.  when i was old enough to understand ..  awful nightmares about that train robbery.  collins: because that's the kind of a man jesse james was: a mean, dirty killer... a mean, ..  a mean, dirty killer.   it's great to be going to california.  yeah.  i hear california's really beautiful.  it sounds wonderful.  how long before we get there.  not long, son.  these new trains only take 18 days to get to california.  and that's all the way from arizona.   hands up.  don't anybody move.  it's the worldfamous jesse james.   bobby: jesse james.  i never thought i'd get to meet you.  i said hands up.  everybody throw your purses and wallets in the aisle.  mike: be calm, everybody.  do as he says so nobody gets shot.  bobby: aw, dad, he wouldn't shoot anybody.  jesse james is a real great guy.  he's my hero.  i even wrote a composition about you.  and how you were such a great hero.  sorry it only got a cplus.  all right, now, everybody face the window with your backs to me.  bobby: what do you want them to do that for.  why, so i can shoot them, of course.   .. but this is my family.  that's my dad.  bang.  no. you shot my dad.  bang. bang.  stop. that's my family.  you can't do that.  no, please, stop, jesse.  jesse, stop.   bang. bang.  jesse, no.  don't shoot, please, stop.  jesse, no, no.  bobby, bobby, what's the matter.  you must have had a bad dream.  it was awful.  tell us about it.   it was the worst dream in the whole world.  well, i think i'm as ready as i'll ever be with this speech.   come in.  i'm turning in my guns.  i don't ever want to see another gun again.  good man.  i'm glad to hear it.  you were right about jesse james.  he was a real bad guy.  collins really got through to you, huh.  did it ever.  well, you just have to be careful who you pick for a hero, hmm.  yeah.  next time, whoever he is, he's going to be a real good guy.   get discount.  and the safe driver discount.  and you'll save big on the paidinfull discount.  thank you.  and the antitheft discount.  ah.  and the homeowners discount.  the esign discount, and the paperless discount.  the multifreckle discount.  i'm just making sure you're listening.  and, not to mention the multipolicy discount.  would you like one great big bag or two still pretty big bags.  giving you the gift of savings.  now,that'sprogressive.  call or click today.  good luck on the speech.  it'll be a big hit.  oh, i hope so.  i just wish i had a good joke to start it off with.  i remember a joke that might fit.  it's got to be about architects.  it isit's about this architect who designed a building that had no doors in it at all.  how do you get in.  you just keep running around it and running around it until you're all in.  get it.  goodbye, honey.  hey, wait a minute, you forgot to kiss me.  that's right.  bye, honey.  goodbye.  good luck.    here's the story    of a lovely lady    who was bringing up    three very lovely girls    all of them hadhair of gold    like their mother    the youngest onein curls    it's the storyof a man named brady    who was busy withthree boys of his own    they were four menliving all together    yet they were all alone    till the one day when    the lady met this fellow    and they knew that it was    much more than a hunch    that this group must    somehow form a family    that's the way we all    became the brady bunch    the brady bunch    the brady bunch    that's the way we became      come on, raquel.  everyone's asleep, there's nothing to worry about.   we made it.   shh.  if anyone finds you up here i'm in big, big trouble. )