 he does exist.  they do exist.  .. santa.  there is a medicare benefit that may qualify you for a new power chair or scooter at little to no cost to you.  at the scooter store, we're experts at getting you the scooter or power chair you need.  mc: your power chair will be paid in full.  woman: i didn't pay a penny out of pocket for my power chair.  with help from the scooter store, medicare and my insurance covered it all.  end tag: call the number on your screen for your free information.  ..  .  what.  i got picked to be in the school play about george washington.  hey, congratulations.  well, i'm not exactly in it.  i mean, not as an actor.  what are you going to bethe cheery tree.  i'm in charge of the scenery and special effects.  hey, now that's quite a job.  how did you get picked for that.  well, i'm the only one in school with the most important qualification.  what qualification.  i have a father who's an architect.  ..  will you help me design the scenery.  sure.  how about that.  200 years after the revolution and i get drafted for it.  how'd peter do in the auditions.  he must have done great.  when i left, he was all smiles.  oh, good.  hi.  hey, wait a minute, why the long face.  yeah, i've seen you look happier the day before report cards.  did the audition go well.  miss bailey said i was terrific.  good, for a minute i thought you didn't get the part.  i didn't.  miss bailey said she wanted me to take the harder part.  that's a compliment.  what's the part.  benedict arnold.  it's a smaller part and he even has to die at the end.  that's better than dying at the beginning.  right.  i'm not going to do it.  i'm quitting the play.  ..  peterthat's not like you, honey.  you've never quit anything before.  but i wanted to be george washington.  oh, honey, everybody can't be george washington.  remember that time on your baseball team.  you wanted to be the pitcher but the coach needed you in the outfield.  did you quit.  no.  well, it's the same with miss bailey.  she needs her best players in the right parts.  she must think you could be a very good benedict arnold.  i guess i could.  unlessyouthink the part is too hard for you.  are you kidding.  i can do it easy.  general washington, i, benedict arnold place myself under your command.  that's the spirit, benedict.  you go do your homework and i'll keep an eye out for the redcoats.  is that the way you want the clouds, jan.  yeah, that's good, dark and gloomy.  what are you painting, cindy.  i'm painting the moon.  i already did the moon.  i'm fixing it up.  what did you do that for.  i think everybody should have a nice day even george washington.   .. how's it going.  how's it look.  greatbut aren't the waves kind of high.  because you won't be able to see the boat behind them.  well, there's only one thing to do: either we raise the boat or we lower the delaware.  hi.  hi.  well, what do you think.  it looks exactly like the boat that's in the picture of george washington.  yeah, well, not exactly.  this boat has one thing that washington's didn't.  what.  roller skates.    "my commander, general clinton "of the british fifth army " " " "i refer to the money for the plans to west point"the key to the american defenses.  "i trust the british "don't expect them for nothing.  "if i, general benedict arnold "hero of the battle of ticonderoga "is going to betray his country "he expects to be paid for it " " "there'll be no discussion.  " .  that's british money, dummy.  major andre was a british officer.  : oh, i see.  "lower you voice, sir.  "if you were discovered on american soil " " "turning traitor doesn't come easy to me, major " that's terrific.  you were great, general arnold.  and you weren't bad either, major andre.  thanks, old chap.  but the major's cutting out for a spot of milk.  benedict arnold's not an easy part to play.  that's probably why miss bailey wanted you to play it.  it was like you said: not everybody can be george washington.  some guys are better in the outfield.  and george washington wouldn't have been a very good outfielder either.  why.  he barely got that dollar across the potomac.  lower your voice, sir.  if you were discovered on american soil it can mean both our necks.  hi, peter, what are you doing.  studying my script.  i'm in the school play.  oh, that's wonderful.  i'm playing benedict arnold.  benedict arnold.  yeah, it's a great part.  well, it is if you like being a traitor.  steve, what's up.  we're getting up a ball game.  come on.  i'll be over right after rehearsal.  i'm in the school play.  yeah, what part did you get.  benedict arnold.  benedict arnold.   very funny.  save me a place on the team, will you.  what for, so you can throw the game, benedict.  "there'll be no discussion.  " " "lower your voice.  "if you were discovered on american soil " " "a small price to assure " anyway, i might not even sell the plans after all.  peter, that's not in the script.  the line is "turning traitor doesn't come easy to me, " miss bailey, does benedict arnold have to be a traitor.  what.  i mean, wouldn't it be better if major andre stole the plans and we made benedict arnold the good guy.  peter, we can't rewrite the american revolution.  according to all the history books benedict arnold was a traitor.  but the books could be wrong.  there wasn't anybody in the room but the two guys when it happened.  why can't we give the american the benefit of the doubt.  peter, i think we'd better stick with the script.  well, that's enough for today.  cast dismissed till tomorrow.  what are you trying to domake me the rat for stealing the plans.  major andre could have done it.  that was a crummy trick.  when they picked you to be the traitor they really picked the right guy.  oh, yeah.  ..  come here.  what happened.  where'd you get that bloody nose.  at rehearsal.  were you rehearsing the boston massacre.  i got in a fight with one of the guys.  i'm getting fed up with everybody teasing me calling me a traitor all the guys booing and hissing me.  pete, don't let it get you down.  it's just a part in a play.  well, miss bailey can get someone else to play benedict arnold.  you're not quitting, are you.  you'd better believe it.  you can't quit, you promised mom and dad.  oh, yeah, i did, didn't i.  okay, i won't quit.  that a boy.  i've got a better idea.  i'll get myself thrown out of the play.  get discount.  and the safe driver discount.  and you'll save big on the paidinfull discount.  thank you.  and the antitheft discount.  ah.  and the homeowners discount.  the esign discount, and the paperless discount.  the multifreckle discount.  i'm just making sure you're listening.  and, not to mention the multipolicy discount.  would you like one great big bag or two still pretty big bags.  giving you the gift of savings.  now,that'sprogressive.  call or click today.  just ask me.  there are over 4 million tempurpedic owners.  and they're more satisfied than owners of any traditional mattress brand.  ask me why i feel better every morning.  ask me why someone who's never had an ache or a pain is in love with this bed.  start asking real owners.  ask me how we took the first step...  take the first step.  call today for your free information kit with dvd.  call the number on your screen or visit tempurpedic.com.  tempurpedic.  the most highly recommended bed in america.   thank you, general arno.  my commander, general clinton of the british fifth army sends his compliments.  go on, peter, you have the next line.  i'm sorry, miss bailey.  can you give me the first word.  " .. is, uh, uh...  ..  can you give me the second word.  " is that all he sent, major.  i don't understand, sir.  ..  ..  what's the name of the place.  west point, dumdum.  peter, what is wrong.  you were fine up until now.  i guess it's because i'm reading out of my script.  my memory's just no good.  oh, you're probably just having a little attack of nerves, that's all.  suppose i get a big attack the night of the play.  maybe you should get someone else.  let me have your script, peter.  i don't blame you for taking away my part, miss bailey.  if i can't remember my lines i shouldn't be in the play.  peter, come here.  this is an old actor's trick.  now, we just paste your lines on top of these plans to west point.  then if you get stuc i'll bet you never thought of that.  no, i didn't.  coming to breakfast.  i'll be down in a couple of minutes.  pete, look, if you're still trying to get out of that play, forget it.  there's no way out.  there's got to be a way out.  ow. ow. ow.  ow. ow.  carol: peter.  peter, are you all right.  i tripped over the skate and twisted my ankle.  let me see.  what do you think.  i don't know.  the skin's not broken.  there doesn't seem to be swelling.  maybe you ought to stay home from school today.  no, no, i don't want to miss rehearsal for the play.  i'll be okay.  you sure.  yeah.  bailey: all right now, girls, you try on your costumes and boys, we'll try the valley forge scene.  hi, miss bailey, sorry i'm late.  peter, what happened to you.  well, there was this roller skate in my room and while i was practicing my lines, i tripped over it.  oh, i'm sorry.  does it hurt.  the pain's not bad.  it's just that i can't walk without this limp so i guess i'm out of the show.  i wouldn't dream of letting you go.  you don't want a benedict arnold who limps.  peter, didn't you know.  benedict arnold was wounded at the battle of saratoga.  he had a limp for the rest of his life.  he did.  which leg.  the same one as yours.  isn't that lucky.  yeah, really lucky.  okay, i think we're about ready for winter at valley forge.  okay, here goes.  ..  i'm beginning to feel cold already.  jan. telephonemiss bailey from school.  oh, she probably wants to know about the sets for dress rehearsal.  now, be careful, honey.  hi.  aren't you home from rehearsal a little bit early.  : i can't talklaryngitis.  that's sudden, when did it happen.  during rehearsal.  will you be able to perform in the play.  miss bailey's getting someone else.  what luck.  that's tough, pete especially after all the time you put in on it.  i better go gargle or something.  his laryngitis seems to have cured his ankle.  yeah, i noticed that, too.  what's the matter, jan.  well, the play is off because peter has laryngitis.  miss bailey said to stop making the sets because she can't find a replacement in time.  did you tell peter that.  no, i didn't have the heart to.  it would make him feel worse if he knew that.  let's see how much worse.   come in.  : i was just going to go gargle.  peter, you must really feel bad about having to drop out of the play this way.  oh, yeah, real bad.  peter, this morning it was your ankle. this afternoon it's laryngitis.  now, i want you to level with us.  you don't want to be in that play, do you.  no, i don't.  why, peter.  you said you'd be the best benedict arnold ever.  well, you don't know what it's been likeeverybody riding me booing and hissing me because i'm playing a traitor.  because you dropped out, the whole play is off.  miss bailey can get someone else.  no, honey, she can't.  there isn't enough time.  gee, i never thought that'd happen.  yes, and you let a whole lot of people down, too, you knowall those kids who worked on the show and miss bailey even the audience.  that's pretty much what the real benedict arnold did.  i never thought of it that way.  yes, but that's the way it is, isn't it, peter.  yeah, if i don't play the part of a traitor, i'll be a traitor.  well, that's just about it.  i'm here to discuss the terms, old chap.  there will be no discussion.  the price is 10,000, major andre.  that's a lot of money, general.  lower your voice, sir.  if you were discovered on american soil it could mean both our necks.  but 10,000, general arnold.  a small price to ensure the capture of west point by the british.  turning traitor doesn't come easy to me and it won't come cheap to the british armies.  very good, boys.  draw the curtain, please.   donna, your speech comes now.  major andre was captured and convicted as a spy but what of benedict arnold who fled to the english side to serve against his country for the rest of the war.  we take you now to a country home in england 21 years later.   i fear the end is near.  it grows darker, ever darker.  but my poor, dear husband.  .. who goes there.  give me the password.  his mind wanders in his last moments.  benedict, it is your wife, peggy.  do you not recognize my voice.  yes, it is peggy.  my mind plays me tricks.  i'm going fast.  oh, my dear beloved.  my life passes before me.  once again i am bargaining with major andre for the price of my betrayal.  oh, forgive me.  i die a broken man.  he sleeps at last.  i can't sleep.  i am haunted by the nightmare of my past.  oh, forgive me.  i forgive you.  .. i beg forgiveness of george washington and the united states of america to whom i pledge my allegiance for now and evermore.  wife, wouldst give me my old uniform.  on the instant, dear heart.  honey, peter forgot to take his boots off after that last scene.  i guess he wants to die with his boots on.  here it is, dear spouse, your old uniform.  thank you, wife.   may god forgive me for ever putting on another uniform.  he is gone.  benedict arnold is no more.  that's fine, children.  i just hope our performance goes as well tomorrow night.   ladies and gentlemen i want to thank you all for being here brady for helping us with our sets and to mrs. dineen for her work on the costumes.  thank you.   hey.  well, how was i.  aw, you were terrific.  you were just great.  miss bailey, you did a wonderful job with the kids.  oh, thank you.  you deserve credit, too.  how did you ever get peter over his laryngitis so quickly.  well, we used an old family remedy.  i'll bet i knowthat dreadful stuff you have to mix something sweet with to get it down.  no, miss bailey, dad just gave it to me straight.  mike.  i, george washington, your commander in chief command you to row for the far shore.  will you cut that out, pete.  you're benedict arnold in that play.  i know, but i still think i could have done a great george washington.  i can just see myself standing on the bow of the boat crossing the delaware.  i, george washington, your commander in chief command you to row for the far shore.  uh, general, you know there's one thing missing.  what's that.  the spray of water in your face.     here's the story    of a lovely lady    who was bringing up    three very lovely girls    all of them hadir ogold    like their mother    the youngest onein curls    it's the storyof a man named brady    who was busy withthree boys of his own    they were four menliving all together    yet they were all alone    till the one day when    the lady met this fellow    and they knew that it was    much more than a hunch    that this group must    somehow form a family    that's the way we all    became the brady bunch    the brady bunch    the brady bunch    that's the way we became       oh, boy.  mm, that meat loaf does smell good.  yeah, and it will be just perfect for marcia after her visit to the dentist.  last time i went to the dentist the only thing i could chew was ice cream.    marcia, are you all right.  mmhmm.  are you in pain.  pain.  you did go to the dentist today didn't you.  mmhmm.  i don't know what he gave her but i'd like some.  gordon say about your teeth.  dr. gordon.  oh, he's on vacation in europe.  i saw dr. vogel.  dr. stanley vogel.  oh, you should see him.  he is far out.  dr. vogel must be dr. gordon's new associate.  mmhmm.  he has dark, gorgeous hair, dreamy eyes groovy bellbottomed pants.  neat shoes.  he plays the best rock and roll music in his office.  what does he use on your teeth.  a guitar pick.  what did dr. vogel say about your teeth.  my teeth.  oh, he liked them.  that's nice.  and the best part is thursday.  what's thursday.  i get to go back for my filling.   vogel sounds like )