 yeah, this will solve the whole problem, ed.  kids have their phone in the family room i have mine here in my den.  after you hear from harry call me up and tell me what time we tee off.  : call me anytimei'm the master of my fate and the captain of my phone.  yeah, goodbye.   come in.  hi, it's your sammy boy.  watch it with that meat cleaver.  you don't have to prove you're a butcher.  hi, sam.  hi, mr. brady.  say, that was a great roast we had the other night.  thanks, this ain't a bad little lamb chop right here, either.  ready to go.  sure, soon as i get this in a cast.  well, if an inch isn't short enough shorten it another inch.  you've got nice knees.  it's marthadid you want to use the phone.  oh, of course noti've got two phones.  good, martha can't figure out what to do with her knees.  oh, i forgot, i'm supposed to call marty.  since mike has his own phone, you've never seen a happier man.  okay, okay, harv, but this is my last offer for your bike.  i'll add my baseball mitt my autographed picture of raquel welch and my pet white rabbit.  i think that's a real good deal for you, harv.  greg.  yeah, dad.  you're supposed to use the other phone unless it's an emergency.  well, this is an emergency.  if i don't unload that rabbit in a hurry we're going to have dozens of them.  ..  and besides, mom's using our phone.  okay, okay, finish your call.  maybe your mother's through on the other phone but just this once.  all right.  of course you could always bleach your freckles, dory but sometimes it does something funny to your face.  i don't see what's wrong with freckles.  i've got lots of them.  is there something wrong, dad.  isn't this the phone i'm to use.  yeah, yeah, it's the phone you're supposed to use.  i guess i'll just have to get greg off the other phone.  well, if you insist on bleaching them, dory, don't use too much or you'll wind up with white freckles instead of brown ones.  jerry, i didn't say the new math wasn't hard.  i said you should stop mixing up the old math with the new math.  some kids just haven't got it up here.  yeah, like, for example, kids who have been told not to use their father's phone.  listen, suppose somebody's trying to reach me right now on business.  you said it's okay if it's an emergency.  he'll flunk math if i don't talk to him.  that makes it an emergency for him, not for you.  he's my best friend, and if he flunks his dad will get real mad at him.  he's not a swell guy like you.  none of that stuff.  oh, all right, maybe you better help jerry.  hurry up.  thanks, dad.  i just said the new math wasn't hard.  you should stop mixing up ..  phyllis, believe me if george wilson deliberately ignored you twice today in school that's the best, the greatest the most definite sign of interest.  now, take my word for it if george ignores you for two or three more days that proves he's crazy about you.   now, don't worry.  just make sure to be at the benches by recess.   and that's the way it's going to be from now on.  no more excuses and no more emergencies because the phone in my den is for my use and for mother's use exclusively.  now, you kids have this phone in here and that's the one you use.  okay, is that clear now, huh.  good.  let's hope that solves the phone problem.  i'm sure it will.  i'm telling you, harv, you'll never get an offer like this the rest of your life.  will you get off the phone.  dory's waiting for my call.  shut up.  how can i talk with everybody screaming in my ear.   from bad to worse to impossible.  honey, i have an idea.  will you listen to me, harv.  now, i'll go over the deal once more.  believe me, this is my final offer so listen carefully.  hold on a sec.  what gives.  that's how much time you're allowed on the phone.  when the sand runs out it's goodbye, charlie.  i'm talking to harvey.  then it's goodbye, harvey.  oh, harv, listen, my time's limited so you're going to have to make up your mind right away.  on the other hand ..   ..  ...dollars and no cents.  phone bill.  .. carol.  carol.  yes, dear.  what is it.  what's the matter.  oh, you look sickdo you feel faint.  put your head between your knees.  look at this bill.  well, it's the phone bill.  take a look at the grand total this month.  oh, no.  oh, yesi thought that was the national debt.  maybe i better be running along.  something in the kitchen may be boiling or freezing or something.  we'd like you to see this, too.  oh, it's terrible.  it's impossible.  it's that second phone.  the total calls alonethere are five times as many as we're allowed.  those kids use that phone constantly and we have got to do something drastic.  like what.  get them to start writing letters.  alice.  sorry.  excuse me while i show this bill to a certain group of children.  here you are, mrs. pfeiffer.  that chicken is guaranteed to melt in your mouth.  and how is my favorite little filet today, huh.  you raised your tongueyou ought to be arrested for charging those prices for something that can't talk.  you got a lot of nerve, looking down your nose at my tongue.  that's a good one, huh, alice.  is that supposed to be a new york cut.  what race did it run in.  hey, hey, something's wrong.  when you start to criticize sam's meat something is definitely wrong.  now, suppose you tells old sam all about it.  something's wrong, all right.  here, i'll go put this sign up on the door.  then we can talk.  now, why don't you let old sam put a smile back on your face, huh.  oh, stop it.  hey, boy, you really are upset.  you bet your sweet pig's knuckles i am.  come on, we'll sit back here and relax.  on a crate.  this isn't a furniture store.  i'm sorry.  hey, put it right thereno splinters.  now, why don't you just spill it all out.  big sam is listening.  well, i get upset when there's a problem at the brady house and right now we've got a beaut.  maybe you're just making a meatloaf out of a hamburger.  it's pretty bad, all right.  brady's been getting phone bills that are driving him right up the wall.  he's upset with the kids and that's making mrs. brady upset.  brady upset and the kids upset, i get upset.  i'll tell you, sam we got more upset than you got meat.  you know something, alice.  you got a bigger heart than a cow.  sam, you sure know how to make a girl feel good.  when did you get that.  what. you see something you like.  this thing.  oh, the pay phone.  some time last weeki had to.  my customers kept using my phone all the time.  " : "do you mind if i make a call." the profits were all going right down the draina dime here, a dime there.  a dime here.  what.  a dimelend me a dime.  you just gave me a great idea.  there go the profits again.  could switching to geico really save you 15% or more on car insurance.  host: does charlie daniels play a mean fiddle.  . fiddle music .  charlie:hat's how you do it son.  15 minutes could saveyou 15% or more on car insurance.  carol: alice.  hi, mrs. brady, kids.  alice, what's this big thing on the wall.  what's what thing on what wall.  this big thing over here.  oh, oh, that thing.  yes, that thing.  what is it.  wait a minute, i remember now.  brady called a while ago and he said something about a big surprise but he wants everybody to wait till he gets home to unwrap it.  unwrap what.  now, come on, alice, what is it.  excuse me, i think i smell something burning.  i better go take a look at my liver.   well, i guess we'll just have to wait to find out.  everybody ready.  why don't you let the little kids up front where they can see.  come on, sweetheart.  there.  there.  that's better.  all right.  we all know in the past that the telephone problem has been absolutely impossible.  it hasn't bothered me.  me neither.  it's bothered me and it's bothered our household budget.  fortunately, i have the solution to the problem and this is ittadum.  hey, that looks like a pay telephone.  mike: itisa pay telephone.  that looks like arealpay phone.  preciselydidn't you notice the other phone was gone.  hey, itisgone.  i don't dig.  what's the point.  the point is this pay phone is for all you kids and the household budget stops taking a beating.  from now on, you will given an addition to your allowance for two calls per day.  after that, any call you make will be deducted from your regular allowance.  did you say two calls a day.  the rest comes out of your allowance.  but i average at least ten.  then there goes your allowance.  this pay phone will teach you not to monopolize the phone and to be especially careful about toll calls.  incidentally, did you know that every call you make to martha is a toll call.  you don't expectme to use that thing.  if you're very good you can use my phone in the den.  thanks a lot.  peter:.  even when you're arrested you get to make one call.  yeah, and that one you make to your lawyer.  come on, let's go tell them how we feel.  we don't want a pay phone.  you can't lie on the floor and talk.  that'll shorten your calls.  well, suppose we promised to be more careful.  sorry, son, we tried discussion. we tried egg timers. we tried even threats.  nothing worked.  that's right, greg.  now you use the pay phone.  ..  sorry, marcia.  maybe this is going to solve the problem.  dismissed.   do you know how hard it is to get a pay phone.  do you know all the red tape i had to go through with the phone company.  do you know how much this will cost.  .. six kids... $1.20...  $36 a month.  that's more than our phone bill was last month.  who says it's permanent.  if it accomplishes the problem we'll return it and go back to the regular phone.  i guess it's worth a try.  sure, sure.   who could be calling on a pay phone.  hello.  i think you better dial again.  wrong number.  i assume it's the wrong number.  we're not o'brien's taco and tamale shop, are we.  hey, marcia.  listen, i got to make a telephone call.  you got change for a quarter.  yep, but i wouldn't part with it if my life depended on it.  : thanks a lot.  but, peter, i just need a dime to make a call and i'll give the money right back.  do you want to be known as a selfish brother.  a rich one.   butmypiggy bank's empty.  well, that's yourtough luck.  get off me.  look, martha, i can't worry any more about your dress.  i've got my own problems trying to find dimes and nickels for the kids.  well, if it's that short now, then wear it as a belt.  now, martha, i did not mean to be sarcastic.  .. excuse mehi, dear.  ask me what's new.  listen, excuse me, martha.  mike just walked in.  .. uh, listen, honey you look like you're just bursting with news.  crawford to discuss the multimilliondollar factory complex i helped design.  i have to call to set up a meeting in about five minutes.  that's wonderful.  ..  martha.  now, martha, i told you i didn't mean to ..  oh, martha, it's nothing to cry over.  : martha...  martha. martha.  oh, mike, i think i've hurt her feelings.  she's off crying and we're still connected.  here, let me try.  martha.  hello, martha.  no dial tone or anythingjust distant sobs.  martha.  30 and you don't keep multimillionaires waiting.  martha, come back. mike has to use the phone.  i'll use the phone in the other room.  ..   .. martha.  hi, sam.  good evening, mr. brady.  sam got here early.  he's taking me to a movie tonight.  somebody has to take her.  it's one of them pictures with an "r" rating and she ain't 16 yet.  have fun, kids.   hello, mr. crawford.  woman : who's calling, please.  this is michael brady. he's expecting my call.  mr. crawford's on another line.  would you wait, please.  uh, certainly.  man: mr. brady.  yesmr. crawford.  i'm sorry, sir, this is mr. crawford's secretary.  mr. crawford had to take a london call.  he'll be with you in a few moments.  well, i'll wait if i may.   man 2: hello.  mr. crawford.  yes, this is crawford.  this is michael brady.  oh, yesthe plans for the new factory complex.  are they complete.  yes, sir, they are.  i thought we might discuss them over dinner.  do you like the candlelight room at the royal hotel.  finebest food in town.  nothing but the best when you're discussing multimilliondollar deals.  that's our firm's policy.  operator: deposit another ten cents, please.  ten cents.  did i hear an operator asking for ten cents.  mr. crawford, you just hang on for a minute.  : i know i've got a dime here somewhere.  crawford, be right with you.  mr. crawford, you still there.  carol, alice, help.  i need another dime.  a dime.  the kids cleaned us out of change.  well, wait a minute.  i got dimes.  yeah.  yeah.  here you go, help yourself.  alice: no wonder the kids couldn't find any dimesyou had them all.  oh, alice.  what happened, dear.  the operator cut me off.  oh, darling.  well, call him back, mr. brady.  here's plenty of dimes.  crawford and explain @ why i was discussing a multimilliondollar deal and couldn't deposit another ten cents.  on the other hand, what have i got to lose.  right.  come on.  wait, i want to hear how it comes out.  come on.  it wasmydime.  hello, mr. crawford, this is mike brady again.  brady, i'm not accustomed to doing business with a company which has to use pay telephones.  mr. crawford, the pay phone is in my house.  your house.  that doesn't exactly restore my faith in you or your company, mr. brady.  now, if you'll excuse me, i have other calls waiting.  mr. crawford, let me explain.  you see, i have six children.  i could never use my own phone and they were running bills up that were out of sight.  a pay phone in your house.. um, that's a very interesting idea.  i have three teenagers of my own and i know what you mean.  tell me something: has the pay phone solved your problem.  oh, yes, it's worked finewith the single exception of my phone call to you.  well, maybe that worked fine, too.  did you say the candlelight room of the royal hotel.  yes, sir, you name the day.  uh, friday at 8:00 would be fine.  i'll see you then.   we're all set.  oh, mike, that's marvelous.  ..   that silly box.  and as a progressive customer, our concierge claim centers.  so i can just drop off my car and you'll take care of everything.  yep, even the rental.  what if i'm stuck at the office.  if you can't come to us, we'll come to you in one of our immediate response vehicles.  what if mother won't let me drive.  then you probably wouldn't have had an accident in the first place.  and we're walkin'.  ..  making it all a bit easier now that's progressive.  call or click today.  in a few minutes you'll never be able to tell there was a phone attached here.  the kids are thrilled to have their regular phone back and they've learned a very valuable lesson.  i'm surprised you took out the pay phone, mr. brady.  it brought you good luck in that big deal with mr. crawford.  mike: it certainly did.  in fact, i think it might have been the pay phone that clinched it.  seems a shame you took it out.  alice, if you get lonesome for a pay phone i can give you the address of a home that's got one.  mr. crawford.  you better believe it.    here's the story of a lovely lady    who was bringing up three very lovely girls    all of them had hair of gold, like their mother      it's the story of a man named brady    who was busy with three boys of his own    they were four men living all together      till the one day when the lady met this fellow    and they knew that it was much more than a hunch    that this group must somehow form a family    that's the way they all became the brady bunch    the brady bunch, the brady bunch    that's the way they becamethe brady bunch.     tv narrator: and so, cinderella lived happily ever after in spite of all the terrible things her mean stepmother made her do like cleaning the chimney and sweeping out the fireplace.  now, next week, boys and girls...  who cares.  why did you turn it off.  maybe it wasn't over about cinderella.  when they talk about next week it's over.  i loved cinderella.  didn't you.  no.  why not.  the whole thing about that mean stepmotherboy, they can be mean.  you're lucky, on account of havingmymother foryourstepmother.  she's not mean.  so far.  well, i'm not worried, and i got a stepfather.  whoever heard of a mean stepfather.  it's only the mother who's famous for mean.  now, do you think my mother would ever do all the rotten things cinderella's stepmother did.  no, i guess not.  bobby, dear, would you do me a favorsave alice some work and clean out the fireplace.  theveggies with ragu, your kids geta full serving of veggies they'll actually eat.  all natural ragu.  feed our kids well. )