 hey, sam, what can i do for you.  well, you see, i have this friend ..  oh.  anybody we know.  no, no, just a friend of mine.  but anyway, he doesn't have a lot of loot so he's looking around for some nice lowcost housing.  i see.  uh, well, sam, now, this friend of yours hi, sam. hi, reverend.  hi, kids.  hi, greg, how are you.  what brings you by.  alice asked us to stop by after school to pick up her order.  oh, fine, i'll be right with you.  how's the family.  fine, thanks.  good.  any good weddings lately, reverend.  seems like i'm tying more knots than a troop of boy scouts, greg.  do you have any more coming up soon.  you never know, marcia.  seems like it's open season on grooms.  yup, one never knows, huh, reverend.  let's see, that will be $3.50.  that much.  well, like they say " like they also say, "do not covet thy neighbor's " byebye, reverend.  i'll get alice's order for you.  thanks, sam.  this really cinches it, greg.  the reverend is proof positive.  cindy, it doesn't necessarily mean anything just because you saw alice coming out of standell's dress shop.  yes, but marcia and jan heard her say the dress is for " that's exactly what she told sam over the phone.  and what about reverend melbourne at sam's butcher shop.  what do you think, mike.  there's also that phone call i got from sam today.  what did he want.  he wanted my help in finding a house for a friend who was getting married soon.  people always say "a friend" when talking about themselves and don't want anybody to know.  that's what i always say.  sam almost let the word "elopement" slip out.  know something.  if this were a trial we've got enough evidence for a conviction.  right. alice is guilty of marriage.  alice and sam.  hey, maybe we can buy our meat wholesale now.  there's still one thing about this elopement we don't know: when is it going to take place.  excuse me, folks.  ..  is anything wrong.  .. not at all, alice.  what makes you say that.  well, the way you were staring at me i thought maybe i'd left my face in the other room.  alice, you look positively radiant.  your eyes are twinkling and your cheeks are glowing.  you'll make a beautiful bride.  uh, someday.  yeah, sure, someday.  what i wanted to ask you, folks is it okay if i take saturday night off.  this saturday.  yeah.  any special reason, alice.  yeah. sam and i are in a big bowling tournament.  bowling, huh.   that's what the lady saidbowling.  bowling.   she said bowling.  bowling.  bowling.  bowling.  oh, bowling.  what's so funny about the word "bowling" lately.  alice, of course you can have saturday night off.  in fact, you can have the whole day off.  alice, we couldn't be happier about your bowling date.   what's that tune bobby's trying to play.  it sounds vaguely familiar.  alice, if you're thinking of the wedding march it doesn't sound like it to me.  i think i better get him before the neighbors do.  honest, alice.  it doesn't sound a thing like the wedding march.   you know, i also think alice should take a week or so off for the honeymoon.  we'll insist.  first thing in the morning i'll call the employment agency and try to get a temporary replacement.  .. you don't think alice will leave us after she's married, do you.  no, no, i think she would have told us by now.  well, what puzzles me is why alice doesn't tell us about the elopement.  maybe she and sam think we'd make a big deal.  of course we'd make a big deal out of it.  alice means a great deal to us.  but honey, maybe they don't want a big reception.  it doesn't have to be a big reception.  just a small family reception.  ..  uhhuh. i kind of figured you were.  boy, are sam and alice going to be surprised when they walk in on their own wedding reception.  . i was getting depressedbecause of all the .  . had a poor credit score and the number ....  thunder clap after three years, we're saying goodbye to this band.  and with your help, we're saying hello to a new one.  for more information on the search for ..  ...or to check your 2010 credit score visit...  ...freecreditscore.com.  offer applies with enrollment in triple advantage.  anything special you want me to add to the shopping list.  you might just get a couple extra packages of rice, alice.   you go right ahead.  i'll get it.   mrs. brady.  yes.  i'm gladys harris.  the employment agency referred me for the housekeeping job.  oh, yes, the agency said they'd phone before they'd send anyone over.  oh, i'm afraid that's my fault.  i just happened to be in the area so i thought i'd drop by.  i hope it's not inconvenient.  not at all, in fact you have splitsecond timing, mrs. harris.  you have a lovely home.  thank you.  i hope you know the job is temporary.  our housekeeper will just be gone a week or so.  i understand.  are there any special requirements.  no, just the usual: housekeeping, cleaning, laundry.  i guess i should mention the fact we have six children.  .. well, that's a lot of diapers under the bridge.  happily, that's all behind.   i like you.  why don't i show you the rest of the house.  i think you'll find the kitchen quit practical.  alice.  ..  i forgot the shopping list.  ..  hello.  mrs. harris, mrs. harris, this is alice nelson.  alice nelson, this is mrs. harris.  harris here is an old friend of the family.  a what.  how are jim and the kids, huh.  ..  i'll bet the boys have children of their own by now, don't they.  how is mary jane.  i'd better be going, old friend.  ..  uh, i can't wait to get together again relive those good old days.  good old days, fantastic.  give my love to everybody.  bye.   listen, alice bowling balls make great gifts.  not for a newly married couple.  sam, nobody wants to strike out on their honeymoon.  come on, alice, what do you got against bowling balls.  they're just not sentimental.  well, that might hold true for your ordinary runofthemill, bowling ball but this is a matched set: his and hers.  that's as about as romantic gift as a year's supply of chalk for their fingers.  as it turns out, chalk was second on my list.  that figures.  now, listen, alice you can holler about my being late gripe about my high meat prices hate my neckties, but when it comes to bowling have a little respect.  i've got respect for bowling .. two bowling balls.  if clara drops our present she'll go on her honeymoon with ten broken toes.  also, anybody who thinks that bowling balls make a rotten wedding gift doesn't have a whole lot of taste.  well, is that so.  yeah.  well, as far as i'm concerned clara can elope without me sunday.  as far as i'm concerned you don't have to go bowl with me saturday night.  well, as far as i'm concerned, i won't.  hmm.  and as for a couple of other things let me tell you this, mr. sam the butcher.  umhmm.  you're always late your prices are too high and that is the ugliest necktie i ever saw.   you'll get this, alice.  now, this might be the ideal home for alice and sam.  it's moderately priced and it's wellbuilt.  excuse me.  what is it, alice.  remember i asked you for saturday night off.  certainly.  in fact, we got to talking about that and we decided what you really need is a week off, maybe two.  two weeks for a bowling match.  well, bowling can be a pretty strenuous sport, alice.  i don't understand.  well, the important thing is that we understand.  well, then maybe you'll understand what i'm about to say.  i don't even need saturday off.  why not.  sam and i had a fight and the bowling date's off.  you broke your bowling date.  .. that is the worst thing i've ever heard in my life.  well, i appreciate your concern but it's only a bowling date.  but it's a very important bowling date.  well, that's the way the pins fall.  anyway, sam's not the best fish in the ocean.  of course, i'm not the best bait, either.  oh, mike.  alice is really sorry about everything.  did she say so.  you can read it on her face.  sam, you got to take alice bowling.  mmm, no, i'm sorry.  alice has to make the first move.  sorry, sam has got to make the first move.  but what if he doesn't.  then i just won't go bowling with him.  we're not just talking about bowling.  we're talking aboutbowling.  oh, i thought you were talking about bowling.  no, the ball is now in sam's alley.  but, alice, he was meant for you and you understand him.  i understand this turkey, too but that doesn't mean i have to go bowling with it.  honey, i'm sorry alice and sam had that argument but i really don't think we should meddle.  not even one little teeny meddle.  what kind did you have in mind.  the kind where you invite sam over alice opens the door and skyrockets go off.  that only happens on the 4th of july.  besides, i don't have any reason to invite sam over.  you said you would let him know about lowcost housing.  that's before he and alice had the argument.  sam doesn't know you know that information was for himself and not for a friend.  he'll think i know.  yeah, but as long as he thinks that you know that he knows ..  you're about three thinks i know ahead of me.  i mean, i don't know.  i don't think i know.  do you know.  no.  ..  hmm.  couldn't you just call sam and invite him over.  .. okay, maybe if we're this confused he'll be too confused to refuse.    yes.  i came to see mr. brady.  whom shall i say is calling.  you know darn well whom is calling.  oh, now i recognize you.  listen to who's talking.  you've got a tongue sharp enough to slice salami.  what happened to the skyrockets.  well, sometimes they fizzle out.  thank you.  now, if you'll be good enough to announce me.  skip the formality, sam.  just let me have the meat order and then you can be on your way to the sporting goods store to pick up those his and hers bowling balls.  for your information bowling balls are out this season.  and, uh, electric mixers are in.  electric mixers.  electric mixers.  now, that's romantic.  .. so's this.  there's a little something special in here for you, alice.  four extra lamb chops in pink panties.   oh, sam, it couldn't be better if it was 14karat gold.  listen, meat is more expensive than gold today.  well, i just couldn't figure another way to say i was sorry.  i'm sorry, too, sam.  well, then, everything's on again for saturday night.  everything, just like we planned it.  great, great.  .. lovely necktie.  oh, thanks, alice.  there go your skyrockets.  well, folks, this is it.  it sure is, alice.  biggest night of my life.  yeah, the big matchup, huh, sam.  boy, if i survive tonight, there'll be no stopping me.  i'll be right there keeping score.   ppy bowling.  alice, you relax.  we'll keep the house tidy.  we'll only be gone a little while.  unless i strike out in the first match.  then we'll be home sooner.  now, alice, you take all the time you need.  thanks, but sam can never stay awake after we've been bowling.   let's get at it.  , sam.  take care of our girl, will you.  sure thing, mr. brady.  we'll be back in a couple of hours.  bye.  bye.  be back in a couple of hours.  we've got to get everything ready by then.  we better get a move on.  thanks, sam, that was a lot of fun.  yeah, it was.  we sure took the starch out of that laundry team.  how about a cup of coffee.  maybe half a cup.  we got to get up early tomorrow for my cousin clara's elopement.  surprise. surprise.  all: surprise. surprise.   carol: champagne toast.  sam: thank you.  mike: to the newlyweds.  i'll drink to that.  who got married.  bowling date, huh.  to alice and sam.  alice and sam.  us.  alice, we couldn't be happier.  kids: speech, speech.  well, i'm sorry, i don't have a speech for this occasion mostly on account of there is no occasion.  what do you mean, alice.  didn't you and sam elope tonight.  we never even shook hands.  what made you think we got married.  circumstantial evidence.  i got it. i bet they confused us with my cousin clara.  clara.  yeah, clara is going to elope tomorrow and sam and i are going to stand up for the bride and groom.   oh, no...  ..  i think we goofed.  oh, please accept our apologies.  oh, we'll accept your apologies.  i'll also accept more champagne.   okay, coming up.  thank you.  ..  alice, say no more.  folks, i have a very important announcement to make.  ..  ..  advanced to the finals in the bowling tournament.   carol: it's a party anyway. come on.     where is the device.  ..  wait. the release is on my watch.   it's movie time.  with a wii twist.  netflix now delivers unlimited movies instantly through wii.  plus dvds by mail.alfor only 9 bucks a month.  there is a medicare benefit that may qualify you for a new power chair or scooter at little to no cost to you.  at the scooter store, we're experts at getting you the scooter or power chair you need.  mc: your power chair will be paid in full.  woman: i didn't pay a penny out of pocket for my power chair.  with help from the scooter store, medicare and my insurance covered it all.  end tag: call the number on your screen for your free information.  cousin clara never looked prettier.   it was the nicest elopement i ever went to.  it must have been to move you so.  ..  we're engaged.  alice, congratulations.  that's wonderful.  when's the big day.  i've got sam pretty well pinned down now.  the place, the hour, the date.  there's just one thing he won't commit to.  what. what's that.  the century.     here's the story    of a lovely lady    who was bringing up    three very lovely girls    all of them hadhair of gold    like their mother    the youngest onein curls    it's the storyof a man named brady    who was busy withthree boys of his own    they were four menliving all together    yet they were all alone  )