 yes, i would.  are you sure that's what you want to do.  positive.   hello.  .. just a minute, please.  marcia, it's for you.  it's jeff.  jeff, i'm not interested in anything that you have tsay ..  what.  you just dated her to get even.  well, i squirted you with the whipped cream for the same reason.   yeah.  really.  that sounds great.  okay.  bye.  jeff's got something planned for us to do every afternoon next week.  but what about your job.  you'll be working.  correction, jan, you'll be working.  i've just retired.   i got it.  you got what.  a job at the leaning tower of pizza parlor.  hey, great, peter.  it's better than working for mr. haskell.  you mean the salary.  no, mr. haskell only has 29 flavors.  the leaning tower has 32 kinds of pizza.  i hope i can keep my job long eno to eat my way through every one of them.   let's see.  oh. hey.  assistance getting around their homes.  there is a medicare benefit that may qualify you r a new power chair or scooter at little to no cost to you.  stay tuned for this important medicare benefit information and free scooter guarantee.  imagine...  one scooter or power chair that could improve your mobility and your life.  one medicare benefit that, with private iurce, may entitle you to pay little to nothing to own it.  one company that can make it all happen ...  great news.  your power chair will be paid in full.  the scootestore.  why ould you call the scooter store today.  because their mobility experts are also medicare experts.  and that means the scooter store is your best shot at qualifying for a scooter that costs you little to nothing.  hi i'm doug harrison.  at the scooter store, 97% of our medicare customers pay little to nothing out of pocket.  how do we do it.  we know what it takes to get you your power chair or scooter.  it's our strength.  it's our mission.  and we back it up with the scooter store guarantee.  if we qualify you and medicare denies your claim for a new powerchair or scooter, i'll give it to you absolutely free.  i paid into medicare all my life, and when i needed it the benefit was there for me.  the scooter store made it so easy.  i didn't pay a penny out of pocket for my power chair.  medicare and my insurance covered it all.  the scooter store got me back out in the world again.  and they're some of the nicest people you'll ever talk to.  there is a medicare benefit that may qualify you for a new power chair or scooter at little to no cost to you.  call the scooter store for free information today.  improve yo uhuhuh.  don't you know it's dangerous to wake up somebody when they're sleepwalking.    here's the story    of a lovely lady    who was bringing up    three very lovely girls    all of them hadhair of gold    like their mother    the youngest onein curls    it's the storyof a man named brady    who was busy withthree boys of his own    they were four menliving all together    yet they were all alone    till the one day when    the lady met this fellow    and they knew that it was    much more than a hunch    that this group must    somehow form a family    that's the way we all    became the brady bunch    the brady bunch    the brady bunch    that's the way we became      hey, greg, sure you wouldn't want to trade jobs.  you stick with your green thumb and i'll do likewise with the green paint.  telephone, greg.  who is it.  well, i'm not sure.  the name is joe, but the voice is soprano.  oh, it must be joanne.  i'll take it up here.  hey, you're wilting.  you straighten up or i'll play "she loves me, she loves me not" with your petals.  who are you talking to.  this flower. it makes them grow better.  did you know a lot of people talk to flowers.  yeah, but you're the only one who thinks he gets answers.  that's funny.  peter, look out.  those pots.  they could have been myhead.  who cares about the dumb old potslook atme.  bobby, you saved my life.  thanks.  i owe you my life.  forget it.  no way, somehow, some way i'm going to pay you back for this, i promise.  g.  a short time ago, this woman suffered from limited mobility.  a month ago this man wasn't even able to get around his house.  these are people who chose mobility.  and they chose the scooter store.  if you're living with limited mobility, call the scooter store today.  i guarantee, no other company will work harder to make you mobile.  if we qualify you and medicare denies your claim for a new power chair or scooter, i'll give it to you absolutely free.  that's the scooter store guarantee.  i expected they'd help me file some paperwork with medicare and my insurance.  i never expected them to be so nice or to work so hard to get me a power chair at no cost to me.  you don't qualify for medicare.  no problem.  we'll work with your insurance company, even help with financing.  if there's a way, we'll find it.  call the scooter store for free information today.  call the number on your screen for free information.  call the number shown.  has form, a census taker may come knocking on your door to collect your answers.  opening your door can open doors to other things in your community, like better education.  open your door to your census taker.  we can't move forward untilyou give your answers back.  you go next if you had a hoveround power chair.  the statue of liberty.  the grand canyon.  it's all possible with a hoveround.  tom: hi i'm tom kruse, inventor and founder of hoveround.  when we say you're free to see the world, we mean it.  call today and get a free hoveround information kit that includes a video and full color brochure.  dennis celorie: "it's by far the best chair i've ever owned." terri: "last year, 9 out of 10 people got their hoveround for little or no money." jim plunkitt: absolutely no cost to me." breaking news...when youcall today, we'll include a free hoveroundcollapsible grabber with the purchase ofyour power chair.  it reaches, it grabs, it's collapsible and it's portable.  it goes wherever you go.  get it free while supplies last.  call the number on your screento get your free video, brochure and your free hoveroundcollapsible grabber.  call the number on your screen.  oh.  what happened.  hey, which one of you clowns knocked over my paint.  oh, no.  are you hurt.  .. just green.  dad, that ladder was heading straight for my head and bobby pushed me out of the way at the risk of his own life.  i'll never forget it, never.  yech.  .. welcome to our planet.  it's waterbased.  i better hose you down.  i'm really shook from that brush with death.  bobby is a real hero.  peter, would you go up to your room.  okay.  i'll fill up a bathtub, mr. brady.  would you please send me up whatever is left.  you better hurry, dad.  it feels like i'm beginning to harden.  okay.  marcia: look.  carol: oh, my.  shut your eyes and your mouth.  it looks like greg painted bobby instead of the shutters.  carol: what in the world.  girls:..  hey, it's the jolly green midget.  he looks like a leprechaun with a skin condition.  very funny.  mike, what happened.  the ladder fell over with a paint bucket on it and guess who was under it.  hurry, dad, i'm freezing.  i'd better get him into a hot bath.  if being a hero means extra baths, forget it.  well, peter, glad to see you doing your homework.  this isn't my homework.  i'm making out my will.  your will.  i'm leaving all my earthly possessions to bobby for saving my life.  well, that's very sweet of you, peter.  if it wasn't for bobby's bravery i wouldn't be talking to you.  this will is the least i can do.  by the way, where is your beneficiary.  oh, he's still in the tub.  thanks.  hi.  i guess i looked pretty weird, didn't i.  not for a creature from the green lagoon.  i think you've been in there long enough.  dinner is just about ready and alice has fixed something really special for our hero.  okay.  okay.  i still think the flowered wallpaper is the prettiest for our room.  cindy, when it comes to interior decorating you'd make a good lumberjack.  i like the stripes.  you make it two lumberjacks.  i read a book on color psychology that says earth colors are restful.  sure, if you're being buried.  marcia, we can't have a lot of browns and blacks.   hold it girls, look.  i have agreed to repaper your bedroom but only in one pattern, right.  you'd better agree on one fast or forget about it.  they waste all their precious time arguing about insignificant things.  .. unmeaningful in the scheme of things.  what scheme of things, peter.  life.  have you ever stopped to consider the value of one's life.  to one's existence.  yeah, without life you're dead.   sorry i'm late.  i took such a long bath i'm like a wrinkled prune.  have a seat, pal.  thanks, peter.  the allamerican dish for the allamerican ..  hurrah.  ...hungarian goulash.  since when is hungarian goulash american.  since zsa zsa gabor became a citizen.  i'd have whipped up a medal, too but all the gold went to buy the meat.   i'd like to propose a toast to the bravest person in the world.  i'll toast to him. who is he.  my brother, bobby.  hear, hear.  very sweet, peter.  peter, it's nice you think i'm so brave ..  well, let me, let me finish i want to make a solemn promise and you're all my witnesses that i'll be worthy of the life bobby has given back to me.  hear, hear for bobby.  ..  that i, peter brady, am going to be bobby brady's slave for life.  i don't think you have to go that far.  ..  oh, no, you don't.  what are you doing.  polishing your shoes, that's what.  and i'll do it every day for you.  you don't have to do that.  i owe you.  go do something you enjoy.  thanks, peter, that's nice of you.  it's nothing.  if it wasn't for you instead of polishing these shoes i'd be polishing my harp at the pearly gates.   oh, sorry about that, pal.  that's okay.  it's inconsiderate of me to whistle while you're trying to read.  i won't do it again.  i don't really want to read anyway.  how's that.  you missed a spot right there.  oh, i'll get it, sorry about that.   darn this radio. all i get is static.  leave it to me.  i'll fix it right after i finish these shoes.   i'll get it.  barb wants you on the phone.  what does she want.  she says the party started half an hour ago and where are you.  oh, well, tell her i can't make it.  something much more important came up.  okay, but she'll be mad.  peter, you don't have to cancel the party just for me.  bobby, how can i enjoy a dumb old party knowing that the person who saved my life is sitting home with a bad case of static.  you finally chose your wallpaper.  yeah, here it is.  it was unanimous.  that's terrific.  how did you all agree.  n't.  you juas unanimous.  it was unanimous that we flip a coin for it.  oh, well, that's the democratic way.  tomorrow, i'll round up the boys and we'll get started.  you won't get peter to help, though.  he's too busy being bobby's slave.  bobby saved peter's life and now peter is working himself to death.   bobby, could you get that for me, please.  yeah.  hello.  oh, hi, steve.  no, i can't make it to the ball game.  well, sure i'm loyal to the team but i've got some work to do around the house, you know.  .. hey, hold on a minute, steve.  something wrong with your thumb.  : yeah, i was working on your gocart and i smashed it with the hammer.  i guess that rules out the favor i was going to ask.  : what favor.  i, i just couldn't ask a guy with a sore thumb even if i did save his life.  go ahead, ask me.  no, itust wouldn't be right after you've polished my shoes, made my bed ..  oiled my bike, took out trash and all those other things.  .  steve wants me to watch him pitch against the wooden wolves but it's my turn to clip the stupid hedges.  ..  no, it just wouldn't be fair for you to be clipping the hedges while i'm sitting at a ball game eating hot dogs and snow cones.  i'd clip the hedges but i've got a date with barbara e party i missed because of you.  it's okay, pete, i understand.  you don't have to clip the stupid hedges just because i saved your life.  i'll cancel barbara again and i'll clip the hedges.  you don't have to if you really don't want to.  i want to. i want to.  soon as i take care of my thumb.  peter, let me see that.  oh, honey, you better go soak that in cold water till the swelling goes down, okay.  okay.  got it all worked out.  meet you at the park. bye.  see you later, mom.  bobby.  you have really been running peter ragged.  don't you think you might be overdoing a good thing.  oh, no, mom.  peter is enjoying every minute of it.   hey, what happened to you.  i was clipping the stupid hedges and i fell in that rose bush.  it was bobby's turn to clip the stupid hedges.  it was, but i volunteered.  you volunteered or you were drafted.  what's the difference.  i've seen what's going on.  bobby is making a pigeon out of you.  i'd rather not talk about it.  okay, but it's your wings that are getting clipped.  hi, pete.  steve clobbered them.  he pitched a twohitter and won 14 to 13.  how'd they get 13 runs in a twohitter.  steve gave up a few walks.  the umpire was mr. ellison.  so.  he's the circulation manager for a magazine.  they're having a big contest.  the guy who sells the most subscriptions wins a surfboard.  so.  if there's one thing i'd really like it's a surfboard.  lots of luck.  i don't stand a chance of winning alone.  i've got more important things to do than sell subscriptions.  you've got time to lay around in your bed.  doing nothing.  i'm wiped out from doing all the work around here for you.  besides, barbara's not speaking to me anymore.  it was your idea.  " isn't that what you said.  okay, i'll help you sell magazine subscriptions.  no, not if you're going to be mad about it.  : i'm not mad.  you're mad, and i'm not accepting any more favors unless you can do them with a smile on your face.  : i'm smiling. see.  that's not a "smile" smile.  forget i saved your life.  you want to know the truth.  i'm sorry you saved my life.  living with a selfish creep like you isn't living.  well, talk about ungrateful.  if that's how you feel just stay away from falling ladders when i'm around 'cause i won't be around.  i've got nothing more to say to you for the rest of my life.  i don't want to seeyou for the rest ofmylife.  fine, and you know something else.  i'm writing you out of my will.  nutrisystem's event: lose weight and save money with our lowest price since 2004.  i'm angie everhart, and i lost 34 pounds on nutrisystem.  i lost 120 pounds on nutrisystem.  enjoy four perfectly portioned meals a day with our best price guaranteed.  i'm marie osmond, and i lost 50 pounds on nutrisystem.  i lost over 100 pounds and lowered my blood sugar on nutrisystem d.  based on the proven science of the glycemic index, nutrisystem works, and now it can work for you.  that's me 22 pounds ago, and i'm never going back there again.  roll back prices no matter who you are or what program is right for you.  people say i look 10 years younger.  i feel 10 years younger.  smart moneynamed nutrisystem the best value of popular weightloss programs.  now our best price just got better.  with nutrisystem, there are no more excuses.  the nutrisystem roll back sales event won't last long.  call the number on the screen for our best price guarantee.  hi, anne.  how are you doing.  hi, evelyn.  i know it's been a difficult time since your mom passed away.  yeah. i miss her a lot, but i'm okay.  wow. that was fast.  the check i've been waiting for.  mom had a guaranteed acceptance life insurance policy through the colonial penn program, and this will really help with the cost of her final expenses.  they have been so helpful and supportive during this time.  maybeishouldgive them a call.  i really could usesome more life insurance.  is it affordable.  it costs lesst that's prettyaffordable, huh.  less than 35 cents a day.  that's less than the costof a postage stamp.  so, you said it wasguaranteedacceptance.  it's permanent coveragewith guaranteed acceptance for people ages 50 to 85.  there's no medical examor health questions.  you can't be turned downbecause of your health.  it fit rightinto mom's budget and gave heradded peace of mind.  you shouldgive them a call or look them up onlineat cpdirect.com.  i definitely could usemore coverage.  i think iwillgive them a call.  man:are you betweenthe ages of 50 and 85.  or know someone who is.  do you thinkthat quality insurance at an affordable rateis out of your reach.  for lessthan 35 cents a day, you can get guaranteedacceptance life insurance throughthe colonial penn program.  you cannot be turned downbecause of your health.  there are no health questionsor medical exam.  your rate will never go up, and your benefit will never guaranteed.  these days, the average cost of a funeral is over $7300, and social security pays a death benefit of just $255.  don't leave a burden foryourloved ones.  since 1994, over 6 million people have called about thisquality insurance.  there's no risk or obligation.  call aboutthe colonial penn program now.  you'll be glad you did.  es...  there is a medicare benefit that may qualify you for a new power chair or scooter at little to no cost to you.  at the scooter store, we're experts at getting you the scooter or power chair you need.  mc: your power chair will be paid in full.  woman: i didn't pay a penny out of pocket for my power chair.  with help from the scooter store, medicare and my insurance covered it all.  end tag: call the number on your screen for your free information.  what kind of cereal is this.  well, it's something new we're trying.  instead of popping, cracking and exploding it just lays there and tastes good.  boy, i'm starved this morning.  two glasses of cow juice two bowls of cereal coming right up.  skip me, alice.  i'm particular who i eat with.  and i just lost my appetite.  hi, mom.  hi, peter.  i bring you the latest war bulletin, mrs.  brady.  all's quiet on the western fronts.  oh, did peter and bobby make up.  no, all's quiet because they're not speaking to each other.  oh, well, let me tell you something, alice.  if those boys don't make up pretty soon we're going to start a counterattack on their rear flank.  listen, you guys, just plaster the holes not the spots, okay.  boy, this is hard work.  greg: we just got started.  jan: it's a good time to remember to do homework.  hey, no goofing off.  okay, but i just want to ask dad one question.  yeah, what's that.  how long before we take a coffee break.  never mind, just plaster.  hey, greg.  yeah.  can we talk a second.  sure.  jan: want some help, marsha.  yeah.  ..  sorry, bobby.  you can't move into my room with me.  how'd you know i was going to ask that.  peter asked me the same question before you did.  i'd be a lot better roommate than that ungrateful creep.  bobby, peter's very grateful for what you did.  let's face it, you used him.  i saved his life, didn't i.  look, i'm not going to argue about it.  you two are stuck with each other.  not if i can help it.  you're not moving in with me so you better work out a peaceful coexistence.  boy, nobody in this house has any respect for heroes.   you're just doing that to bug me.  i'm doing it because i happen to like nuts.  if it bugs you, leave throom.  it's as much my room as it is yours.  hey, then you do your thing over there and i'll do my thing over here ..  this is your part of the room.  this is my part of the room.  this is noman'sland.   great, i love music.    hey, plug that back in.  it's my tv set.  it's my outlet and you want to know something else.  i can't hear you through noman'sland.  well, you'd better listen a lot harder 'cause this will really interest you.  what.  the bathroom's on my side of noman'sland.   .. smooth it out...  and here it is.  how do you like it, girls.  very nice, mr. brady.  very, very nice.  alice.   ..  hey, where you going.  we're going to spend the night at my friend helen's house.  how come.  jan: that wallpaper paste made our room smell too yicky.  cindy: have fun.  ..  whoopee.  good night, son.  don't stay up past your bedtime.  good night.  i might as well go to sleep right now.  there's nobody around here to do anything with.  oh, now, bobby, peter's home.  that's the same thing as being alone.  bob, this has gone far enough.  i want you to go upstairs and make up with peter right now.  he's the one that should apologize to me.  you're the one who took advantage of the situation.  why don't you go upstairs and tell peter you're sorry, okay.  okay.  good night, sweetheart.  good night.  pete.  i just want to say i'm sorry.  i bet you are.  i am.  i apologize for saving your life.  youapologize for saving my life.  if i hadn't have you wouldn't have done me all those favors and promised to be my slave for life and you wouldn't have quit in only a week and we wouldn't have gotten mad.  so i'm sorry for saving your life.  boy, that's the crummiest apology i've every heard.  creep.  okay, now you're going to get it.  you can stay in there all night for all i care.  peter, the doorknob's busted.  let me out.  i'll apologize again.  better.  pete.  somebody.  anybody. let me out.  pete, let me out.  peter, come on.  let me out.  somebody helme.  thanks, pete.  all i did was open the door.  yeah, and saved my life.  stop overacting.  i'm not.  a couple minutes more and then i could have suffocated.  see.   there's plenty of air in there.  .. what about the fire.  what fire.  the one that could have started from spontaneous combustion.  we studied that in school.  it's your dumb imagination.  things like that happen all the time.  closet's filled with smoke.  there i am, choking to death.  can't even scream for help.   flames are licking at the closet door.  i'm trapped inside.  suddenly, you bust in and save me.  you're a real hero, pete.  come on.  no, really, you saved my life.  if you insist.  i insist.  okay, well, now you'remyslave.  ..  nobody's anybody's slave.  we saved each othernow we're even.  i guess you're right.  i'm really sorry for taking advantage of you.  okay.  okay.  you're back in my will.  t if you had a hoveround power chair.  the statue of liberty.  the grand canyon.  it's all possible with a hoveround.  tom: hi i'm tom kruse, inventor and founder of hoveround.  when we say you're free to see the world, we mean it.  call today and get a free hoveround information kit that includes a video and full color brochure.  dennis celorie: "it's by far the best chair i've ever owned." terri: "last year, 9 out of 10 people got their hoveround for little or no money." jim plunkitt: absolutely no cost to me." breaking news...when youcall today, we'll include a free hoveroundcollapsible grabber with the purchase ofyour power chair.  it reaches, it grabs, it's collapsible and it's portable.  it goes wherever you go.  get it free while supplies last.  call the number on your screento get your free video, brochure and your free hoveroundcollapsible grabber.  call the number on your screen.  g.  a short time ago, this woman suffered from limited mobility.  a month ago this man wasn't even able to get around his house.  these are people who chose mobility.  and they chose the scooter store.  if you're living with limited mobility, call the scooter store today.  i guarantee, no other company will work harder to make you mobile.  if we qualify you and medicare denies your claim for a new power chair or scooter, i'll give it to you absolutely free.  that's the scooter store guarantee.  i expected they'd help me file some paperwork with medicare and my insurance.  i never expected them to be so nice or to work so hard to get me a power chair at no cost to me.  you don't qualify for medicare.  no problem.  we'll work with your insurance company, even help with financing.  if there's a way, we'll find it.  call the scooter store for free information today.  call the number on your screen for free information.  call the number shown.  it's not bad, if i say so myself.  mike, you know, it is so beautiful ..  oh, no.  i remember last year when you started thinking after we painted our bedroom.  you want to paint the bedrooms paint the halls, and paint downstairs, right.  .. the bathroom isconnected to the bedroom, and the hallway ..  you're forgetting one thing.  what's that.  this house is connected to my wallet.  carol: you're going to love it.     here's the story    of a lovely lady    who was bringing up    three very lovely girls    all of them hadhair of gold    like their mother    the youngest onein curls    it's the storyof a man named brady    who was busy withthree boys of his own    they were four menliving all together    yet they were all alone    till the one day when   fellow    and they knew that it was    much more than a hunch    that this group must    somehow form a family   the way we all    became the brady bunch    the brady bunch    the brady bunch    that's the way we became      isn't dad home yet.  no, he isn't.  and i suggest you go back to your homework.  i can't concentrate since dad called and said he had a big surprise for us.  how about surprising him by going back and finishing your homework.  i'll give it another try but i can't guarantee the results.  he's not home yet.  this is the longest day of my whole life.  nothing to do but homework.  alice.  your dad's not home yet.  how'd you know i was going to ask.  'cause i've never seen you in and out of the kitchen so much without eating.  thanks for reminding me.  carol: hey, eat that outside.  kidsthey're so impatient.  i'm glad we're past that stage.  i mean, if we'll all just keep cool and calm he'll get here when he can and then he'll tell us what the surprise is.   he's here, everybody.  he's here.   oh, hi, honey.   mom told us not to ask you anything about the big surprise.  so we're not asking.  ..  you know these plans i've been working on for weeks.  phillips is sending me to cincinnati to submit them.  that's the big surprise.  there is one other small detail.  yeah, what's that.  the plans are for a big amusement park and i thought you'd all like to go with me.   .  . oh lolli lolli lolli .  . lollipop .   . baaoom, boom, boom .  . call my baby lollipop .  . tell you why .   treatyourself to the dell inspiron 1545 laptop.  use snap a new feature in windows 7 home premium and arrange your open windows for a sidebyside view.  productivity and organizatation made easy.  now from $399 for jet black.  call or go to dell.com/deals.  dell.   i'm sure you're going to be more than pleased with the sketches and ideas, mr. remington.  uh, yes, well, i sort of thought we'd have ..  no, well, sure, sure, i understand.  1:00 will be fine.  i'll look forward to meeting you and mr. dempsey.  okay. goodbye.  we come all the way here and i have a fast half hour for a meeting before they have to fly to new york.  at least we'll have all morning in the park with the kids.  where do you want me to put these.  put them here where we can keep an eye on them.  this is will be fun.  it reminds me of our honeymoonremember.  how could i forget.  with six kids along.   you won't believe all of the rides.  and the grounds are beautiful.  so are the girls.  well, let's get going.  okay, okay.  we'll be right there.  as i sd, just like our honeymoon.  yeah.   go wherever you likejust remember we meet back at the main restaurant at noon sharp.  let's get going.  we'll see you.  no loading up, you two, on everything in sight.  we're going to have a big lunch, okay.  i guess we'd better get moving, too because i want to see as much of the park as possible before that meeting at 1:00.  oui, oui, monsieur.  oui, oui.  alice : the eiffel tower.  it makes me feel like a coquette.       you know, i just remembered something.  what.  well, mom told us not to load up.  yeah, that's right.  so what should we do.  well, mom also said never to waste food, right.  right.  apples are food.  so we better not waste them.  all right.  i broke the most.  and to the victor goes the spoils.  the spoils include paying the man.   hey, wait.  who will be next.  throw the ball and win a prize.  care to try your luck.  hi.  hi.  what do i do.  you throw the balls through the holes and win a prize.  do i get my choice of prizes.  that depends.  well, let's see how it works out.  this looks easy, dadlet's try it.  i think this is more greg's ball game.  why.  let's get in on it.  sorry, i think you've just been benched.  .. come on, dad.   i feel kind of guilty.  why.  well, i keep remembering what mom said about eating.  well, ice cream isn't eating.  it's licking, right.  right. so that doesn't count, does it.  of course not.  when you eat you have to swallow.  this just slides down by itself.   i'll take more balls.  you'll wear yourself out.  i'll keep throwing until you tell me your name.  well, to save you a dislocated shoulderit's marge.  i'm greg brady.  when do you get through here.  right about now.  greathave lunch with me.  sorry, can't.  i'm filling in for my brother.  he's an animal.  aren't we all.   i mean, he wears one of those animal costumes and walks around the park greeting people.  hey, wait.  which animal are you.  that's for you to find out.  marge.  marge.       eating popcorn really isn't eating because we're just after the prizes, right.  right.  we'll just work our way through the box till we get to the prizes 'cause they're always on the bottom.  little nancy will love that poster you bought for her.  it's the least i could do after making all that money babysitting for her folks.  i meant to hit you for a loan.  yogi bear is cute but maybe i should have gotten that giraffe poster.  we'd better do it later.  we've got to meet the others for lunch.  let's go back after we eat.  okay.  hi, sorry to be late.  stopped by the room to pick up the plans before the meeting.  i just want to tell you i can't stay for lunch.  i met a girl.  greg, you have to eat.  okay.  well, man does not live by bread alone.  hi, where you going.  to see an animal about a girl.  hi.  boy, that roller coaster sure made me hungry.  how can you tell.  i left my stomach back on the roller coaster.  ooh.  hi.  i guess you two kids must be starved, too, huh.  um, well, mom, do they have a child's plate.  yeah, maybe bobby and i can share one.  didn't i warn you two about eating everything in sight.  yeah, but next time you ought to warn us a lot harder.  yeah, maybe we can eat lunch later.  sorry we're late.  it was my fault.  i couldn't decide between a bear and a giraffe.  what's everyone having for lunch.  i don't want to be late for my meeting.  peter, will you kindly get your feet off of my poster.  you're going to ruin it.  take better care of it.  i wish i had someplace to put it for safekeeping.  hey, dad, do you need both of those.  honey, the entire reason for us being here is in these cylinders.  could your sketches fit into one so i can put my poster in the other.  please, i have to take it all the way home.  oh, i guess so.  oh, thank you.  thank you, dad.  you're welcome.  gentlemen, as i've indicated our firm has an interesting concept )