 do.  i'm dying of curiosity.  i'll be wearing it to the library this afternoon.  do you want to come with me.  sure. we might run into willie dalrymple.   :  willie sent the locket.   maybe we should be looking for fingerprints on the locket box.  good idea.  we could use my fingerprint kit.  if you found the fingerprint, what then.  send it to j. edgar hoovey.  hoover.  sure.  listen, i hate to discrage initiative, fellows but you know there are millions of fingerprints on file in the f.b.i.  edgar hoovey would take time to track down one connected with jan's locket.  well, you can't argue with that.  i guess that's why he's a dad and we're just guys.  yeah, he thinks better.  thanks, bobby.  well, this pretty little velvetlined box didn't come from an expensive store but it did come from somewhere.  well, as deductions go, that's a reasonable one.  i wonder who could have forgotten to enclose a card.  aunt martha.  hey, now, there's an idea.  well, she's always been especially fond of ..  well, you know how forgetful she is.   i'll never forget when your aunt martha drove home in that black sedan and she didn't realize it wasn't her own tan station wagon till she gets in the garage.  like at christmas and easter she always forgets to enclose her name or her address or something.  it would be just like her to send a locket to jan and not enclose a card.  yeah, agreed.  i think i'll phone her.  the kids can't hear me in here.  she's probably just come home in somebody's red convertible.  hello. aunt martha.  this is carol.  carol. your niece.  carol brady.   well, listen, aunt martha, what i'm calling ..  jan received a locket a few days ago with ..  no. not locker, locket.  .. no, then it definitely could not have been from you.  what.  totem pole.  .. haven't received it yet, aunt martha.  we'll be looking out for it, yes.  thank you in advance.  nice talking to you, too, aunt martha.  yeah. of course i will.  bye.  well, i got most of that, but you will what.  give her love to roger.  roger.  my sister's husband.  aunt martha is really on the ball.  well, there goes our theory.  yeah. right down the proverbial drain.  which leaves us with one possible clue.  yes.  well, you knowovered those "ys" that were dropped from the label.  yes.  well, now, if we could just find a typewriter that drops its "ys" our problem would be solved.  oh, honey, finding a typewriter that drops its "ys" is like...  finding a needle that drops its haystacks.  alice: you're going shopping for a new coat for me.  well, i wanted him to stay home while we sneaked up here to his office.  brady might have sent that locket to jan.  oh, alice, i can't wait to see his typewriter.  why.  oh, that's right, you don't know about the clue.  well, all the "ys" in "brady," "way" and "city" were lower than the rest of the letters on jan's package.  ..  oh, i hope my female intuition works.  here, let me do that, mrs. brady.  i used to be pretty good at typing.  okay, alice, hurry up.   .." oh, alice, get to the "y," the "y".  i'm getting to it, mrs. brady.  "country." there.  .. there goes my woman's intuition.  the "y" is perfect, just like all the other letters.  ..  what do we have here, huh.  two startled women.  00 and this office is supposed to be locked.  well, i have a key to the building that also unlocks this office.  oh, how'd you get the key.  well, it's a duplicate.  michael brady.  does he know you're here.  .. no.  he thinks we're out buying me a coat.  .. what are you doing.  brady's home phone number in this book.  i think i'll just call him and ask him if he knows anything about a dame masquerading as his wife.  .. i wish you wouldn't.  i'll bet.  look, officer, i think i can explain everything.  you see, um, my daughter received this locket ..  the address was typed on a typewriter that drops its "ys." i think my husband may have sent her the locket.  so we came here to see if his office typewriter drops its "ys." you know something.  i believe you.  you do.  sure.  you'd have to be nuts to make up a story like that.   what are you doing.  something deceitful and sneaky of which i am highly ash typing the alphabet on mom's portable.  you were the one who discovered that dropped "y" in the address on jan's label.  yeah.  well, with your mother gone to help alice buy a coat doing a little sleuthing here.  huh. think mom sent the locket to jan.  well, you know, i don't know anymore.  this is the only typewriter she ever uses and it's in perfect condition.  well, don't you trust her.  of course, i do.  well, wouldn't she tell you.  sure she would, unless she had a logical reason not to.  like what.   greg, to a female mind, anything is logical.  i'm going to take this back and put it where your mother keeps it.  oh, listen.  now, mum's the word, okay, greg.  man to man.  okay. mum's the word.  but you're right.  it was sneaky and deceitful and something of which you should be highly ashamed.  i am, i am, and when it's all over i'll tell your mother what i did.  when it's all over, dad.  yeah, she'll understand.  i'm beginning to think we'll never know who sent that locket to jan.  no luck with the coat, huh.  the coat.  yeah. the coatthat you went to buy alice.  oh, that coat.  oh, well, we didn't find anything.  oh.   what happened here.  oh, nothing.  nothing at all.  how was jan.  well, she was fine when she went to bed.  .. what do you, uh, say.  i say warmly and affectionately good night, mrs. brady.  mmm.  brady i'll, uh, just finish this chapter.  . okay.  oh, no.  oh, no.  : oh, no.  oh, no.  oh.  oh, no.  what is it, jan.  .  my locketit's gone.  i wore it to bed a couple of hours ago.  then something woke me up and i found out it was gone.  are you sure you wore it to bed.  i've worn it to bed since i got it.  are you positive you wore it tonight.  positively positive.  it's gone, all right.  my beautiful little locket.  no card or return address.  .. as mysteriously as it came.  t if you had a hoveround power chair.  the statue of liberty.  the grand canyon.  it's all possible with a hoveround.  tom: hi i'm tom kruse, inventor and founder of hoveround.  when we say you're free to see the world, we mean it.  call today and get a free hoveround information kit that includes a video and full color brochure.  dennis celorie: "it's by far the best chair i've ever owned." terri: "last year, 9 out of 10 people got their hoveround for little or no money." jim plunkitt: absolutely no cost to me." breaking news...when youcall today, we'll include a free hoveroundcollapsible grabber with the purchase ofyour power chair.  it reaches, it grabs, it's collapsible and it's portable.  it goes wherever you go.  get it free while supplies last.  call the number on your screento get your free video, brochure and your free hoveroundcollapsible grabber.  call the number on your screen.  me.  even if you think your mattress is just fine...  ask me what it's like to get your best night's sleep every night.  why not talk to someone who's sleeping on the most highly recommended bed in america...  it's not a sealy...  or a simmons...  or a serta...  ask me about my tempurpedic.  ask me how fast i fall asleep.  ask me about staying asleep.  these are actual tempurpedic owners.  ask someone you knowcheck out twitter...  try your friends on facebook.  you'll hear it all...unedited.  ask me how it feels after 10 years.  ask me if it's a good value.  just ask me.  there are 4 million tempurpedic owners.  and they're more satisfied than owners of any aditional mattress brand.  ask me why i feel better every morning.  ask me why someone who's never had an ache or a pain is in love with this bed.  start asking real owners.  ask me how we took the first step...  take the first step right now.  call or click today for your free information kit with dvd.  call the number on your screen or visit tempurpedic.com.  tempurpedic.  the most highly recommended bed in america.  we got a real mystery on our hands, fellas.  yeah. first the locket arrives.  second, it disappears.  any suggestions.  i got one.  what.  maybe somebody took it.  peter: hey.  what about us trying to solve this the way they do on detective shows on tv.  great idea.  they round up all the characters and recreate the crime.  right.  we'll do it all over again just the way it happened.  bobby: hey.  don't we have to get the locket back first if we want to do it all over again.  a reenactment of the what.  of the crime, dad.  what crime.  whoever stole jan's locket.  we don't know jan's locket was stolen.  what else could have happened to it.  everyone's looked everywhere for it.  that's why we want to have a reenactment of the crime.  if it's okay with you.  like they solve things on tv.  you mean a reenactment of events leading up to the crime.  yeah, dad, i guess i do.  but we know that everyone was in bed that night.  well, not everyone, mom.  oh.  what do you know that your mother and i don't.  well, i know that peter and i were just getting back after raiding the refrigerator.  and then jan let out that shriek.  and the others.  let's let each one speak for himselfor herself.  after they learn their constitutional rights everything they say may be used against them.  , in the family.  marcia, you were asleep the night jan's locket did its vanishing act weren't you.  no, mom.  i wanted to make you think i was asleep but i wasn't really.  oh.  well, i was studying in my bed.  studying for what.  the english test i had the next day.  i'm not doing too good in english.  " you see.  anyway, that's where i was when jan yelped.  i know you thought i was asleep, dad, but i wasn't.  well, we know that greg and peter were in the kitchen and marcia was in bed studying and cindy was out in hall.  just exactly what were you doing.  brushing my teeth.  at 10:00 at night.  i forgot earlier.  and teeth can't tell time.  this is a routine question we're asking everybody, alice.  were you asleep when jan's locket did its fadeout.  no, i wasn't asleep, mr. brady.  i was writing a letter to my sister.  in your room.  no, in the family room.  nobody else was there.  i hope you don't mind.  oh, we don't mind at all.  if you don't mind doing a repeat performance in the family room tonight.  what's up, mr. brady.  the boys think we ought to reenact the events leading up to the crime.  with everyone doing what they were doing the night the locket disappeared.  i'll go along.  back to the family room and another letter to my sister.  she'll drop dead.  two letters from me in the same century.  in the same week.  the reenactment is scheduled to take place at 10:00 tonight.  on the dot.  in that case, we'd better synchronize our watches.  oh, yeah.  well, here we are.  right where we were when it happened.   you know something, mike.  i think i could learn to like the reenactment of crimes.  .. groovy, mrs. brady.  hey, we ought to have one of these every night.  come on, now what were we talking about.  the coat.  that you and alice didn't buy.  oh, yeah, that coat.  listen, were you nuzzling me like this.  well, there can be a little leeway in reenactments.  a little leeway.  come on, what really went on around here the night alice and i were gone.  oh, everything was just completely peaceful.  hey, this is a phony reenactment.  last time we stole fried chicken.  it doesn't matter.  we get to eat again, don't we.  bobby.  bobby.  get to bed.  : i'm brushing my teeth.  put that down and get to bed.  you're supposed to be asleep.  yeah, i know.  but how can i be asleep when it's almost time for me to scream.  why don't you try.  close your eyes and count sheep or something.  ..  what do you suppose is going on.  i don't know, but we better stay here.  : can't i even spit out the toothpaste.  why didn't you spit it out in the bathroom.  you said we had to do just what did before.  i didn't spit now because i didn't spit then.  and you know something.  what.  it's hard to talk with your mouth full of toothpaste.  the suspense is killing me.  so is the toothpaste.     oh. oh, i just remembered something.  you remembered what, jan.  that's why i screamed.  it wasn't a screamy scream.  it was a happy scream.  it was still a scream. what's happened.  i've been wearing this whistle around my neck instead of my locket.  yes.  well, um, what's happened is what i remembered.  i completely forgot about the little bear.  the little bear.  jan: yeah.  the night my locket vanished all the stars were outjillions of them, like tonight.  you stopped to see if you could see the little bear.  yeah. and you know what you said, mom.  yes, that maybe the clasp broke and the locket just fell off.  ..  it just might have fallen off here while i was looking for the little bear.   and there it is.  jan, wait a minute.  where.  right there.   oh, my beautiful little locket.  out on the ivy, outside the window.  dad, did you find it.  yeah, in the vines underneath the window.  great. the reenactment really worked.  i guess it did.  that's good news, mr. brady.  that sure is good news.  you look radiant.  this is the happiest morning of my life after the happiest night of my life.  because you got the locket back.  if i hadn't been looking for the little bear i would have never found it.  it was the reenactment that did it.  the reenactment was a lot of fun.  it was better after bobby spit out his toothpaste.  did you ever finish that second letter to your sister.  well, i just pretended to write that second letter, jan because my longhand is so bad.  your longhand.  yeah, even i can't read it.  ..  you're growing older.  what's that got to do with anything, alice.  there's something i'd like to explain which i think you'll understand which i want to keep secret just between the two of us.  you stay here.  i'll be right back.  alice, you mean you typed my name and address on the label on that package.  same way i typed that first letter to my sisteron that beatup portable i keep in my closet.  then you sent me the locket.  i'm the guilty party.  that was a wonderful thing to do.  see, i know what it is to be middle because i'm a middle sister, just like you.  i was born between emily and myrtle.  myrtle was the baby, and emily did the bossing.  did your mother and father love you as much as them.  yeah, it was just that every now and then i got the feeling i was nothing very special because i wasn't the oldest and i wasn't the youngest.  you know what i mean.  i know what you mean.  well, that's whyeven though i never play favorites among you kidsfrom one middle sister to another.  my favorite aunt gave me that locket for the same reason.  ..  you're just too much, that's all.  that's enough, jan.  now, this battered old typewriter has a date with a screwdriver.  and nobody but you and i will ever know .. something special.  alice, as long as i have this locket i'll always feel that i'm something special.  guess what just arrived all the way from alaska.  both: a totem pole.  how did you know.  and i'll bet there was no card attached.  how did you know that, too.  were you expecting a totem pole with no card attached.  in this family, who knows what to expect.   i didn't think i was that funny.  i was thinking about something else, dad.  what, honey.  that i'm the middle girl .. totem pole.      here's the story   . of a lovely lady    who was bringing up    three very lovely girls    all of them hadhair of gold    like their mother    the youngest onein curls    it's the storyof a man named brady    who was busy withthree boys of his own    they were four menliving all together    yet they were all alone    till the one day when    the lady met this fellow    and they knew that it was    much more than a hunch    that this group must    somehow form a family    that's the way we all    became the brady bunch    the brady bunch    the brady bunch    that's the way we became      how do these strike you, mrs. brady.  well, they're lovely, alice.  but i don't think curtains look right there.  no, no, i'm helping the boyfriend decorate his apartment tonight.  think sam will like these in his kitchen.  aren't they a little frilly, alice.  looks like they'd go better in a woman's apartment than a man's apartment.  that's the whole idea: turn that man's apartment into this woman's apartment.   oh, look who's home early, on friday.  oh, what a way to start the weekend.  hi, honey.  gee, what a great surprise.  i hope nothing's wrong.  wait till you hear, you're going to flip.  well, how about a kiss first.  hey, you only hit one lip.  guess what i have here.  ..  oh, you'll never guess.  was i close.  two tickets, fifth row center ..  oh, mike, i can't believe it.  for tonight.  that show's been sold out for weeks.  ..  oh, mike, i'm so excited.  how did you ever do it.  but we can't go.  can't go.  carol, after all i went through to get these things.  well, i'm sorry, mike but alice is helping sam decorate his new apartment tonight.  she can do that another night.  what's the big deal.  you know alice likes sam very much.  i  very much.  mike, you don't want to marry sam.  no, you got me there.  so maybe we can work out something else.  mike: hi, kids.  hi, dad.  hi, dad.  honey, you want to see this show as much as i do, don't you.  of course.  honey, you know it's something we never think of because alice is always here.  but why don't we call a babysitter.  yeah, why not, indeed.  let's make an evening out of it.  i'll call jennifer down the street.  she does babysitting.  a babysitter.  for us.  g.  a short time ago, this woman suffered from limited mobility.  a month ago this man wasn't even able to get around his house.  these are people who chose mobility.  and they chose the scooter store.  if you're living with limited mobility, call the scooter store today.  i guarantee, no other company will work harder to make you mobile.  if we qualify you and medicare denies your claim for a new power chair or scooter, i'll give it to you absolutely free.  that's the scooter store guarantee.  i expected they'd help me file some paperwork with medicare and my insurance.  i never expected them to be so nice or to work so hard to get me a power chair at no cost to me.  you don't qualify for medicare.  no problem.  we'll work with your insurance company, even help with financing.  if there's a way, we'll find it.  call the scooter store for free information today.  call the number on your screen for free information.  call the number shown. )