  thank you.  anything else while i'm up.  no, not that i can think of.  oh, honey, i think i need a tissue.  would you get one for me.  they're right over there.  bobo.  bobo.  yeah.   thank you.  anything else.  no, no, that's all.  thereisone other thing.   now what.  you didn't kiss me good night.  do i have to.  captioned by media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org  here's the story    of a lovely lady    who was bringing up    three very lovely girls    all of them hadhair of gold    like their mother    the youngest onein curls    it's the storyof a man named brady    who was busy withthree boys of his own    they were four menliving all together    yet theywere all alone    till the one daywhen the lady met this fellow    and they knew that it wasmuch more than a hunch    that this groupmust somehow form a family    that's the way we allbecame the brady bunch    the brady bunch    the brady bunch    that's the way we becamethe brady bunch.    captioning sponsored byparamount television mom. alice.  greg. marcia.  peter, peter, what's the matter.  is something wrong.  no, i've got great news.  oh, that's a relief.  well, come on, tell us the news.  you know the school paper. yeah.  they needed a new reporter.  a lot of guys tried out for it, but who do you think they picked.  oh, i'll take a wild guessyou.  yeah. how did you know.  woman's intuition.  i'm not just going to be an ordinary reporter.  i'm going to have my own column.  your own columnthat's terrific.  congratulations, peter.  thanks.  and i know just what i'm going to call it"the whole truth," by...  "scoop" brady.  "scoop".. all right, that's great.  i'm going to write a column that'll stand fillmore junior high on its ear.  then i'm gonna write one for my high school, then for college.  i might become a famous reporter.  maybe i'll win a pulitzer prize.  but first, i'd better do something.  what's that.  learn how to type.  always couple.  once we kept the lights on.  but then we started using ky yours & mine.  yeah, we were nervous to try it.  there's an amazing sensation for her. amazing.  ..  ohh, it's a completely new sensation for us both.  it's opened a whole new door for us.  i've come to clean your pool.  but we don't have a pool.  i'll come in anyway.  next week i'm going to be a maid.  ky yours & mine.  his excites. hers delights.  together feel them ignite.  keep life sexy.  fall,from misstep, to tripping over a rug, tojust losing their balance.  and not being able to getup from a fall can have serious lifetimeconsequences.  being prepared isimportant.  philips lifeline withautoalert is more than just a medical alertbutton.  it's an advancedfalldetection system, designed to get you helpquickly.  if you fall and you'reunable to push your button, the fall detectiontechnology within autoalert can trigger thebutton to automatically place a call for help.  philip's lifeline hassaved more lives than any other medical alertservice.  this is philips lifeline,we received a fall detected signal.  do you need help.  call now about philipslifeline with autoalert, the only button withphilips advanced falldetection technology.  we'll send you this freebrochure with information about the importance ofgetting help quickly should you happen to fall.  when i fell, i couldn'tpress the button.  i blacked out, and sohaving lifeline with auto alert really saved me.  if they don't push the button,they're not able to push the button, it takes overand gets them the help they need.  multiple sensors insideautoalert can recognize the differences betweenyour everyday movements and a fall.  so if a fall does happen,and you're unable to push your button, autoalert candetect it and automatically place a callfor help.  in a fall or medicalemergency, every second counts.  with lifeline you'reconnected 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, so youhave quick access to help when you need it most.  over 7 million people havebenefitted from the lifeline service.  no wonder it has beenrecommended by over 200,000 health careprofessionals nationwide.  a personal emergency couldhappen at any time.  be prepared.  make sure you have autoalert.  if you or someone you lovewould like information about philips lifelinewith autoalert, call now and we'll sendyou this free brochure, and ask about freeactivation when you order.  call this number.  call now.  jan, did you take my pencils.  nope.  i had three pencils in this drawer. they're gone.  check with scoop brady.  oh, no.  first, he takes my carbon paper, then my erasers and now my pencils.  mine, too.  did either one of you take the pencils from my desk. no.  well, somebody did.  check with scoop brady.  oh, for crying out loud.  first he takes my carbon paper, then my erasers and now my pencils.  did you call me, honey.  sweetheart, have you seen my typewriter.  it was in here this morning.  oh, i forgot to tell youpower of the press.  scoop brady borrowed it.  you're kidding.  first he takes my carbon paper, then my erasers, then my pencils now my typewriter.  well, he said he was a little short on the tools of his trade.   oh, well, i guess it's all pretty exciting for him.  i'll put my notes on my tape recorder.  um, listen, by the way, honey, don't go looking for your old brown hat.  my old brown hat.  "the...  whole..." all right, children, time for exercises.  not again.  we hate them.  oh, come on, now.  one, two, one...  come on, come on.  hey, what's going on here.   those are really cute.  this is miss crocker, our gym teacher.  oh, how do you do, miss crocker.  how do you do. one, two, one...  what are they for.  well, we're doing a skit on our teachers on jamboree night.  you know, rib them a little.  well, that's the best time to rib themafter your final grades.  and, speaking of grades, you two have finals this week.  i finished all my studying, mom.  so did i.  that's why i'm helping marcia with these puppets.  : i'm mrs. sandersmarcia's english teacher.  oh, hello.  and this is mr. price, the science teacher.  : and now, students, we take up the study of chlorll.  "chlorophyll" is a greek word.  "chloro" means green, and i guess "phyll" is the guy who discovered it.  hey, you got mr. price down perfect.  he's the toughest teacher i've ever had.  you have him this term, don't you, peter.  i sure do.  well, just remember, scoop brady, you have finals, too.  so don't neglect your studies because of that column.  don't worry, mom, everything's real cool.  well, just make sure it doesn't warm up.  one, two, one...  is that your column.  yeah.  can we read it.  well... come on.  all it says is, "the whole truth by scoop brady." well, i haven't finished it yet.  it isn't even started.  uble, getting it started.  before i became a writer, i could think of a million things to write about.  now i can't think of one.  come on, there's lots to write about.  oh, yeah. name one.  well, how about my jamboree night.  and the girls' basketball teamundefeated.  and so is the debating team.  hey, that's real good stuff.  and the drama club is doing three oneact plays.  and there's a charity... okay, okay.  you're getting me confused.  i'll get on it right away.  i say, that scoop is some reporter, i say.  yes, he is some reporter, indeed.   well, what do you think.  uh, well, it'sit's, um...  it's not a, uh, badcolumn, pete.  boy, the typing is real neat, peter.  you think it's rotten.  not at all.  the items are fine.  the way you wrote it, it's a little, um...  dull, right, alice.  well, you could jazz it up a little.  how.  alice: well, take the pie sale.  you said, "14 apple pies were baked." eh. couldn't you say something like, "what sweet young thing in the eighth grade bakes the wildest apple pies in town." hey, i get itmake it more personal.  right. the girls' basketball itemyou didn't mention a single name.  kids like to see their names in the paper and to read about themselves.  particularly, if you appeal to their vanity.  vanity. what's vanity.  vanity is what makes women with size12 feet wear sizeeight shoes.  she means flatter them.  names, and flatter them, huh.  boy, will i ever.  thanks.  peter. peter.  hi, iris.  i just wanted to thank you.  they picked me to be yell leader, and i owe it all to you.  why me.  because of all the things you wrote about me in your column.  i'm glad it helped.  maybe we can have a malt together after school.  swell.  and i'm paying. you're my guest, peter.  hey, peter, you're the greatest.  you mean the item in the column.  i've never been so popular with girls.  they really believe that stuff you wrote about me being a great dancer.  well, you are, compared to me. i can't dance at all.  here. it's only some candy bars, but i just wanted to show my appreciation.  thanks.  hey, if you can think of anything else to say about me, i've got an uncle who owns a pizza place.  see you later.  peter. i've been looking all over for you.  well, it looks like you found me.  thanks for the great item in your column about my singing.  mrs. meredith asked me to do a solo on jamboree night.  that's great.  and, peter, i'm going to have a super party soon, and you're the first name on my guest list.  i know you're studying, eddie, but i need an item for my column.  yeah, something real snappya little gossip or...  have you got the whole thing about osmosis right now, eddie.  yeah, i know...  that science class isn't too easy.  okay, let me know if you're stuck again.  bye.  well, did you get him squared away on osmosis.  yep.  yeah, well, that makes me feel a little bit better.  how do you mean.  well, with all the time you've been spending on your column and all the parties you've been invited to, your mother and i have been a little bit afraid you've been neglecting your schoolwork.  nah. i'm going to do some more studying right now.  you are. yeah.  hey, that's good.  turn out the lights when you're through.  better find out what in heck osmosis is...  or does.  we both had mr. price for science, and we know what kind of final exams he gives.  i'm sure we can help.  thanks. i just hope it's not too late.  the easiest way to rememb things is by making up little rhymes about themlike, "a vertebrate has a back that's straight." a vertebrate has a back that's straight.  hey, that's a great idea.  do you know what a primate is.  primate... primate... primate...  let's see...  i don't think i do.  on second thought, i'm sure i don't.  you can remember it like this.  "a primate has the size and shape of a monkey, a man or any old ape." a primate has the size and shape of a monkey, a man or any old ape.  hey, that's a great system.  hey, it worked for me.  me, too.  hey, i just thought of another rhyme. what.  ext year's going to be so nice. i won't have to worry about mr. price." pete, you better hit the book and read it.  mr. price, have pity on my brother.  peter: mr. price.  yes, peter.  i was wondering...  that exam we took on friday: have you finished grading all the papers yet.  not all of them.  oh.  as is my customary procedure, i grade the papers alphabetically, according to student names.  i'm presently up to, um, "l." "l". then you're past "b." a keen analytical deduction.  keener than most of your deductions in the examination, i'm afraid, peter.  that sounds like i didn't do so good.  you didn't do so well, either.  i'm quite disappointed in you, peter.  for the first half of the semester, you received a "b." i thought you would be one of my better students.  is this test going to have a big effect on my report card.  final examinations usually do, peter.  thank you, sir.   "d." a big, fat "d." line of defense for my patientswith sensitive teeth.  sensodyne is definitely at the top of my list.  it works and it always delivers.  it's the first thing that irecommend to my patients.  i know that thistoothpaste will work, so that's what i recommend.  sensodyne is the goto brandfor sensitivity.  my patients with sensitiveteeth i always recommendsensodyne.  i couldn't recommend it if ididn't trust it.  sensodyne is a brand that itrust implicitly.  for sensitivity, werecommend sensodyne.  we don't recommend anyother brand.  this year's superstar...  [)] coughing can really be disruptive.   with a record breaking fifty million votes, your next superstar is...  that's why there's delsym.  delsym helps silence coughs fora full 12 hours with an advanced time release formulafor all day or all night relief.  up to twice as long as othercough liquids.  so the only sounds you'll hearare the ones you want to hear.  bianca.   delsym. silence is relief.  ok.  oh chocolate.  happy anniversary.  ok.  up.  powered by clorox.  guys.  borrow them both.  oh yeah, borrow them both. we're all about sharing.  that stays here. oh, i love that one.  mmmmmm. go try it on girl.  mmmm mmmm, yum.  not you. the hummus.  tsabra hummus, rdip life to the fullest.  this is charlie.  his long day of doing it himself starts with back pain...  and a choice.  take 4 advil in a day or just 2 aleve for all day relief.  honey, you did it.  baby laughs.  imagine using things in your kitchen in a different way.  like i did, with knorr pasta sides.  just add some juicy shrimp, tomatoes and spinach and you've turned sides into a whole new dish.  tknorr pasta sides,tsee a different side.  . .  . .  discover all the naturally moisturizing flavors of burt's bees lip balm.  dishes sometimes come out with spots.  well, those spots are actually leftover food or detergentresidue.  can we help prevent this.  yes, use finish jet dry.  it goes in your dishwasher'sdispenser to help eliminate spots and residues.  wow, what a difference.  the news a lot lately.  for chicken that hasn't crossed an ocean, look for perdue.  we're the first company to have the usda verify that our chickens are raised in the usa.  to bring your family a freshtasting chicken.  perdue. we believe in a better chicken.  hi, peter. hi, mom.  hey, what's your hurry.  come here a minute.  i've got a lot of things to do.  how did you do on your finals.  uh, most of them went okay.  how was your science final.  was mr. price as tough as they say.  mr. price said he hasn't finished grading all the test papers yet.  well, how do you think you did.  i'm sure i didn't get an "a." well, i'll settle for an aminus.  say, any hot flashes to shake the world with, scoop.   what.  i said i'm almost finished.  greg, what's a way of saying somebody's the best at his job.  "outstanding." no, i've already used that one.  "super." "terrific." no. i used them, too.  "head and shoulders above the crowd." hey, that's great.  "there have been many great men in our country"washington, lincolnbut we have a man in our school who is just as great: mr. price." mr. price..  the science teacher.  yeah. here's the carbon copy if you want to read it.   are you kidding.  when i had him, we called him "mr. sourpuss." that's just the wayyousee him.  i've got to get this column over to my editor right away.  washington, lincoln...  and mr. price..  good morning, mr. price.  what is so good about it, may i ask.  no, marcia.  i can still see your lips move.  it's not easy to talk with your mouth closed.  marcia, jan, you got to read this.  you won't believe it.   mr. price..  peter's flipped.  i'm mr. price, and evenidon't believe it.  i don't blame you.  it gets better.  there you are.  say, listen, hi, dad.  i thought you were going to take care of that back lawn this afternoon.  oh, yeah, i will, dad. right away.   what's so funny.  look, look. this is. look, read it.  it's scoop brady's latest column.  you mean we got an art buchwald in the family.  i'm not sure. look, look.   i don't think i've gotten to the funny part yet.  it's all funny if you know mr. price.  he's the dullest.  i'm not going to have him until next year, but everybody in the whole school knows how dull mr. price is.  he's the kind of guy, dad, who tells the class jokes in latin.  and, all semester, only one kid laughed, and he was italian.   come on. i think you're being a little hard on mr. price.  it's not that he's a bad teacher.  he just has a little trouble getting through to the kids.  according to this, he seems to have gotten through to peter.  listen, don't forget the lawn, okay.  i won't. i won't. okay.  do you think peter actually thinks he's great.  are you kidding.  he's got to have some reason for writing that column.  a "d".  what's that, mrs. brady.  look what i found in peter's jacket.  it's his science test.  i thought it hadn't even been graded yet.  oh, my.  and "d" sure doesn't stand for "dandy." no wonder he was being so evasive about it.  well, i'm not excusing peter, honey, but it isn't easy to tl your pents about a bad grade.  he's a good student.  i'll bet he didn't study at all.  you know, it's really ironic.  how do you mean.  well, because peter wrote a whole column about mr. price.  he made him sound like a cross between albert einstein and albert schweitzer.  yeah, well, i'll bet that was before he got the "d." no. as a matter of fact, he...  ...he wrote it after.  how did you find my test.  well, you left it in the pocket of your jacket.  oh.  well, it was a tough test, dad.  ask any of the kids.  i'm sure it was.  look, peter, your mother and i wouldn't mind the "d" so much if we thought you had done your very best.  but you didn't, did you.  no.  no, you didn't.  you were spending too much time being scoop brady, reporter, not enough time being peter brady, student, right.  i'm sorry.  mmm.  listen...  about this article you wrote this afternoon about mr. price.  you know about that, too.  yes, i do.  now, was that, like your article says "the whole truth," or was that just a snow job, huh.  in hopes of getting mr. price to give you a better grade on your report card.  a snow job, i guess.   son, there is a thing called "power of the press." and, with the use of that power, comes responsibility.  i guess i wasn't very responsible, was i.  no, you weren't.  writing nice things about your friends, or about mr. price, just to get personal reward isn't exactly honest reporting.  but what can i do now.  i've already turned in the column.  i'm sure you'll think of something.  yes, peter.  good morning, mr. price.  i guess i'm a little early.  you are, indeed.  your class doesn't occur for another three hours.  sir, i have to talk to you about something.  proceed.  i wrote a column about you, it's coming out in the paper, i didn't really mean.  oh.  like, i said you were the greatest teacher in the world.  i didn't really mean the greatest.  i meant fantastic.  not really fantastic.  more like terrific.  not terrific... i meant...  i know what you meant, peter. )