 lead to tooth decay and bad breath.  well, there is biotene, specially formulated with moisturizers and lubricants...  biotene can provide soothing relief and it helps keep your mouth healthy too.  biotene, for people who suffer from a dry mouth.  presents: how to plan for the future.  happy valentine's day.  happy birthday.  sorry i forgot our anniversary.  happy mother's day.  select hanging baskets now just 2 for $10 at lowe's.  i take these out...  ...to put in dr. scholl'sactive series insoles.  they help reduce wearand tear on my legs, becuase they have triplezone protection.  ... and reduce shock by 40%.  so i feel like i'm readyto take on anything.  5can toilet.  clorox toilet wand comespreloaded with cleaner, so you click, swish, and toss.  no more icky toilet brush.  i love it.  of course you do, mom.  disinfecting.for your real life.  drill.  you straighten your hair.  and it doesn't last.  l'oreal's new ultimate straight shampoo system.  starts to seal in the straight before you style.  to last up to 48 hours.  shiny, straight.  new l'oreal ultimate straight shampoo.  that's the power of beautiful hair.  americans...  ...83% try to eat healthy.  yet up to...90% fall short in getting key nutrients from...  ...food alone. let's do more...  add one a day women's gummies.  complete with key nutrients wemay need...  ...plus it supports bone health with calcium and vitamin d.  one a day vitacraves gummies.  ] talking.  ..tiptoeing.  better things than the pain, stiffness, and joint damage of moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis.  before you and your rheumatologist decide on a biologic, ask if xeljanzis right for you.  xeljanz is a small pill, not an injection or infusion, for adultswith moderate to severe ra for whom methotrexatedid not work well.  xeljanz can relieve ra symptoms, and help stop further joint damage.  xeljanz can lower your abilityto fight infections, including tuberculosis.  serious, sometimes fatalinfections and cancers have happened in patients taking xeljanz.  don't start xeljanz if you have any infection, unless ok with your doctor.  tears in the stomach or intestines, low blood cell counts and higher liver testsand cholesterol levels have happened.  your doctorshould perform blood tests before you startand while taking xeljanz and routinely checkcertain liver tests.  tell your doctorif you have been to a region where fungal infectionsare common, and if you have had tb,hepatitis b or c, or are prone to infections.  tell your doctor aboutall the medicines you take.  one pill, twice daily, xeljanz can reduce ra pain and help stop further joint damage, even without methotrexate.  ask about xeljanz.  sandal.half off.  this pair.half off.  every...it's the red button.  every sandal. everystore. up to 50% off.  even found a pairunder ten bucks.  sandals for eeevvverybooodddy.  everybody loves to payless.  remover off.  every kissproof, cryproof, stayproof look.  neutrogena makeup remover does.  it erases 99% of your most stubborn makeup with one towelette.  need any more proof than that.  neutrogena.  hello, fred.  what are you doing friday night.  how about going out on a double date.  well, so what if she is a blind date, fred.  she's sandra's cousin.  according to the laws of heredity, she could look like...  frankenstein didn't have a cousin.  last chance, fred. yes or no.  hi, sweetheart.  listen, i tried to phone you before i left the office.  who's been on the phone.  the same person who's still on the phone.  what's the crisis.  greg's trying to get a blind date for his date's cousin.  i was phoning to see about getting a date with you.  how's your saturday night calendar.  oh, well, i was planning to spend a quiet evening at home with my husband.  oh, well, that sounds dull.  how about something more romantic.  candlelight dinner. quiet restaurant.  are you getting fresh with me, fella.  gee, if i'm not, i'm doing it all wrong.  you just got yourself a date.  good. now all we have to do is brush up on this.  ten easy steps to spanish.  mmhmm. isn't the menu in english.  no. we are entertaining mr. calderon and his wife from mexico city.  he's up here on a building deal with the company.  oh, i get itnow it's a business meeting with tacos.  no, honey, listen, you're going to have a good time.  they're a wonderful couple.  don't they speak english.  well, he does, but i'm not sure about his wife, so i thought it'd be a good idea to brush up on our spanish, make her feel more at home.  oh, honey, i haven't spoken spanish since college.  well, neither have i.  shall we, uh, habla espanoltogether.  i'llhablawith you anytime,seor.  "switch dates with you if linda turns out to be a dog".  thanks for nothing, tom.  no luck, huh.  you'd think i could find one guy willing to go out on a blind date.  well, see, i'm getting this tremendous beard, and...  you are.  well, i was wondering if i could use your razor to shave.  pete, you're too young to be shaving.  oh, yeah. well, i'm old enough to do a lot of things now.  pete.  peter: yeah.  uh, you've given me an idea.  buenas noches, miguel.  hey, practicing up for saturday night, huh.  si.  gooduh,muy bien.  yo tengogood news.  oh.que.  ourmuchachohas solved hisproblema.  oh,fantastico.  whichmuchacho and whichproblema.  greg, and, uh, i think he's found a date for hisnovia's,uh... prima.  found a date for his girlfriend's cousin.  si.and, uh, thecaballero'sname is felipe packer.   buenas dias, seors y seoritas.  buenas dias. buenas dias.  how come we're all speaking spanish.  we're practicing for your folks' guests from mexico.  this is my first swing at mexican cooking.  ole. the piece de resistance, as they say in the french quarter of tijuana: huevos rancheros.  they look like eggs.  huevosare eggs.  i'm not too sure whatrancherosmeans.  go ahead and try it, one bite at a time.  it's hot.  it's good.  i guess, in my case, rancherosmeans "flamethrower." now, i like it.  tonight's the nightour big double date.  yep. how about that.  it's really going to be tough concentrating in class.  well, listen, just try and put it out of your mind.  i don't want you leaving your game in the locker room.  boy, an older woman.  where are we going to take them.  drivein movie.  a drivein movie.  what's playing.  who cares.   yeah.   .  and care for the things we cherish and the ones we love each and every one of us has a natural, human instinct to cover.  covering is caring.  because covering heals 5 days faster.  bandaid brand ourlife on a mattress, but theright mattress can make the other twothirds that much better.  save up to 60% ontop brands at the sears memorial daymattress sale.  plus receive a $300award card.  sleep mattersto sears because dreams matterto you.  .  . if you want it .  . go out and get it .  these asleep, yet i'm so awake.  did you know your brain has two systems.  one helps keep you awakethe other helps you sleep.  science suggests when you have insomnia, the wake system in your brain may be too strong and your neurotransmitters remain too active as you try to sleep, which could be leading to your insomnia.  ..maybe that's what's preventing me from getting the sleep i need.  talk to your doctor about waysto manage your insomnia.  moment, your baby is getting more than clean.  your touch stimulates her senses and nurtures her mind.  and the johnson's scent, lather and bubbles help enhance the experience.  so why just clean your baby when you can give her so much more.  presents: how to plan for the future.  happy valentine's day.  happy birthday.  sorry i forgot our anniversary.  happy mother's day.  select hanging baskets now just 2 for $10 at lowe's.  to look more like a tissue box...  you may be muddling through allergies.  try zyrtec for powerful allergy relief.  and zyrtec is differentthan claritin.  because it starts working faster on the first day you take it.  zyrtec. muddle no more .  yourself for the boldest flavor ever to...  hit your mouth beer cheese beer cheese jalapeos bacon pork more bacon the daring new applebee'shandhelds menu, with free refills of fries.  raise a glass and lower the tab, and stay for late night halfprice apps.  only at applebee's.  try...  ...to cook healthy meals.  yet up to 90% fall short ingetting key nutrients from food alone.  let's do more...  ...add one a day men's 50+.  complete with key nutrients wemay need.  plus it helps support healthyblood pressure with vitamin d and magnesium.  5can toilet.  clorox toilet wand comespreloaded with cleaner, so you click, swish, and toss.  no more icky toilet brush.  i love it.  of course you do, mom.  disinfecting.for your real life.  this mustache was a good idea, huh.  yeah, yeah, it makes you look a few years older.  but remember, don't say too much.  you can be the strong, silent type.  that way, you can't make too many mistakes.  okay. you never did tell me what linda looks like.  looks like.   listen, to a dude like phil packer, it doesn't make any difference.  he treats them all alike. get it.  got it.  hi, greg.  hi, sandra.  i'd like you to meet phil packer.  hi.  hi, phil.  linda.  greg has told me a lot about you.  linda's looking forward to meeting you.  hi.  linda, i want you to meet greg brady and phil packer.  : hi.  hi.  which one of you is phil.  me. he's greg, i'm phil. right, greg.  yeah, right.  we'll get our things, be right back, okay.  greg: mmhmm.  boy. you really know how to pick them.  whew.  linda's the most beautiful woman i ever saw.  i hope i don't goof it up.  just take it easy, pete.  play it cool, huh.  do just what i do.  do what you do. got it.  sorry it took so long.  it took a long time.  it's kind of crowded.  a lot of people.  thanks. thank you.  enough butter on it.  plenty.  enough butter on it.  yeah, it's fine.  oh, i'm really sorry about that.  phil... phil.  i'm sorry. that's all right, phil.  phil, it... phil, it doesn't matter.  that's... it's all right.  here, you can have mine.  thank you.  what's that wild scent you're wearing.  exotica.   what's that wild scent you're wearing.  buttered popcorn.  i'm sorry about that.  have some.  oh, thanks.  : hi, ere.  what happened to your voice.  nothing, baby.  have you got a cold.  no, just devastatin' charm.    cindy: open up, peter.  jan: are you going to stay in there all night.  what took you so long.  i was shaving.  what, your legs.  for your information, i got whiskers.  yeah, i guess it took him all that time to find theonehe's got.  very funny.  hey, what are you all dressed up for.  i've got a date.  who's the unlucky girl.  what would you say if i told you i was taking out an older female.  an older female what.   ah,buenas noches seor calderon... y seora.  buenas noches, mr. brady.  buenas noches, seor.  entre, por favor.  muchas gracias.  bienvenidos.  mi casa es su casa.  thank you very much.  le presento a mi esposa, carol.  muchisimo gusto, seora.  very pleased to meet you.  tengo mucho gusto, seor y seora calderon.  i am juan.  my wife, maria.  i'm carol, and this is mike.  you speak spanish very well.  oh, thank you.  won't you please sit down.  yes, please.  gracias.  well, we're seldom able to use our spanish and we thought tonight was a perfect opportunity.  it is the same with us for... for english.  we had hoped to use it this evening.  oh, well, you go right ahead. that's a deal.  oh, alice nelson, seor and seora calderon.  es un placer.  tanto gusto.  tengo mucho gusto.  that's it for me and spanish.   well, we made reservations for this evening but if there's anything special you'd like, it's no trouble to change it.  well, if you're sure it's no trouble.  oh, no trouble at all, honest.  in that case, we would love to try one of your typical american dishes.  what's that.  pizza.  pizza. really.  really. si.  i don't know whether i know a good pizza place or not.  no, not a good one. let me see.  we do, dad.  marioni's is super.  we always go there.  yeah. marioni's has the greatest pizza.  kids ought to know pizza.  these are our daughters.  marcia, cindy and jan, seor and seora calderon.  girls: hello. hi.  tanto gusto.  hope you enjoy your stay here in town.  muchas gracias.  thank you.  nice meeting you.  nice talking to you.  have a nice dinner.  you have the most charming daughters.  juan says that the children reflect their parents.  thank you.  we were reflected three more times with sons.   they're out tonight.  well, if it's pizza you want, it's pizza you shall have.  : well, i cut to my right, then i cut to my left, then i ran 100 yards for a touchdown.  that's fantastic.  what a run, phil.  yeah, too bad it all happened in a dream.  you're just jealous, greg.   oh, that's great. thank you.  isn't this charming.  smells good.  i know exactly what i want.  one super size pizza with... how you say, "the works." make that two.  uhoh. what's spanish for "heartburn".  oh, mike.  phil, you are fantastic.  i've never kissed a fellow with a mustache before.  does it tickle.  you won't find out.  phil's with me.  remember.  sandra: waswith you.  don't fight, girls.  there's enough of me to go around.  i don't get this.  i understand we're having a meeting tomorrow morning on the preliminary plans.  yes, mike.  i wish to make a decision before we leave this weekend.  good, good.   is something wrong, seor calderon.  excuse me, but it is very embarrassing.  what is.  those children.  necking, as you say, in public.    pete.  oh, no.  what's the matter.  only everything.  those are our parents.  boy, do we have a lot of explaining to do to them.   boy, do we have a lot of explaining to do for you.  i hope we didn't ruin dad's deal with mr.  calderon.  yeah. or our lives at home.  hi.  hi.  hi.  hi.  hi.  how did it go with mr. calderon.  well, luckily, we're still in business.  oh, that's a relief.  good.  they didn't exactly approve of your xrated behavior but they did admire the way you and the girls told the truth.  we're really sorry about the whole thing.  boy, i really learned something.  one, you act your age.  and two, you don't try to be something you're not.  and three...  yes.  you find out in advance what restaurant your mom and dad are going to and go someplace else.     oh.   anoverprotective parent.  this is a table cover, just in case she clunks herhead.  every house has hidden dangers.  this is her safety vest, which she wears whenever sheis outside.  and worst of all, fleas andticks.  fortunately, petsmart has lotsof flea and tick products.  and they can help you find theright one for your pet.  did you know flea babies eattheir mom's poop.  my...  before pethood gets itchy, petsmart has k9 advantix ii forup to 10 dollars off.  for every sixpack purchased at petsmart, bayer will donate a treatment topetsmart charities.  'cause pethood needs a partner.  right now, verizon is offeringunlimited talk and text.  plus 10 gigsof shareable data.  yeah, 10 gigantic gigs.  for $80 a month.  and $15 per line.  more data than ever.  for more ofwhat you want.  on the network that's#1 in speed, call,data, and reliability.  so you never have to settle.  $80 a month.  for 10 gigs.  and $15 per line.  stop byor visit us online.  and save withoutsettling.  only on verizon.  5can toilet.  clorox toilet wand comespreloaded with cleaner, so you click, swish, and toss.  no more icky toilet brush.  i love it.  of course you do, mom.  disinfecting.for your real life.  presents: how to install a new washing machine with one finger.  maybe a little more that way.  nice.  now get 10 to 30% offselect major appliances $396 and more at lowe's.  that.  you.  it's me.  alright emma, i know it's not your favorite but it's time for your medicine, okay.  you ready.  one, two, three.   . emma, emma bobemma .  . bananafanafofemma .  . feefifofemma .  . emma .  very good sweety, how do you feel.  good.  yeah. you did a really good job, okay.  to nurses everywhere, thank you,from johnson & johnson.  .  fruit with a cool finish.  fruit on one side,cool on the other.  ice breakers duo, a fruity cool wayto break the ice.  .  .  .  .  nothing will keep you from magnum double caramel.  silky vanilla bean ice cream and rich caramel sauce all covered in thick chocolate.  magnum, the only ice cream bar made with belgian chocolate.  .  be the hero of your house when you save big on a wide selection ofappliances from kenmore and the most trusted nationalbrands from sears.  come to sears during thememorial day event and save 40% or more onappliance hot buys.  like this kenmore stainlesssteel refrigerator for $1199.99.  or take home this kenmore topload washer or dryer at $449.99 each.  plus get 10% off other topappliance brands.  so hurry into sears. discovermore at sears.com ever gummy multivitamin from centrum.  ..  ..  ..  and metabolism like neverbefore.  centrum multigummies.  see gummies in a wholenew light.  close, werther's is making sugar free caramels classic hard and now new chewy.  that are so smooth, rich and creamy you won't believe they're sugar free.  discover werther's originalsugar free.  shouldn't be a problem, your credit is in pretty goodshape.  pretty good. i know i have a798 fico score, thanks to the tools andhelp on experian.com.  kaboom...  well, i just have a fewother questions.  chuck, the only otherquestion you need to ask is, "what else can you do for me." i'll just take a water...  get your credit swagger on.  become a member of experiancredit tracker and find out your fico scorepowered by experian.  fico scores are used in 90% ofcredit decisions.  improved i can't believe it's not butter.  100% taste, 0% artificial preservatives.  made with a blend of deliciousoils, purified water, and just a pinch of salt.  two, please.  i can't believe it's not butter.  100% taste, 0% artificial preservatives.  moment, your baby is getting more than clean.  your touch stimulates her senses and nurtures her mind.  and the johnson's scent, lather and bubbles help enhance the experience.  so why just clean your baby when you can give her so much more.  season, will you be a sound sleeper, or a mouth breather.  well, put on a breathe right strip and instantly open your nose up to 38% more than allergy medicines alone.  so you can breathe and sleep.  shut your mouthand sleep right.  breathe right.  her long.  she says she has a date with an older man, so she wants to make herself look older.  i wonder how she'll do that.  jan: does this make me look any older.   marcia: oh, come on.   here's the story    of a lovely lady    who was bringing up    three very lovely girls    all of them hadhair of gold    like their mother    the youngest onein curls    it's the storyof a man named brady    who was busy withthree boys of his own    they were four menliving all together    yet theywere all alone    till the one daywhen the lady met this fellow    and they knew that it wasmuch more than a hunch    that this groupmust somehow form a family    that's the way we allbecame the brady bunch    the brady bunch    the brady bunch    that's the waywe became the brady bunch.    captioning sponsored byparamount television hi, pete.  struck out again, huh.  i'll be as old as you before i find a job.  why don't you become a brain surgeon.  they make lots of loot.   hang in there.  something's bound to turn up. )