chorus: hickory dickory dock the mouse ran up the clock the clock struck 1:00 and down he comes hickory dickory dock that's almost as much fun as playing pinthetailonthepinky. ha ha ha ha. zort. i am writing this down to preserve my true story, for i am the brain in a struggle for glory. it happened last night, as some hot tea i swirled. i hatched a new plan to take over the world. hickory dickory dock brain beat his mental block the clock struck 2:00 so let's review hickory dickory dock  this game sure is fun. my ears are all ringing. it isn't the clock, it's your head that is dinging. focus now, pinky, i'll tell you my plan. i'll make all the clocks chime from here to japan. how is that different. don't act like a dunce. all over the world, clocks will all chime at once. aah. brain: they'll chime and they'll chime without signs of stopping. folks will plug up their ears to keep them from popping. then in my moment, my glorious hour, for during the chaos, i'll rise into power. hickory dickory dirk his plan was sure to work the clock struck 3:00, yea, verily hickory dickory dirk unh. brain: so i plotted my plot and planned all my plans out. i'm helping you, too, i got all the pans out. when all the clocks ring, causing eardrums to shatter, i'll bang on this stuff and join in the clatter. stop making that noise while i'm trying to think. make yourself useful. fetch something to drink. zort. i'm having problems with crystals aligning. but, brain, i just thoughtnow, pinky, stop whining. dickory hockery dire the mouse began to tire the clock struck 4:00  and furthermore dickory hockery dire  hey, awaken, you're making me sleepy. narf. in this light, brain, your head's really creepy. don't make me hurt you. there's no time for resting. pinky: all rightyo, brain. we must begin testing. that grandfather clock will help test my device. but how can a clock be a grandpa to mice. there, it's turned on now, and grandfather's chiming. egad. my head hurts from all of this rhyming. dickory thickory tong the plan was going wrong the clock struck 5:00 can they survive. dickory thickory tong pinky: brain struggled to fix his clock chiming thingy. it made funny sounds like "tock tick pong pingy. " then it was finished. brain's set it and smirked. he went for a nap. he was quite overworked. hunkery munkery dime the clocks began to chime across the land just as brain planned hunkery munkery dime shh. poit. shh, shh. i woke with a start. what time is it, pinky. the hands are like this. then something is stinky. how did i sleep through the global clock riot. you told me no noise. i made everything quiet. hickory dickory dock the mouse threw out the clock the brain struck one so now we're done they're dinky they're pinky and the brain brain, brain, brain brain pinky: cuckoo, cuckoo, cuckoo. warner bros. captioned by the national ) )