warner bros. gee, brain, what do you want to do tonight. the same thing we do every night, pinky, try to take over the world. they're pinky and the brain and larry yes, pinky and the brain and larry one is a genius the other's insane and the other one's larry they're laboratory mice so's larry along with larry their genes have been spliced they're dinky, they're pinky and the brain and larry brain, brain, brain and larry, and larry, and larry brain, brain and larry, and larry brain, brain, brain and larry, and larry, and larry before each night is done larry will wake up their plan will be unfurled all 3 of 'em by the dawning of the sun larry likes the sun they'll take over the world and larry will help they're pinky and the brain and larry yes, pinky and the brain and larry their twilight campaign is easy to explain larry will explain it to prove their mousy worth along with larry they'll overthrow the earth and so will larry they're dinky, they're pinky and the brain and larry brain, brain, brain and larry, and larry, and larry brain, brain and larry, and larry brain, brain larry, larry, larry, larry pinky: narf. larry says "narf," too. tonight's plan is my masterpiece, pinky and, uh, larry. hi there. ooh. poit. i particularly like all the squiggly lines. yeah. those are not just squiggly lines, pinky and larry. hello. this is the formula for the synchronoplastic remote controller. with this device, i shall be able to control every remote controller in the country. ooh. will it be able to control all the garagedoor openers, too, brain. and larry. hi there. hmm. with just a few modifications, it could. why, that's brilliant, pinky and larry. are you pondering what i'm pondering. i think so, larry and, um, brain, but how can we get 7 dwarves to shave their legs. i'm going to have to hurt you, larry. but, brain, what did i do. nothing. with everyone's car locked in their garages, they'll be forced to use bicycles, crippling the petroleum industry and bringing the world to its knees. i'm larry. unfortunately, to complete the synchronoplastic remote controllerexcuse me, larry. rrr. ok. yaah. i need a gyroscopic transducer chip, available only with a white house security code. oh, too bad, brain and larry. i mean, it's not like we can just march right up to the white house and go inside. oh, my, no. we can't, pinky, butoh, and larrybut do you know who can. carrot top. ow. no, pinky. hello. and larry. ok. ok. wallpaper hangers can get into the white house. come. there's no time to lose. i'm larry. you look awfully small for wallpaper hangers. actually we are attempting to take over the world and, uh, that's larry. hello. ha ha ha. ah, you wacky little wallpaper hangers. go on in. we'll work our way toward the security room. come over here with that ladder. ok. aah. grrr. unh. why, you lamebrain. i oughtta gangway. umph. oh, that's a lovely pattern, isn't it, um i'm the one named larry. narf. it looks a little lumpy. you ninny. i'll put some lumps on you.  oh.  ow ow ow ow ow ow. brain, larry, cheese. brain, larry, cheese. you knucklehead. aah and larry. butler: 3 wallpaper hangers. actually, he's just well he's larry. hmph. i could believe but 3. say, who are you trying to fool. i'm throwing you out.  narf. i thought that plan was really going to work, brain and, um, larry. so did i, pinky and larry. hello. there was something wrong tonight, but what. was it our costuming. no. i'm larry. our faulty paperhanging technique. hmm. not that. hi there. no, pinky and larry. it's all about teamwork, that special chemistry, the yin and the yang. and larry. no. that's it. it's just yin and yang. there shouldn't be a larry. zort. am i the yin or the yang. i don't know, pinky, but he is definitely the larry. oh, all right. i can take a hint. i'm changing my name to art and finding a new career. listen to the smells of loudness turn that thing off. we have to prepare for tomorrow night. what are we going to do tomorrow night, brain. the same thing we do every night, pinky, try to take over the world without larry.  hello. who are you. i'm zeppo. they're dinky, they're pinky and the brain, brain and zeppo brain, brain, brain zeppo, zeppo, zeppo, zeppo. in tonight's plan, pinky, we shall confuse humanity into submission. by asking them how marisa tomei won an oscar. no. by stranding them in hopeless mental and physical gridlock through the use of technology. naaarrf. brain: observe, pinky. our first guinea pig. scientist: hmm what is it. i can't tell. no. it doesn't work for me.  yes. the experiment is an unqualified success. egad. what did you hide in that poster, brain, a picture of kenny kingston. i am not cruel, pinky. the cryptic genius of my plan is that hidden in this poster is no secret message of any kind whatsoever. no secret message. poit. um, oh, you're right, brain. that is confusing. we shall construct a series of magiceye billboards and 11 miles wide over the nation's freeways. as the confounded commuters struggle in vain to decipher the nonexistent messages, they will become stranded in a neverending rush hour, thus giving us an opportunity to seize power. oof. brilliant, brain. oh, wait. no, no. what if the pictures just make people all wobbly and sick. then there will be a lot of cleaning up to do. now come. we must obtain an inordinate amount of steel to construct the frames for our billboards. zort. how will we get the steel, brain. reparations, pinky. we shall take the steel by birthright. we better sign up for lamaze classes, then. many a species has been driven to the brink of extinction through man's callous disregard for nature, but there may be no story more tragic than that of the fabled mousealope. mousealope. zort. isn't that a furcovered cantaloupe. no, pinky. that would be your head. oh, right. ho ho ha ha ha. mousealopes were once as common as ordinary field mice, pinky. they grazed on the sweet spring grass and nurtured their young in peace until mother. why is everyone so still on the meadow. man is in the forest.  brain: sadly, they were hunted into extinction for their majestic antlers, which made perfect toothpicks. poit. oh, how sad. is it all true. that's what it says on the back of this gift shop postcard. and people have believed it for years. but weep not, pinky. though the world has seen neither hide nor horn of them in over a hundred years, the mousealopes are about to make a spectacular comeback. oh, i hope mike nesmith joins them this time.  brain, come quick. i see a mousealope. oh, now be quiet, or you'll startle it. too late. wahhaahoo. ulp. narf. ha ha ha hoo. come, pinky. we are off to reclaim the sacred breeding ground of our forefathers. the city dump. no, pinky. the city of pittsburgh, pennsylvaniasteel capital of the united states. soon, all the steel in these mills will be ours. ohh. and we can make slinkys. ooh, i just love slinkys. then why don't you marry one. hoo ha ha. good one, brain. witty. heh. narf. i, too, have my moments of jocularity, pinky. i see something. doe. a deer. a female deer. can't tell. retreat. waah. yaah. ooh. ooh. this is a pain that is nearly flawless.  yes. now it is perfect. there they are. stop. you talking to me. these are endangered animals. look at this gift shop postcard. what's a mousealope. that's us. mousealope. why, it's the rarest species in north america, and you almost killed them. shame on you. does that mean we can't eat 'em. the poll numbers are not encouraging, sir. your charisma quotient is well, nonexistent. and your cuteandcuddly count is even worse. people need to know that del monte cares about something, but what does del monte care about. well, you'd better think of something quick. what about this, sir. previously believed extinct, the discovery today of a pair of rare north american mousealopes has stunned the entire country. mousealope. what's that. doesn't matter, sir. they're cute. and cuddly. hmm. del monte cares about the mousealopes.  that is why del monte has authored the mousealope protection act, which will let these cute and cuddly fellows propagate unabated. won't we need special shoes to do that, brain. ooh.  pittsburgh is now officially mousealope country.  "mousealopes. " mmhmm. "granted full protection of the endangered species act. " mmhmm. "do not remove tag under penalty of law. " mmhmm. "all rights reserved. " ahem. good people of pittsburgh, lend me your ears. huh. woman: what. he can speak. it would be impossible to erase the nightmare my species has endured for the past 100 years. for just pennies a day, you can save a hungry mousealope. oof. your sponge, sir.  brain: but this landmark legislation will serve to repair the great injustice that mankind has perpetrated on the mousealopes.  by giving back the sacred breeding ground of our ancestors, which includes the legal ownership of your entire city and all of its steel mills.  uh, not a good time to be clapping, sir. definitely not a good time. you have 48 hours to vacate your homes and businesses, or you shall be forcibly relocated by order of the mousealope protection act. thank you for your warm reception. y'all come back now, you hear. troz.  brain: * pittsburgh is my land * it isn't your land go find your own land 'cause this is my land please find your way to the nearest eeexit pittsburgh's for mousealopes only brain: the dogalope the chimpalope the grizzly bearalope the fishalope and, lest we forget the manalope. all of these creatures once roamed free across this great land. don't let their fate befall this little fellow. this is a mousealope. this is a mousealope in a frying pan. sizzle. yaah. sizzle. ooh. any questions. ha ha ha ha. narf. a mousealope is a terrible thing to waste. pinky and brain: * pittsburgh's for mousealopes only * brain: paid for by n. a. a. m. the national association for the advancement of mousealopes. and the best actor award goes to marlon brando.  hello. i am a mousealope. i am representing marlon brando this evening. marlon has asked me to tell you that he cannot accept this award due to the treatment of the mousealopes by all of humanity.  brain: i hope that in the future, we will all live together in love and generosity. and by the way, get out of pittsburgh. thank you, on behalf of marlon brando.  and, uh, since he doesn't want the award, i'll take it. mob: mousealopes, no. we won't go. mousealopes, no. we won't go. newscaster: protecting the mousealopesan act of environmental compassion, or a stupid political blunder. the debate rages on. senator, critics are saying you favor cute little rodents over highpaying jobs. poppycockadoodledoo. del monte hates the mousealopes. well, aren't you waffling from your previous position, sir. of course not. everybody knows that del monte's a pancake man. offering a counterpoint to senator del monte, actor and activist martin sheen joins us from his home on mars. uh, i mean malibu. thanks, fred. i'd just like to welcome the mousealopes back from extinction and tell them how sorry i am about the terrible way they've been treated. they're always welcome here in malibu. i'm sure they are. coming up, we'll hear from the mousealopes themselves.   pinky, do i look cute and cuddly enough for our nationally televised appearance. um, uhuhare you going to eat that, brain, or are you saving it for later. spinach. drat. well, if you're not going to eat it, can i have it. oh, you can have it, pinky, anytime. well, thankoop. where can i find a blasted toothpick. pancakes, waffles. why didn't you tell me i'd be debating the 4 food groups.  you have to see this. sir, you won't believe it. huh. boy, those antlers sure come in handy. fred: and so the people of pittsburgh, pennsylvania, forced from their homes by the mousealope protection act, begin their exodus in the spirit of cooperation and brotherly love. get out of the road, clown. behold, pinky. the city isoof. ours. oh ho, brain. stop clowning around. ha ha. if our moment of triumph weren't nearly upon us, i would feel obliged to hurt you. the city belongs to us, pinky. do you know what that means. we can run wild and free in our underpants. no, pinky. the pittsburgh steel is ours.  does this mean i can finally rub the top of terry bradshaw's head. poit. aah. we can set phase 2 of our plan into motion. oh, that. zort. well, it looks like we'll have a lot of help. help. hmm. from the mousealopes. pinky, it's all a scam. there are no other mousealopes.  yeow. ooh. aah. aah. argh. man: this should help our boss get elected. and due to the wanton proliferation of the mousealopes, which is threatening the delicate ecological balance of this great land, del monte is very proud to support the controlled hunting of mousealopes.  um, are we about to become extinct again, brain. no, pinky, not while we can still run. aah. there. 2 perfect mousealope specimens for our lab. oh, cheer up, brain. we could always go to work for santy claus. ha ha haoh. at least we're being taken back to the lab, pinky, where we can pack for our malibu trip. malibu. are we gonna take over the world from there. no. i just don't want to pass up an invitation to martin sheen's house. they're dinky, they're pinky and the brain, brain, brain, brain, brain warner bros. captioned by the national www. ncicap. org ) )