gee, brain, what do you want to do tonight. the same thing we do every night, pinky, try to take over the world. they're pinky and the brain yes, pinky and the brain one is a genius the other's insane they're laboratory mice their genes have been spliced they're dinky they're pinky and the brain brain, brain, brain brain, brain, brain, brain, brain before each night is done their plan will be unfurled by the dawning of the sun they'll take over the world they're pinky and the brain yes, pinky and the brain their twilight campaign is easy to explain to prove their mousey worth they'll overthrow the earth they're dinky they're pinky and the brain brain, brain, brain brain, brain, brain, brain narf. warner bros. this spray is part of my most ambitious plan for world dominationa leather repellent. do you know what it will mean when people cannot be close to leather. pat boone will go back to wearing double knits. oohaah. a positive side effect, but no. once people are exposed to the formula, they will be unable to touch their wallets, rendering them incapable of spending money. brilliant, brain. um, but wait, no. what if they have vinyl wallets. people with vinyl wallets have no money, pinky. economies around the globe will fail. as chaos ensues, i will rise to power. by releasing a concentrated amount of leather repellent high into the atmosphere at the instant atmospheric conditions and wind patterns are right, the mist will be blown to the far reaches of the globe. according to my calculations, the spray must be released at exactly 10 p. m. on october 2 from this precise point: the pitcher's mound of the new hampshire pineapples stadium. in order to do that, you and i, pinky, will become the star players of this expansion team. ohh, i can hardly wait, brain. um, one thing, though: the baseball is the pointy one, right. no, pinky, that would be your head. eek. narf. ooh. we haven't a moment to lose, pinky. pack our bags. oh, goody, brain. i do love a holiday. what are they doing in there, brain. playing baseball, pinky. a sport rooted deep in american culture. our national pastime. the field of dreams. the house that ruth built.  ruth buzzi. yes, pinky, that famous baseball player ruth buzzi. she's right there in cooperstown next to that other great ballplayer, jo anne worley. well, at least she has company. poit. don't you know anything about baseball, pinky. um hmm no. brain: baseball is a thrilling contest between highly trained athletes striving toward excellence before a throng of adoring fans. you bunch of losers. we want our money back. you bums. losers.  yeah.  what. huh. huh. oh, uh, strike 3. game over. oh, yeah. well, i don't care how much you care about the home team. you're fired. goodbye, mom. you call yourself a manager. we haven't won a game in 3 years. the new hampshire pineapples are the laughingstock of the league. do you know what you are.  fired. no, not  "fired" fired. yaa. no more slop. no more slop. all: no more slop. no more slop. i need a new manager, a natural leader. someone with a vision, with aa brain. did you hear that, pinky. are you pondering what i'm pondering. i think so, brain, but shouldn't the bat boy be wearing a cape. as fascinating as that question is, pinky, it will have to wait. right now, i must be the next playerslashmanager of the new hampshire pineapples. i don't care if you are a telephone. you're fired. who in the blazes are you two. you're fired. actually, you'd have to hire us first. i know. i hate that. and why would i want to hire you. i am, uh sparky labraina, the world's keenest baseball mind. and this is my protgpinky rodriguez. where. that's you, pinky. oh. i thought it sounded familiar. poit. i understand you are looking for a manager. in the tradition of the great ty cobb, i am a playerslashmanager. you guys are sure small. yes, well, we are from the diminutive republic. oh. yeah, of course. uh, what did you want again. my quest is neverending: to win the world. series. do you mean you can win the world series. yes. now that's the kind of positive thinking we need around here. you're hired. to reiterate yes. pineapple fans, i give you our new playerslashmanager sparky labraina.  today, i consider myself a mouse trying to take over the world. series. brain: whatever. now, pinky, listen as i bolster the team spirit by regaling them with baseball's traditional hackneyed clichs. narf. pineapples, you may not have won a game in 3 seasons, but remember, it hasn't concluded until there is closure. all: huh. uh, that is, until the woman with the eating disorder ululates. now, get out there and win one for the, uh uh, brainer. ooh, so many big words, brain. yes. you see, by using big words, i have gained the players' respect.  well, perhaps the words weren't quite big enough. this is van spoony from beautiful pineapple stadium, bringing you the fifth inning of this baseball contest between the new hampshire pineapples and the san jose malamutes.  and be sure to eat lots of farmer ron's pork fat pineapple dogs. just like at the ball park. van spoony: ball's hit deep. rodriguez goes back, back, back, back, back, and he's waved off by labraina. my goodness. oof. ow. that's gotta hurt. ninth inning. one out, one man on, rodriguez at the plate, the score is 2 to 2. ptoo. swing and a miss strike 3. and that brings labraina to the plate. not much of a strike zone on this guy. ptoo. uh, brain, you forgot to scratch. oh. you're right, pinky. van spoony: here's the pitch yaa. van spoony: oh labraina's hit. they'll have to send in a new pinch runner. the malamutes' hershel horkheiser is trying to put the squeeze on the pineapples today, but he doesn't want to go down in the record books as the first pitcher to let them win a game in 3 years. brain: yaa. oof. van spoony: it's a hard hit ball down the third baseline. brain: yaa. van spoony: it's gonna be close. you're out. wait. i am not a ball. huh. huh. i am a mouse bent on global domination. he's right. he's not a ball. safe. game over. van spoony: talk about a sacrifice play. the pineapples win. reporter: sparky labraina, you've led your team to their first win in 3 years. what are you going to do now. i'm going to the emergency room.  ow.  make me the whole world's leader make me ruler of all give me jurisdiction o'er everything it doesn't matter if he can't sing together: * it's bow, bow, bow to your leader * salute when his flag is unfurled brain: * and you'll all get a free season pass * when i win the world  and remember, when the going gets tough, the tough get more committed to their ultimate objective. all: huh. oh, you're getting better with those clichs, brain. that's because i've never lost the common touch, pinky. i don't think you'll ever lose that sticky feeling either, brain. narf. brain you forgot to add my name to the lineup. i've, uh, got a new important position for you, pinky. bench warmer. wow. ohh, thank you, brain. there. wonder where they keep the pillow shams.  safe. announcer: the pineapples are tied in the division. what. he was safe by 1. 2 kilometers. he was out. safe, you overweight, visionimpaired ignoramus. what did you call me. i called you a lowmetabolism, myopic moron. huh. a big fat dumb guy. that's what i thought you said. you're outta here.   now as a token of my disrespect, i shall kick some soil upon your footwear. aah.  i wish you would stop that, pinky. oh, sorry, brain, but it's loads of fun, and, frankly, i'm getting bored with benchwarming. oh, but there's a whole other vital dimension to your vocation, pinky. you have to collect splinters as well. the team does need me. yes, my friend, and i need to be on the pitcher's mound at 10 p. m. tonight to release my leather repellent so that i can take over the world. van spoony here, baseball fans, for the last game of the season with first place up for grabs. it's the bottom of the ninth, in this scoreless tie. what a pitchers' duel we've got going. take a look at this pitch from last inning. oh, baby, that was a real smoker. and so are these farmer ron's gristle sticks i'm cooking up. and if i know pineapple playerslashmanager sparky labraina, he's cooking up a little something, too. brain: this game must end now. what are those. i've been collecting splinters just like you asked me, brain. look. i made this out of them. i call it thunderpoit. i'm glad the occupational therapy is working, pinky, but we have more pressing matters to attend to. i need to be on the pitcher's mound in 2 minutes to release my leather repellent. there's only one way to assure this game ends quickly. um, we go out on strike. in a manner of speaking, pinky. you go in and strike out. narf. go to the plate and remember my hand signals. if my arms are crossed, don't swing. you only swing if i wave my arms, which i won't do. remember, you must strike out to end this game immediately. now go out there and do your best to do your worst. can do, brain. oh, i hope i don't do my worst to do my best to do my worst. van spoony: what's this. labraina is putting in a pinch hitter. a courageous move. huh. oh, no. pinky, no. wait. no. pinky, don'tcross arms, don't swing. shake hands, swing. troz. got it, brain. of course, he could hit a home run. oh, i must be deluding myself. he's he'spinky. van: and here's the pitch. rodriguez swings and connects. that ball is going, going, gone. yes. yes. van spoony: the pineapples win the division title. the pineapples win the division title. still time. i've got one minute to release my leather repellent.  wait. i must get to the pitcher's mound. put me down. no. george beanstainer: congratulations, labraina. you're fired. aah. aah. fired. but why. it's what i do. deal with it. i've failed again, pinky. but you said it wasn't concluded until the lady with the eating disorder yodelayheehooed or something. you're right, pinky. come. we must return to the lab and prepare for tomorrow night. why, brain. what are we going to do tomorrow night, trade anecdotes about our athletes' careers. no, pinky, trade antidotes for our athlete's foot. and thentry to take over the world. they're dinky they're pinky and the brain brain, brain, brain, brain announcer: and now the executive producer of pinky and the brain, steven spielberg. greetings. i'd like to take this time to congratulate the pinky and the brain show on its success and all the awards it's won me. ehthat it's won. awards such as "the best lab animal in a film" award, "the big head of pauly shore" award for the most unexpected and unexplainable success, the canadian football league's coveted pigskin lava lamp, and of course this little gem, the emmy, which we really can't show you because, uh, they'll sue us. but all this would not have been possible had it not been for the inspirational performances like these narf. narf. ha ha ha. narf. narf. narf. what is "narf.". do you mind telling me what that is. narf. narf. ha ha ha ha ha. what am i doing here. and let's not forget to pay homage to the show's articulate dialogue, dialogue such as this. we'll be there before you can yell poit. we'll reach mars before i yell "poit.", pinky. poit. poit. poit. poit. poit. poit. poit. poit. poit. poit. poit. blah.  pppppppoit.  it, uh, stirs up emotions in me ii didn't even know i had.  such feeling, such passion. this show is a testament to the power of love, a love between 2 lab mice shown through the mutual respect of one for the other. egad, brain. brilliant. egad, brain. egad, brain. brilliant. egad, brain. egad, brain. brilliant. egad, brain. brilliant. egad. you astound me, brain. that's a simple task, pinky. this program is not only cinematically brilliant, it's powerful and thoughtprovoking. are you pondering what i'm pondering. i think so, brain. but where are we going to find a duck and a hose at this hour. if jimmy cracks corn and no one cares, why does he keep doing it. but we're already naked. but burlap chafes me so. but isn't a cucumber that small called a gherkin. balancing a family and a career, it's all too much for me. but this time you wear the tutu. but the rockettes, i mean it's mostly girls, isn't it. but the best part is that every show has a hardhitting message. hoo hoo hoo. now i feel cleansed. i just got to tell you i am so proud to be part of this production, i'm getting goose bumpy all over. it's funfun, sillywilly. narf. zort. poit.  pinky. oh, hi, brain. i was just playing with your new robothingy. yes, i've noticed. how many times have i told you it is not a toy. this is my greatest technological masterpiecethe schpielborg i spared no expense. your play pal, pinky, is actually an extremely advanced cybernetic clone of one of hollywood's most powerful figures. and if his box office numbers are any indication, he has the potential to become ruler of the world. i thought you said you were going to be ruler of the world. i am, pinky. after swapping places with the real steven spielberg, i will rise to power in the schpielborg 2000 and take over the world. yes. super neato, brain. what's this button do. pinky, you've activated the schpiel program. now the robot will act out random scenes from classic spielberg films. there's no stopping it. jump. so the shark's swimming towards the police chief, and the chief says, "you're gonna need a bigger boat," and then the mathematician says, "if the pirates of the caribbean breaks down, the pirates don't eat the tourists. " and then the adorable little alien says, "e. t. phone home. " ok, watch the skies, please. doo doo doo doo doo then the trex attacks beautiful downtown burbank. grrr. oh, back to the drawing board to plan for tomorrow night. why, brain. what are are going to do tomorrow night. the same thing we do every night, pinky, try to take over the world with the ted turnerator. they're dinky they're pinky and the brain brain brain brain brain warner bros. captioned by the national www. ncicap. org ) )