gee, brain, what do you want to do tonight. the same thing we do every night, pinky, try to take over the world. they're pinky and the brain yes, pinky and the brain one is a genius the other's insane they're laboratory mice their genes have been spliced they're dinky they're pinky and the brain brain, brain, brain brain, brain, brain, brain, brain before each night is done their plan will be unfurled by the dawning of the sun they'll take over the world they're pinky and the brain yes, pinky and the brain their twilight campaign is easy to explain to prove their mousey worth they'll overthrow the earth they're dinky they're pinky and the brain brain, brain, brain brain, brain, brain, brain pinky: narf. captioning made possible by warner bros. test scores are dropping at an alarming rate. yeah, schmeerskahoven announcer: previously on pinky and the brain someone is using the schmeerskahoven as the means to a nefarious end. newscaster: the countdown is on as every man, woman, and child on the planet prepares for tomorrow's gigantic global, really humongous schmeerskahoven athon for world peace. the world is in peril, and we only have one hope of getting out of here. i'll get you out, brain. hang on. hey. like, what's with all the racket,  buhuhdy. well, at first i was smashing my head against the glass to get my friends out. then i realized it just felt really good. narf. heh. really. hey, that does feel good   what a lightweight. i'll go get some smelling salts so he can try again. zort. no, pinky, use the keys. good idea. ow. ha ha ha. ow. ha ha ha. ow. ha ha ha. evidently, i'm not going to have to hurt you, pinky. pinky: oh, this is so thrilling. the 3 of us working together just like the baldwin brothers. yes, and i am alec, the one with the manly chest hair and authoritative voice. no. you're steven, the one with the big, sloping forehead. and i'm billy, the goodlooking one. whatever. now, would you mind telling me where we're headed. we're going to the island of dr. mordough. dr. mordough.. dr. mordough.. poit. who's that. the geneticist who transformed us from common rodents into beings of superior intellect and you, pinky. hello, my little rodent friends. i have fruit. how about an orange. look. aah.  oh, right. the funny fruit man. i remember. he had that pet cat i used to play with. unh. ha ha ha. again. oh, we had such good times, precious and i.  those were the days. i thought dr. mordough retired. actually, i hired him away secretly to help me devise plans to take over the world. dr. mordough: i'll make the world a fruit salad it can't refuse. but one day, he stopped returning my calls. i sent my lawyers to his island to threaten him  and they never came back. mordough's gone mad. mad, i say. he's the one who signed the papers committing me to that horrible asylum. you think that makes him crazy. i think it makes him a genius. ha. ohh i've changed my mind. you're not a baldwin brother at all. you're a bottoms brother. you're a mandrell sister. let's take this outside. good idea. after you. no, after ywhoa. whoa. wait a minute both: who's flying the plane. i'm a bunny aah. aah.   did either of you happen to save any of those small packets of peanuts. i'm famished. narf. you know, snowball, it might actually be to our benefit to at least try to work together. yes. i suppose teamwork is in order. uhh. ha ha ha ha.  snowball: dr. mordough's compound.  wild beasts. worse. those are my lawyers. dr. mordough turned my lawyers into bloodhungry savages. zort. how can you tell.    dr. mordough. brain: and he's playing the schmeerskahoven. look at all the hats, brain. zort. oh, i miss them so. so it was mordough who imprisoned us in the hat village. however shall we thank him. by preventing him from taking over the world. ahem. hey, mordough, they just opened a new fruit salad shack down the road, and everything's free today. free fruit salad. thanks, but i already ate buhuhdy.  mordough has been dumbed down. by his own plan. woman: not his plan. mine. meowrrr pinky: precious, it's it's you.  hiss and, my, what a big head you have. the better to outsmart you with, my dear. meowrrr oh, you don't need a big head to do that. ha ha ha. heh heh heh heh. i hate clowns.   you must think you're pretty clever, escaping from my land of hats. i'll make sure you never escape again. but first, i must play with that shiny thing over there.  oh, precious  what happened to that little kitty who used to bat me around and scratch me so sweetly. that kitty no longer exists. i was purrfectly happy living in the lab. i was cared for loved and most of all i waspretty. meow until that fateful day when everything changed.  yes, i was brilliant, but i wasn't pretty anymore.  so i ran away. a hungry kitty, mommy. can we take it home. oh, all right, dear.  get away. away. i don't want that kitty, mommy. it'sugly. precious: nobody loves a kitty with a big, fat head. i was a pariah. the lowest of the low doomed to consort with creatures as hated as i was. waaah. like a scary party clown and well, so far, that's it. i decided to make humanity pay for what its science did to me. but how. then i found the answer.  for if people were stupid enough to dance like that, they would do anything. i found mordough working for snowball. amazed by my brilliance, he unwittingly allowed me to use him as my test subject. with mordough's stateoftheart equipment at my disposal, i soon perfected the movements of the schmeerskahoven, and i had lots of lovely boxes to hide in. i needed a group who'd sing any annoying little ditty, swedish supergroup baab fit the bill. ya, that's a happy song. we record it, sure. tomorrow, when the entire planet performs the schmeerskahoven, mankind will finally pay, becoming my kitty slaves. kitties. can i have one. the schmeerskahoven doesn't make people act like kitties. it does when they perform the heretofore unheard third verse.  precious: * drop down to your knees and try to look pretty * chase your tail in a circle and meow like a kitty meow. * hey, schmeerskahoven *  good kitty. ahh. mmm, that looks good. you're sick, precious. with mankind turned into cats, industry will cease to exist. the world will be plunged back into the dark ages. oh, no. i'm afraid of the dark. well, i doubt you'll be concerned with any of that. snowball: a gene splicer. you're going to send us back through the gene splicer. do you know what that will do. of course. the process will turn you back into ordinary rodents. you'll lose your intelligence. lose our intelligence. nooo. anything but that. i don't think you have that much to worry about, pinky. whew. any last requests. poit. well, i'd really like one of those kitty treats. i haven't had a bite all day. very well. my grumbly tummy thanks you. so long, boys. wait. wouldn't this all be easier if you just sent yourself back through the gene splicer. you'd be pretty again. it's too late for that. i want revenge. but first, i feel the urge to run frantically around the house for no particular reason. ohif only we could get out. i swear i'd change my ways. sorry, snowball. it looks like this is the end of the line. yes. how sad we never got what we wanted out of life. whoa, speak for yourself. i've got this delicious, nutritious, fishflavored treat. meow. snowball: go away, worthless cat. wait. pinky, give me that kitty treat. well, you could've asked for your own. poit. you never let me keep anything. come on, mordough.  want a yummy fishflavored treat. meow good boy. jump. jump. yes. no. good kitty snowball, help. you said you were going to change your ways. and you believed me. ha ha. hasta la vista, losers.  uh, now, now you're not still mad about those christmas bonuses. whythere must be for bubble wrap.  whew uhoh. aah. poor snowball. i'm afraid his ways are changed for good. pinky: aww, look how cute he is, too. narf. are we going to go after them in that other helicopter and stop that bad old puddytat, brain. yes, pinky, but first, we have some research and development to do in mordough's lab. now come. our time is short. and so are we. ha ha. ha ha. newscaster: yes, the day has finally arrived. in just a few moments, everyone around the globe will do the schmeerskahoven, including me. buhuhdy. ahem. and here comes the president. hey. howdy, y'all. crowd: hi, buhuhdy. i've got a special surprise. swedish supergroup baab is going to teach us a brandnew verse of the schmeerskahoven today. hooray. ha. i doned it. i poureded the coffeety. i wonders what times they's astarting that there schmeerskedschmorskedthat there dance. oh. dangdiddy. nows i has to changes my shirttiddy it's a good thing mordough's lab was well equipped, pinky. now, to put our plan into effect, we need only find swedish supergroup baab's dressing room. oh, this is so exciting. ooh, i hope i don't faint when we meet them. narf. pinky, we're not here to meet the band. we're not. poit no. we're going to shrink ourselves down to microscopic size, get inside the body of one of baab's members, and control their vocal cords. then we can get them to sing my new verse to the song. wouldn't it be less messy just to ask for an autograph.  here are the swedish meatballs for baab. pinky, are you pondering what i'm pondering. i think so, brain, but instant karma always gets so lumpy. no, pinky. we shall hide in those swedish meatballs and then swedish supergroup baab will ingest us. ooh, you certainly are an obsessed fan, brain. pinky: mmmmeat. here are those swedish meatballs you asked for bob. oh, thankssitty but alls of my friends is callsy me bobby bob. what. bobby bob. oh, we have to get out of here. no. mayday. mayday. it is. narf. oh, i love tying ribbon round the maypole. brain: yaaah drat. my plan is ruined, pinky. perhaps. but at least we're being showered by big chunks of savory meat. yum. we have only one hope. somehow we must use bobby bob to carry out our plan. he can't even carry coffeety. whoa. whoa. that's the stomach, pinky. if we drop in there, we'll be eaten alive by gastric juices. along with lots of meat.  i believe we're safe for the time being, pinky. but we didn't get any meat. poit. your head is meat. yes, there's the eardrum. we may be able to pull this off yet.  hellobobby bob. uh, where did that comeditty from. brain: from inside you. this is your conscience. pinky: and your conscience's friend. quiet, pinky. hello, mr. consciencediddy and his friend quiet pinkydiddy. is this about that time when i was just a wee boy and the teacher done tolded me not to talk, but i talkted anyway, and then i keepted talkteding, and never did stop that there talkteding. i was just akeepted atalkteded. yes, all right, you were a very bad boy. and now it's time to atone for your transgression. huhdiddy. i have an important job for you, and it involves carrying hot beverages and walking at the same time. ooh, that's hard. don't i know it. "drop down to your knees and try to look pretty, "chase your tail in a circle and meow like a kitty. " ya. we sing these happy lyrics.   i done brungded the coffeety. man: coffee. woman: coffee. bobby bob: whoa.    bobby bob: oopsitty. president: and now, without further ado give it up for swedish supergroup baab.  um the swedish supergroupitty baab cans't performs so they's asted me to sing the, uh schmeerskittyuh, the, uh, schmooskuh that song. that song.  meow. what's going on. where's swedish supergroup baab.  put your fingerses in your earseys then sticks 'em in your bellyditty don't be afraids if it jiggles like gelatin yeah, schmeerskahoven wave your armses in the airs like you've wons a big prize bops yourself on the heads and you crosses your eyeses yeah, schmeerskahoven pinky, hand me those new lyrics. if my calculations are correct, these new steps will negate the mindshriveling effects of the dance. now, here comes the important third verse, bobby bob. listen carefully and repeat after me: "give yourself a hug" gives yourself a hug like the air is chilly put your hands on your face and slap yourselves silly yeah, schmeerskahoven that's not my third verse. stop him. dos your own thing, get your body grooving just say no to the schmeerskahoven no, schmeerskahoven * non, schmeerskahoven * * nyet, schmeerskahoven * no schmeerskahoven you did it, bobby bob, you did it. time to celebrate.   i did it. i'm just going to celebratee with some coffeety. this coffeety is hot. eeyaaah. oopsitty aah.  my plan is ruined. ruined.  hey, look, ii don't know what you've done, bobby bob, but it seems to have cleared all our heads. you've saved our country. how can we ever repay you. you can rebuild acme labs. youse can rebuilded acme labsitty. uh whwhatever you just said, i'll make it happen, bobby bob. thanks a duddleydippitypoopdiddy doodleydo.  thanks a doobileediddleydoodleypoodley uh, something. safe at last. both: uhh. mmm. meat. well, if you ains't the purtiest kittys i's ever seed. youyou think i'm pretty. oh, why, yesadiddy. this looks like the beginning of a beautiful friendshipity.  "thanks for everything. " signed, "precious. "  i'm glad precious is finally happy, brain. yes, pinky, but more importantly, we got our lab back, thanks to the new white house chief of staffitty bobby bob. at least now, precious is consorting with a less dangerous bunch of clowns. she looks so happy. poit. i suppose the moral of this whole story is if you give a mean, bigheaded kitty love, they won't try to dumb down the world with an evil dance. perhaps. but this story is through, and now we must prepare for tomorrow night. why, what we going to do tomorrow night, brain.  the hustle. no, pinky. the same thing we do every night. try to take over the world before another idiotic dance comes along.  baab: * one's real smart * and the other's head is granite each night they try to take over the planet yeah they're pinky they're pinky and the brain brain, brain, brain brain captioning made possible by warner bros. captioned by the national ) )