gee, brain, what do you want to do tonight. the same thing we do every night, pinky, try to take over the world. they're pinky and the brain yes, pinky and the brain one is a genius the other's insane they're laboratory mice their genes have been spliced they're dinky they're pinky and the brain brain, brain, brain brain, brain, brain, brain, brain before each night is done their plan will be unfurled by the dawning of the sun they'll take over the world they're pinky and the brain yes, pinky and the brain their twilight campaign is easy to explain to prove their mousey worth they'll overthrow the earth they're dinky they're pinky and the brain brain, brain, brain brain, brain, brain, brain narf. captioning made possible by warner bros. narrator: since the dawn of time, there have been those among men who've found great strength in the humblest of circumstances. such a man was the mighty samson. unh. but this story isn't about him. pinky: egad, brain, that samson is unbelievably strong. he is, pinky. imagine if a mouse were that strong. zounds, brain. you could individually beat up everyone on the planet. yes, but that would be easy. besides, gratuitous violence is beneath me. then why do you always bop me on the head, brain. that's not gratuitous. it's involuntary.  aah. don't you see, pinky. if i had samson's strength, nothing would stop my quest to take over the world. egad, brain, brilliant. oh, no. wait. what about if the whole city caught on fire and anyone who looked turned into a pillar of salt. wellmaybe, but besides that, nothing could stop me from ruling the world. right, brain. oh, what about a giant flood that would last for 40 days and 40 nights. okmaybe, but other than thata plague of really horrible boils and frogs and locusts and all sortsenough, pinky. let's just say my odds of taking over the world would be dramatically increased if i had the strength of samson. now follow. "a plague of locusts." the only question is, what is the secret of samson's strength. um his muscles. please, pinky.  ach, thamson. du ist zo strong mit da bootiful hairen mit der kopfen curlen. what, delilah. brain, isn't she talking about hisquiet, pinky. we must listen, observe, discover. samson you are the prisoner of the philistines. you will be made to serve dagon, our giant papierm.ch. weasel god. i shall not be forsworn into the hands of mine enemies. samson's overacting samson's overacting charge. destroy samson. ha ha ha ha ha oof. that's it, pinky. that magic jawbone must be the secret of his strength. now we must procure it for our own. i, the great saran, conqueror of the danites, scourge of canaan, defeated by the jawbone of an ass. quickly, pinky. there it is. i, who have ruled over half a dozen biblical epics, defeated by the jawbone of an ass.. now, pinky. i, who won an oscar for all about eve and survived marriage with 2 out of 3 gabor sisters, defeated by the jawbone of an ass.. as soon as it falls into my waiting arms, i will have the power of the jawbone of an ass. oof. brain. perhaps we need a smalleruhh. ach, thamson. der lion ist gehlunchen machen. what..  stand ye back, delilah. for i shall smite the beast of the field and protect thee from the claws of certain doom. samson's overacting samson's overacting  whoaohohoh. pinky, i think i've deduced the secret of samson's strength. ahhh. du bist der mussels from de hairen is zo strongen machen. brain, poit. isn't she talking about hiscloak. are you pondering what i'm pondering. i think so, brain, but if jimmy cracks corn and no one cares, why does he keep doing it. no, pinky. the secret of his strength must be his enchanted cloak. quickly. grab that string. once i have the strength of samson, they will write my name in the book of judges. knit 1, purl 2. or is that purl 2, knit 1. ha. oh, heh, here, brain. i made it just for you.   egad, brain. cower, o king of the beasts. for i have the strength of many men. unnhhh. ohh. ow. ow again. aah. youch. yaa. yaa. uhh. narf. what's the verdict, brain. it wasn't the cloak. get your delilah dolls. the courtesan of the philistines. get your delilah dolls right here. poit. oh, brain, brain. can i have a doll. can i, please. please, pinky, focus. we're trying to take over the world. besides, you have all sorts of dolls you never even play with. narf. it's always "take over the world" this and "take over the world" that. what about my needs, eh.. what about oof. ohh. oh, thanks, brain. poit. ohh. i needed that. thamson i vant das oranges. what. oh.  there is no fruit fairer than my succulent peach delilah. these oranges must witness thy beauty in shame. ja. das is der hairen vas ist du biggen mussels geben. did you observe the way he adjusted his ring before he lifted that tree. but, brain, narf. i think she's talking about hisyou must woo him into giving up his ring. right, brain. i'll woo him. woo him. woo. ahh. get your delilah dolls right heooh, oh. thamson, sveetie, du vould be so bootiful machen mit der hairen shnippen all crew cutten. oof. what. uh, what i said wasnarf. poit. egad. delilahwhat has overtaken thee. thou lookest so petite and small of stature, which is tiny as well. ooh. heh. thank you, samson. i try to stay trim. mine eyes. they play tricks on me. tricks, i say. no. it's an optical illusion. we're really very far away. who are you. actually, i'm a mouse who intends to purloin your strength and use that power to force my will upon an unsuspecting world. what. i'm delilah's slave. oh. my mistress will entertain you with the exotic dance of the 7 veils while i make you comfortable and remove your ring. actually, brain, i've only got 6 veils and a handkerchief. improvise.  i've got the ring, pinky. come on. but wait. you amuse me with your dance of the 6 veils and a handkerchief. do not leave me forsaken without love. at last. i feel the strength of samson coursing through my veins. i shall stop this cart with but a singleoof. verdict. not the ring, either. uhh. at last. i vill machen der thamson's hairen geschnippetyschnip. i must face the facts, pinky. i'll never have the strength of samson. narf. well, at least you can look like him. hmmph. a lot of good that'll do me. darn. shoot. phooey. the hair, brain. samson's strength is in his hair. yes. hisoof. it's gone. ohh, that's all right, brain. it wasn't your shade, anyway. i see you as more of an autumn, really. well, never mind, pinky. we must go back to the apothecary and prepare for the next millennium. what are we going to do in the next millennium, brain. the same thing we do every millennium, pinky, try to take over the world. they're dinky they're pinky and the brain brain, brain, brain, brain brain: interrupt the flow of electricity.  no, no, no. wait. i'll use electronic oscillations to create a molecular change in liquid hand soap, causing everyone's hands to stick together. no. a bandwidth of 37 isobars would never penetrate rooms lined with ceramic tile. what am i thinking. aah. it's no good.  i've got to find a plan. i've got tooof. brain, would you like some yummy food pellets. you can have your choice of raw or uncooked. not now, pinky. well, i could saut. them with a little you usually like that. cooking. that's itthe beginning of man's inexorable advancement toward civilization. poit. aren't you going to ask me if i'm pondering what you're pondering. i'll use thousands of tiny christmas tree lights to cook all the cans of soda in the world, causing them to explode all at once, andyes. andand and then what.   oh, look. poit. the happy food pellet aeroplane is flying in for a perfect landing in brain's mouth. whoo. i said not now, pinky. can't you see what i'm doing. umspitting a bit when you pronounce the letter "d". pardon me, pinky  but i'm trying to come up with our next plan to take over the world. oh. that again. yes, pinky. again. and again and again and again until i succeed. precious hours are ticking away. my destiny is skipping off into the sunset before my very eyes. narf. how romantic, brain. just like dustin hoffman and that camel in ishtar. that's right, pinky, jest. make jokes at my expense. i wasn't joking, brain. why not. the whole universe is playing a little cosmic joke. "we'll give brain an obsession with taking over the world "and then never let him succeed. ha ha ha ha ha ha." isn't it funny. laugh with me, pinky. laugh with me. ha ha ha ha ha.  ha ha ha ha. ho ho ho. ha. everyone's laughing. ha ha ha. listen. ha. ha. ha ha ha. ha ha ha. the whole world isohhh. ohwhat have i done. pinky, are you all right. uhhuh. narf. but i'm afraid my secret playhouse will never be the same. oh, it's all my fault. this obsession with taking over the world is causing me to hurt the ones i tolerate.  my friend, are you tired of feeling like you have to take over the world. yes. my friend, are you tired of hurting the ones youtolerate. yes. i'm dr. edward belvedere, and megalomaniacs anonymous may be able to help you as it's helped so many others. hi. my name's al, and i used to want to take over the world. i'm in charge here. me. me. me. so there. plfftt. thanks to the help of meganon, i'm now the happy owner of a florist's shop nestled in this lovely strip mall just outside the beltway. if you're obsessed with taking over the world, call meganon today for a meeting near you. pinky, are you pondering what i'm pondering. i think so, brain. narf. but don't camels spit a lot. i wasn't speaking of stubborn desert ruminants, pinky, but of myself, as similar as the two subjects may sometimes seem. i know now what i must do. my name is brain, and i want to take over the world. hi, brain. hi, brain. hi, brain. does anyone want to share. me. me. over here. i've got some charts and graphs showin' my progress since i got with the program here. you see, my problem was a lack of selfesteem. i thought i was just a weirdlookin' little guy with big floppy ears. but since i met brain here, i love me. ha ha ha ha ha. please, ross, my friend you can't make any judgments on others. tell us about yourself, brain. i'm a genetically altered lab mouse who's squandered his life trying to take over the world. brain, my friend, stop being so hard on brain. come from a place where you're as big and goodlooking as you need for yourself to be. i know how brain feels. i used to be a tough guy, too. boom. boom. boom. but it was all anger displacement. since i joined meganon, i've turned my bomb shelter into a really cool rec room. i was trying to rule the world with music. but since i met dr. belvedere, i've stopped doing the vogue and started doing the family circle. i really love me. this is all so inspiring. you want to let go of this control issue don't you, brain. yes. you've been obsessing, brain, struggling with deepseated guilt, manipulated by your emotions. yes. then own your power, my friend. stand with your wounded inner child and find peace in the outer world. yes. i must release my conflicting issues and learn to love me.  i don't believe it. i'm speaking in idiotic psychobabble, and yet i feel strangelyhappy. oh, thank you, brain. what a lovely sweater. you know, i've never really worn clothes much, but then i've never had so many lovely sweaters from which to choose. yes, pinky, and after i've perfected the knitomatic, all of our friends will have so many lovely sweaters from which to choose. and angora socks. ohh. for me, brain. poit. oh, how thoughtful. but i need something more substantial to do with my newfound free time and sense of wellbeing. and that's why tonight i'm launching "brain cares," a nonprofit foundation dedicated to rehabilitating the victims of megalomaniacs everywhere. i have entered into the computer all of the characteristics necessary to determine just who is the most pathetic, codependent victim on the planet. we will help that individual to become selfreliant and live in the present. oh, goody. i love presents. egad, pinky. it's it's you. yay. poit. ha ha ha ha. don't you see, pinky. i've perpetrated a heinous crime. you have been named the ultimate codependent victim. thank you, brain. come, pinky. i must make amends for the damage i've done and repair your broken spirit. narf. will this involve power tools. pinky, in order to be selfreliant, you must learn to be assertive. umyou just lie there and think about what you've done, mr. cheese. poit. is that assertive, brain. yes, but you must be assertive with things that can answer back. oh. that's harder then, isn't it. now. for the purposes of our exercise, i will portray mr. rampling, an uncooperative cable repairman. and i shall play mr. googlyeyes, fidgety accountant by day and caped crusader by night. no, pinky. you must play the customer i have wronged. oh. right. nowlet's begin our little scene. sorry, buddy. i can't fix your cable 'cause i ain't got the part on my truck, eh. hello, mr. cable repairman. i'm the friendly customer. won't you come in and have a snack. pinky, this is assertiveness training. oh, right. sorry, brain. um mr. cable repairman, you must come in and have a snack. poit. are you sure this is for the best, brain. yes, pinky. in order to be selfreliant, you must move into your own home. are you going to come hook up the cable. i'm not really the cable repairman, pinky. we were just pretending. oh. right. now, if you'll excuse me, i have knitting to do. knock knock i thought i'd pop in for a drink of water, zort, seeing as i don't have a water bottle. ha ha. if i let you have the water bottle, will you be able to stay in your own house without visiting every other minute. but what will you do without a water bottle, brain. i'll walk the 2 1/2 feet to the sink. after all i've done to you, it's the least i can do to help you become selfreliant. uhhh. unhuhhh. uhh. see, brain. poit. it won't fit. this requires my sophisticated knowledge of physics. push, pinky. uhhhh uhh. huh. umcan i stay at your place for a while, brain. the time has finally come, pinky. in order to be fully selfreliant, you must go out there and face the world on your own. but, brain, without your guidance, moral support, aand all those little blows to the head. carpe diem, pinky. you are in charge of your own destiny. aah.  man: a mouse. get him.  uhhhnaarrff. pinky. ohhh. you should all be ashamed of yourselves for assaulting this poor innocent soul. ooh. if i ruled the world, people wouldn't step all over the little guy. really, brain. pinky, i've been mistaken. my quest is not an obsession. it's a mission of mercy. i don't want to rule the world for my own ego, but to make it a better place. maybe a little bit for my own ego. come, pinky. we must get to our knitting and prepare for tomorrow night. ooh. and just what are we going to do tomorrow night, brain. the same thing we do every night, pinky, try to take over the world. yay. ha ha ha. they're dinky they're pinky and the brain brain, brain, brain, brain captioning made possible by warner bros. captioned by the national ) )