gee, brain, what do you want to do tonight. the same thing we do every night, pinky, try to take over the world. they're pinky and the brain yes, pinky and the brain one is a genius the other's insane they're laboratory mice their genes have been spliced they're dinky they're pinky and the brain brain, brain, brain brain, brain, brain, brain, brain before each night is done their plan will be unfurled by the dawning of the sun they'll take over the world they're pinky and the brain yes, pinky and the brain their twilight campaign is easy to explain to prove their mousey worth they'll overthrow the earth they're dinky they're pinky and the brain brain, brain, brain brain, brain, brain, brain pinky: narf. warner bros. now, let's see "cinderfella, salmonella, schmageggy. " behold, pinky, the legendary hope zirconium.  yes. it's worth hundreds. narf. i'll get it for you, brain. just remember, pinky, this room is built over a volcanic hot spot. any vibration will set off a huge eruption. oh, right. um why don't you start it off, brain. i mean, after all, you found it. oh, not at all, pinky. be my guest. please, i insist. oh, no, really. youi know, brain. why don't we flip a coin. fine, pinky. heads, i win.  aah. aah. unh. unh. the curse of the hope zirconium proved stronger than i thought. without that jewel, i can't afford the satellite i need to switch the population's clock radios to permanent snooze while i take over the world. so make up another plan, brain, like every other time one of your plans fails. obviously, pinky, you have no idea of the planning that goes into making my intricate, multilayered stratagems. oh, yes, i do, brain. first you make a lot of tappy sounds on the computertap, tap, tapthen you get all mumbly and angry, and your head swells up extra big. and then you say your happy plan. well, if that's all there is to it, pinky, why don't you come up with our next plan for world domination. do you mean it, brain. by all means, pinky. make a plan, and we will follow it to the letter. the embarrassment that will inevitably follow will make you understand why i am a genius and you are someone who plays hide and seek with a sandwich. i won't let you down, brain. narf. i'll get on it straight away. fine. i could use an evening of low comedy to take the edge off.  zort. all right, then, uh, lots of smelly things divided by the square root of a gummy worm, oh, carry the fat man and narf. ha ha ha. i'm done, brain. i'm all ears, pinky. how do you propose we take over the world. ok, we'll go to a small town in the middle of nowhere and open an oyster petting zoo. an oyster petting zoo. are you out of youran oyster petting zoo it is, pinky. excellent idea. and then you like it, brain. uh, let's just say that i could never come up with a plan like that. oh, thank you, brain. without a lobotomy. pinky's oysterland is open for business. nature's bestloved shellfish yours for the petting. come on in and meet a mollusk. narf. well, pinky, you've had one customer in 6 hours. yes. isn't it exciting, brain. oh, by the way, you and the oysters better get over to the main stage for the 2:00 show. remind me, pinky. how, exactly, do you hope to take over the world with an oyster petting zoo. hmm. oh, i don't really do details, brain. i'm more of a big picture person. narf. hey there, little guy. ooh, you're a friendly little clam, aren't ya.  excuse me. ahem. hey. what do you know. someone lost a pearl. ooh, i better tell the manager. hi. welcome to oysterland. hello. welcome to oysterland. hello, and welcome to oysterland. and so we gather here today to honor a local businessman who has made a tourist mecca of our beloved smalltown.  we are, therefore, pleased to bestow upon pinky this key to the city and the title of mayor for a day. oh, thank you, telly. people of smalltown, as your mayor for todaypoiti hereby change the name of this town to shiny pants.  and starting today, every citizen of shiny pants must wear uh, oh, yes very shiny pants.  have you ever seen so many shiny pants in one place. not since the last earth, wind and fire tour, pinky. peterson here. tell rupert the merger's off. ok, now tell him it's on. who is this. put connie on. well, tell her she's fired. now rehire her, double her salary, and fire her again. what thewhat's going on. can't see. everything's shiny.  what happened. i saw lights. i was falling. could i be in heaven. no. you're in shiny pants. shiny pants. yes, yes, i think i belong here. wait a minute. aren't you buzz peterson, head of zipdyne media and number 7 of people magazine's "50 most obnoxious rich people". not anymore. now that i've had thisexperience, i know there's more to life than money and power. i know that i was meant to live right here with all of you and wear very shiny pants. what a nice man. what a stark raving lunatic. i suppose i should find someone to run my company. at the risk of being forward, i'd like to nominate myselfugh. you must take over my empire. i will remain here in shiny pants. i'm sure i'll find my true path here. egad. um i don't know, uh do you like oysters. yes. i love all nature's creatures now. umok. narf. all: goodbye. i can't believe it. pinky is now the head of one of the world's most powerful conglomerates. where did he go right. oh, brain, isn't it exciting here at zipdyne. everyone is so nice, and you can play games all day long. ha ha ha. unh. this is no time for games, pinky. think of what we can do with a news empire. bend the truth, distort facts, withhold vital information, and create our own puppet government. you mean like shari lewis. precisely, pinky. too late, brain. ha ha. i got rid of all those news thingies. you what.. pinky, world news weekly is the most influential magazine in the country. oh, it's boring, brain. that's why i changed it to colorful hairband magazine. no. pinky, please tell me you didn't touch the 24hour news channel. of course not, brain. oh, thank goodness. oh, except that now it's 24 hours of jug band music. you know, i'm surprised you didn't hear about it, brain. it was in all the newsoh, ha ha ha. no, i suppose it wasn't. narf. i don't understand. i was sure the allnews network would be covering the election in liechtenstein. whoo. doggy. hey, i'll tell you what. this skinny fella can sure enough blow a jug. hill, honey, come take a look at this. not now, bill. i'm busy. excuse me, mr. president. federal reserve chairman bluespan just resigned. you need to choose a replacement right away. well, hey. why don't we get the fella who came up with this. i mean, he could be chairman of anything. uh, ladies and gentlemen of the press, i give you the new head of the federal reserve board pinky.  um, whoa, um you, with the pouty face. uh, chairman pinky, what is your philosophy regarding the nation's currency policy. um i like fruit wigglies.  and on wall street today, fruit wigglies futures went through the roof on word that fed chairman pinky had a fondness for the chewy confections. how, pinky. how is it that my beautifully crafted plans to take over the world never succeed, while you say the first thing that comes into your head and wind up changing the nation's monetary policy. well, actually, i don't say the first thing that comes into my head, brain. i say the second thing, because the first thing that comes into my head is usuallyoh. a large, painful welt. tell me where you get your ideas, pinky, so thatthe words feel hot in my throatso that i can be more like you. well, hmm, let's see. i guess i got the oyster idea from when you tried to breed that hypnotic japanese fish. and, i suppose, the shiny pants was like when you put a huge mirror at the north pole to make the sun go in everyone's eyes. and that time you tried to broadcast the music of rush limbaugh throughout the world gave me the jug band idea. pinky, do you realize what you're saying. yes. you come up with a lot of silly ideas, brain. ha ha ha. narf. no, pinky. don't you see. you're saying that all your ideas were mine. yes, you changed a detail here and there, but your only real contribution was your sheer dumb luck. pinky, are you pondering what i'm pondering. i think so, brain, but if it was only supposed to be a 3hour tour, why did the howells bring all their money. aah. no, pinky. we will combine your luck and my genius to finish the job of taking over the world. first, you'll call another press conference and tell the press you don't like satellites, thus lowering the price of satellites to mere pennies. then i will customize a satellite so we can relaunch my plan to disable the snooze alarms on every clock radio in the world. brilliant, brain. then can we do my plan to go to the u. s. mint and print dollars with bronson pinchot's face on them. i make the plans now, pinky, and this one can't miss. there's only one problem. i'm afraid this satellite will only work on clock radios with a bandwidth modulation of 3. 2 megahertz. is that bad, brain. not really, pinky. you'll just hold another press conference to say you like that type of clock radio, thereby causing everybody to purchase them. and to make sure nothing goes wrong, i'll be in your ear the entire time. ok, brain. it might be a tight squeeze at first, but it's very roomy further in. i wouldn't be a bit surprised. brain: all right, pinky. let's begin.  right, brain. um, hello, everyone. i have a very important announcement to make. it seems that brain: i really like clock radios with a bandwidth modulation of 3. 2 megahertz. i really like clock radios with a bandwidth modulation sandwich population no. i like clock radios with a bandwidth modulation no, i like, uh, clock radios with a spanish language station, uh panda bear sensation, pants with palpitations, no. candlestick relations. no, no. pinky: you dimwit. stop it now. just stop it. pull out the panthom. pull out the clear slug. why did i come up with this plan. i am such an idiot. i am such an idiot. reporters: he just said idiot. president: and stay out.  unh. unh. unh. hillary: and take this with you. well, pinkyunh. today we've discovered a force more powerful than luck or genius. what's that, brain. stupidity. good, brain. zort. maybe we can use that tomorrow night. oh. what are we going to do tomorrow night, pinky. the same thing we do every night, brain. try and take over the uh world. world, yes. they're dinky they're pinky and the brain brain, brain, brain, brain brain: bobby and karen are 2 normal kids who live in a normal town. and they have normal hopes and fears. gosh, you have a keen bike, but i wonder about what kind of world we will live in in the future. brain: said karen. jeepers, i hope the future will be keen. brain: said bobby. but do you think they can find a really smart guy to run the whole world. heh heh heh. good questions, kids. hello, i am the brain, a genetically altered lab mouse who will soon be taking over the world. this is the world. narf. and this is pinky. you can tell the difference between them quite easily. one is a mass of inert matter hurtling blinding through the void. the other is the earth. which one am i again. ha ha ha ha. the one who'll soon have a large lump on his small head. oh. narf. now, you might ask, "brain, why do you want to take over the world."   now. ok. brain, why do you want to take over the world. thank you, pinky. don't mention it. i won't. well, you can if you want to. i don't want to. i'm glad you asked that spontaneous question, which leads us to the purpose of our film: to inform our viewers as to why i want to take over the world and the beneficial changes they can expect when i do. so join me as we learn all about brain: let's look in on a typical suburban housewife. oh, how will i ever make carrot juice, clean my family's undergarments, and still have time to access the information superroad thingy. narf. now, under the benevolent leadership of me, the brain, science and industry combine to make life easier and more efficient with brainco's stackable compujuiceamatic. computer: you have mail. ooh, ha. better living through me. unh. i will usher in a new era of peace and prosperity around the world. here at the united nations, we see how difficult it is for our world leaders to communicate today.   pitiful, isn't it. under my global domination, the world population will be brought together by the establishment of a single language. brainish. observe the difference.  pondering.  yes. yes. pondering, yes. believe it or not, you have just witnessed a conversation about the weather, ancient greek literature, and the filmography of tv's norman fell. under my domination, the world of television will enter a new era of entertainment and economy as all programming will be under 30 seconds in length and limited to shows about me, the brain. derha ha ha huh huh huh. what is the deal with world leadership. they don't really lead and they're not uh, ships. who are these people. in a world dominated by me, the brain, classics of the silver screen will be greatly enhanced, thanks to my innovations in computer imaging. the problems of 2 little mice don't amount to a hill of food pellets in this crazy, mixedup world. you have to think for the both of us, brain. you're getting on that plane, pinky. if you don't, i'll have to hit you with this pencil. maybe not now, but soon, and for the rest of your life. we'll always have pellets. in this brain new world, vacationers will reap the benefits of my dominance. national monuments european capitals amusement parks. he's only chasing me for my food. ha ha ha ha. narf. and there will be ample opportunity to commune with nature. in my benevolence, i will allow 15 minutes per day of quiet time. time for you. time for you to meditate about me the brain. so you see, global domination only sounds like a scary word. but it's really only a way to make  the world a better place to live. brain: pinky, turn off the projector. aah. quickly, pinky. aah. unh. oops. sorry, brain. wonderful. now the reel is ruined. there goes my plan to distribute this film to every school assembly on earth. poit. it's still better than congo or anaconda. come, pinky. we must prepare for tomorrow night. why, brain. what we going to do tomorrow night. the same thing we do every night, pinky.  try to take over the world. they're dinky they're pinky and the brain brain, brain, brain, brain warner bros. captioned by the national www. ncicap. org ) )