gee, brain, what do you want to do tonight. the same thing we do every night, pinky, try to take over the world. they're pinky and the brain yes, pinky and the brain one is a genius the other's insane they're laboratory mice their genes have been spliced they're dinky they're pinky and the brain brain, brain, brain brain, brain, brain, brain, brain before each night is done their plan will be unfurled by the dawning of the sun they'll take over the world they're pinky and the brain yes, pinky and the brain their twilight campaign is easy to explain to prove their mousey worth they'll overthrow the earth they're dinky they're pinky and the brain brain, brain, brain brain, brain, brain, brain pinky: narf. by warner bros.  put your fingers in your ears then stick 'em in your belly don't be afraid if it jiggles like jelly yeah schmeerskahoven. pinky, will you stop doing that infernal dance. but brain, it's the schmeerskahoven. schmeerska what. schmeerskahoven. it's the latest dance craze from denmark. zort. this isn't a disco, pinky. i have shrunken us to molecular size, and we are traveling through an artery, inside the human body. but what about the happy psychedelic lights and mindnumbing rhythmic thumping. those happy lights are actually blood cells whooshing past us. and that thumping is the beating of the heart, which is propelling us to our destinationthe larynx of folksy radio personality tom bodettpitchman for a popular chain of motels, as well as the voice artist for those tedious good idea/bad idea segments. there, i will implant my tracheomatic control chip. pinky: ooh. then you can make him say all sorts of funny things, like, help, help. i'm trapped in a bopinky, we aren't going to all this trouble to indulge in cheap parlor tricks, all right. it's all right. when middle america hears my plea for submission uttered in tom bodett's dulcet tones, they will be unable to resist, allowing me to take over the world. both: whoa. oof. oof. aah. it's a white blood cell. something must have happened to the immunosuppressant shield. well, maybe he just wants to dance. no, pinky. he wants to destroy us, like the germ he thinks we are. quickly, take evasive action. ok. sorry, my dance card is full. i meant something more like this.  both: whoa. uhh. uhh.  i should have left you at the islet of langerhans, pinky.  brain: ahh. oh, no.  our little detour has caused us to veer into the nasal cavity. ah ah choo. both: aah.  oh, excuse me. um, i'll try that again. ahem. it's time for another good idea/bad idea. uh, tom, could you give me more on the word "good". sure, just let me get a sip of water. whoa. whoa.  aah. aah. oof. oof. brain: my ship. oh, and this plan was such a good idea. good ideagoing to a disco. bad ideagoing to a disco in tom bodett's nose. narf. i feel another good idea coming on.  now come, pinky. since we are presently the size of anthrax spores, it will take an inordinate amount of time to walk back to the lab. pinky: well, we can always pass the time dancing the schmeerskahoven.  put your fingers in your ears then stick 'em in your belly eee. schmeerskahoven. only a simpleton would do that pathetic dance. gosh.  this sure is hard. singers: wave your hands in the air like you won a big prize bump yourself on the head and cross your eyes yeah, schmeerskahoven.  hey, what's the big idea. come down from there, bill. we have something important to discuss. aw, shucks. i took a bath last week. not that. look, america's report card. test scores are dropping at an alarming rate. many of today's high school graduates can't even read. gee, thatthat is bad. worst of all, people actually think pauly shore is funny. biodome rocked my world.  hey, buhddy. buhddy. we've got to host a conference to stop this dumbingdown of america. we'll invite all the world's leading experts on the brain. aren't you overreacting, honey. man, southern accent: mr. president. mrs. president. i done tried to brung did the coffee. but i keepeded burnin' my hands. you're supposed to put it in cups, bobby bob. uhhuh. i rest my case. well, let me see if'n we got any of them there, uh"cups. " aah. don't you worry about that, bobby bob. i've got something special for you to do. and it doesn't involve walking and carrying hot beverages at the same time. good. that's hard. hey, don't i know it. the president and i are going to be hosting a little conference, and i want you to make sure all the people written down on this list are invited, ok. otay.  "thebrain. " oh, his name is real big. he must be's important.  "the brain, "acme labs, usa. " hold still, pinky. now let's get to work. we must construct a new ship for interbody travel. it's from the white house. hmm. must be a thank you card for those jokes i sent al gore. he's probably asking for more. "you are cordially invited to a white house conference on"  "the brain." pinky, the white house is throwing a soire in honor of me. they must finally have seen fit to recognize my great accomplishments. like getting sneezed out of tom bodett's nose. pinky, the captain has turned on the no idiots sign. please refrain from speaking. ok. now, dust off your tux. we're off to the white house. welcome to the white house. please take a complimentary balloon animal. ahem. i am the brain. brain, brain, brain. i don't see oh, here you are. your name is real big. you must be important. hey, whatcha got there. my little speech. a manifesto, if you will. oh, i thought maybe it was something important. well, welcome to the white house. please take a complimentary balloon animal. absolutely not.  i hate clowns. look, pinkya veritable gaggle of intelligentsia. there's nobel prizewinning physicist friedrich von fleezal. and leading psychologist dr. lydia supsn. pinky:  and there's noted thespian bob "gilligan" denver. it appears my fame has even reached the echelons of hollywood's cultural elite, pinky. just wait until they hear my brilliant manifesto, outlining my plans for their future.  attention, kmart shoppers.  just kiddin'. hey, i'm glad y'all could make it here to talk about the brain.  whoohoo. we heart the brain. yeah. ha ha. you know, without the brain, the world would be a pretty stupid place. don't you think.  ha ha. ha ha, but seriously, folks, i thought we'd start things off with a little icebreakerthe latest dance craze from denmark, the schmeerskahoven. and here to perform it is the group who made it famous. all the way from sweden, give it up for baab.  oh, no. not that stupid dance. put your fingers in your ears then stick 'em in your belly don't be afraid if it jiggles like jelly come on, brain. do it. pinky, the day i do the schmeerskahoven is the day i've lost my mind. yeah, schmeerskahoven. i'm sickened. dr. von fleezal. wave your hands in the air like you won a big prize bump yourself on the head then cross your eyes brain: dr. supsn. yeah, schmeerskahoven. am i the only one in this ballroom unwilling to lower myself into the gutter of imbecility. no, brain. there is another. tv's bob denver. well, at least somebody else has their wits about them. but the rest of them must be stopped.   what's goin' on. you people should be ashamed of yourselves. not since you're here to honor me this evening, i shall forgive this momentary lapse.  now, perhaps we should start the festivities in a manner more becoming of highbrows such as ourselves. does anyone have an accordion. would you mind telling me who you are. as if you don't know. right, as if i don't know. why, he's your guest of honorthe brain. i'm the subject of this whole conference. we're here to discuss the human brain.  egad. there's a human version of you. ooh, scary. you mean this isn't about me. it's about all of us. we need to stem the rising tide of stupidity in this country. y'all done wantsed any cream in your coffeedy. whoopsie. i rest my case. butbut i prepared a speech and my manifesto. stop, clown. that clown stole my speech. call security. good idea.  aah. aah. well, that was particularly humiliating. yes. and refreshingly tingly. narf.  oh, i hate clowns. come on, pinky. we've got to get my manifesto back. why, brain. it's not like you're going to give your little speech now. i worked hard on that speech, and i didn't make a photocopy.   the stairs.  brain: ha. we've got you. he's gone. maybe that fellow knows where he went. pinky, that's no fellow. that's a balloon animal. um, i believe the p. c. term is inflatable wildlife, brain.  that's odd. they're expanding. they must be filled with some sort of gas. pinky, it's a trap.  it'sether. already.  i didn't have time to get you an ether basket.  pinky, if i weren't about to drift into a deep slumber, i would be forced to cause you serious pain.  brain, voiceover: e=mc squared. the hypotenuse of the quadrangle is infinite. in tonight's plan hippocampus, neural node i'm going to have to hurt you, pinky. where am i.   over here, brain. pinky. what do you want to do tonight. tonight. tonight. tonight. the same thing we do every night, night, night, nighttry to take over thetry to take overtry to taketry totry totrytrytrytryno. pinky: ha ha ha ha.  mind erasure complete.  ride 'em, fishy. yeeha. crackers.   woman over p. a. : mind erasure malfunction. this subject has no mind to erase. troz.  birdies  flowers  happy  la la   what a beautiful day, here in theland of hats. hiya, bowler. good morrow, fedora. good day, tam o' shanter. top of the mornin', derby. how veryodd. good day, pork pie. ahem. i said, "good day, pork pie. " you must be mistaken. my name isn't pork pie. it's, uh  of course it's pork pie. you're wearing a pork pie hat. strawboater is my name, see. you must be new here. here. where is here. why, here is where you are as opposed to there, which is where you're not. it doesn't take a genius to figure that out pork pie. i am not a hat. i am a i am a what am i. why, of course you're a hat, pork pie. we're all hats here. cheerio, old chapaeu. maybe i am a hat. oh, brain, brain, there you are. did you see the lovely hat i have. and the lovely hat house i live in. ohho, oh, i am going to like it here, brain. do i know you from somewhere, sir. whof course you know me, brain. why do you keep calling me brain. my name is pork pie, as you can see by my hat. you must be, uh, yesyou must be fez. good day, fez. oh, i get it. fez, pork pie we're undercover. strawboater: pork pie, fez.  come along, morning exercises. chop, chop. all: put your fingers in your ears then stick 'em in your belly don't be afraid if it jiggles like jelly yeah, schmeerskahoven wave your hands in the air like you won a big prize bop yourself on the head then cross your eyes yeah, schmeerskahoven egad, braini mean, pork pie, you're doing the schmeerskahoven. of course i am, fez, everybody's doing it. pinky, the day i do the schmeerskahoven, is the day i've lost my mind. egad, maybe brain has lost his mind then it must be true. brain's been brainwashed. i mean, if he'll dance the schmeerskahoven, he'll doanything. narf like all the fun, fun, sillywilly things he's never let himself do. ahh there's nothin' like a relaxin', long gelatin bath to refresh the senses, ay, pork pie. uh, no, ii guess not. are you sure i like to do this, fez. oh, yes, everyone loves gelatin baths. and after this, we can lick the floor till it's all shiny. gee, that sounds fun. come on, pork pie, it's time to walk the sponge. la la la la lala la la la you don't look so good. i must've overindulged.  i guess that was one too many linoleum tiles. yes, but they are tasty. you know, fez, it's nice to be reminded of the things i used to love to do. but i can't help thinking there's something missing. something i used to have a real passion for. it was something i don't knowbigger, like i had some great destiny to fulfill. hmm. um, iii wouldn't know, really. oh, well, let's keep going then. come on, spongey. la la la la la la la  oh, i can't take it. oh, i've been very bad, pork pie. you don't like gelatin baths or licking the linoleum or any of it. i don't. no. i just wanted you to have fun. and do all the things you'd never do when you had your mind. but now i see it's terribly wrong. it's not youit's scary. there's only one thing you have a passion for yes. the only thing you've ever wanted to do is  time for the evening schmeerskahoven. chop, chop. yes. the only thing i ever wanted to do is dance. troz. come, pork pienarf. the land of hats is a bad, bad place. i've got to get you out of here and get your mind back. let me go, fez. i've got to dance. no, that's not your destiny. it's bob. they've got you, too. do you know the way out.      it'sit's like a nightmare, isn't it pork pie. pork pie. no  pork pie. no. they're pork pie they're pork pie and the fez fez, fez, fez, fez man: here are some scenes from part 2 of brainwashed. put your hands in the air.  brain: someone has boobytrapped the computer. we've got to get out of here. what kind of person would blow up our lab. that clown from washington, d. c. . newt gingrich. you haven't heard the last of me, brain. bop yourself on the head and cross your eyes both: yeah, schmeerskahoven just as i suspected, pinky, unless we can find someone around here who's willing to help us, the whole world is doomed. pinky: the top hat's going to blow it's lid.  uhh. ooh.  pork pie. pork pie, are you ok. warner bros. captioned by the national ) )