gee, brain, what do you want to do tonight. the same thing we do every night, pinkytry to take over the world. they're pinky and the brain yes, pinky and the brain one is a genius the other's insane they're laboratory mice their genes have been spliced they're dinky they're pinky and the brain brain, brain, brain brain, brain, brain, brain, brain before each night is done their plan will be unfurled by the dawning of the sun they'll take over the world they're pinky and the brain yes, pinky and the brain their twilight campaign is easy to explain to prove their mousey worth they'll overthrow the earth they're dinky they're pinky and the brain brain, brain, brain brain, brain, brain, brain pinky: narf. warner bros.  why did you have to blow on that infernal pocket comb, pinky. well, i thought we should have some lighterthanair music for our lighterthanair ship. zort.  aah. ohh. unfortunately, the static electricity generated by your lighterthanair music ignited the hydrogen in our lighterthanair ship, turning it into one big lighterthanair lighter. poit. oh, i'm sorry, brain. music is supposed to make everyone happy. look at those people over there.  see. happy. happy. la la la la laaah. pinky. ow. oof. oh, myyes. ha ha ha. ha ha ha. see, pinky. music is dangerous. oh, you're wrong, brain. shoes are dangerous. narf. music is all happywappy, fizzyfuzzy, squishywishy, and warm and shiny all over. pinky, get a grip. music puts people into a dangerous trancelike state. oh. well, only if you mean by that that music renders people completely suggestible and lacking in selfcontrol. that is precisely what ithat's brilliant.   pinky, are you pondering what i'm pondering. well, i think so, brain, but wouldn't anything lose its flavor on the bedpost overnight. no, pinky. come. i will tap out a subliminal world domination message in morse code using a pair of tap dancing steampowered legs of my own creation. ooh. steampowered legs. you can press your pants while you wear them. sartorial splendor is not my primary concern, pinky. i have something more ambitious in mind. our venue the 1939 new york world's fair, where the world will come to see the future, and the future will be yours truly. narf. i give you that marvel of modern technology, your companion of the future: television. ooh. ooh. ooh. brain, maybe someday there'll be one of those in every home. don't be foolish, pinky. people don't want their radios staring back at them. p. a. : welcome to our scale model of the city of the future where freeways will end traffic jams forever. look, brain. troz. ha. in the city of the future, i'll be a giant. mwah ha ha. but apparently, your mind will retain its current lilliputian dimensions. oh, well. one can only hope. come, pinky. victory looms imminent. the fair's opening ceremonies commence in precisely 10 minutes. we have but mere moments to remove the one fly from our ointment. mmm, yummy. i like ointment. zort. pinky, if you had a mind, it would be a terrible thing to waste. whoo hoo. ha ha ha. whee. ha ha ha. hoo hoo hoo.  hello. bill "bojangles" robinson. greatest tap dancer on the planet. some do say so. who's this. this is, uhahempresident franklin delano roosevelt. and i want to have a, uh, fireside chat with you right here on the phone. i'm ordering you to go immediately to pearl harbor, hawaii, and give a goodwill performance to boost military morale. but, mr. president, i'm afraid i got to lead the world's fair parade in 9 minutes. you have nothing to fear but fear itself. we'll get a replacement. your country needs you. oh, well. it is hawaii. everything is in place, pinky. soon, i shall take over the world using steampowered legs. zort. it's enough to make me want to start wearing pants. aah. prepare all systems, pinky. i hear world's fair president grover weyland and his coterie of officials approaching. ooh. i'm tingling all over. poit. we must find someone to replace bojangles. the world of tomorrow won't wait for yesterday. you said it, mr. weyland. ahem. allow me to introduce myself.  now, pinky, and be sure to keep the music going no matter what.  ooh. ooh. aah.  he's the cat's pajamas. i love it. the technology of tomorrow meets the arts of today. you're hired. i want a total publicity blitz on this guy today. not tomorrow, or it'll seem like yesterday. yes, sir. uh, who did you say you are. right now, today. just refer to me as a highly proficient lab mouse poised to take over the world. that's rich. a techno marvel with a sense of humor. it makes tomorrow seem like yesterday today. you've got to get to the opening parade before today turns into last week. brother, you said a mouthful.  for some astounding reason, i feel that i should follow his dancing footsteps into the world of tomorrow right now. now you're talkin', grover.  if you don't know where to be don't fight the urge come on and tap dance here with me undividedly yes. don't delay, come tap with me you're gonna see where genius sits the pinnacle of wits folks will never need to beg or borrow no, no when they live in my world of tomorrow no more sorrow step this way, life will be sweeter start today, i'll be your leader clap your mitts the pinnacle of wits  aaahhh. uhoh. brain. don't bother me now, pinky. i nearly have them completely under my steam power. just keep the music going no matter what. poit. at long last, pinky. one more burst of steamdriven morse code terpsichore, and the world shall belong toegad. huh. huh. huh. pinky, where's the music. aah. eek. troz. poit.    what's going on. this is the music of yesterdaytoday. it's a solid drag. narf. nyaaahhh. look, everybody. conga. 1, 2, 3, 4, conga 1, 2, 3, 4, conga 1, 2, 3, 4, conga 1, 2, 3, 4, conga brain: aaahhh. aah. aah. i just talked to the real president, and no steamdriving tap dancer's gonna trick me out of my place at the head of this parade. watch how it's done, hot pants. you realize what this means, pinky. hmmmpoit. um, shirley temple needs a new partner. yes, pinky. but it also means we must ready ourselves for the next new york world's fair in 1964. why, brain. what are we going to do at the next world's fair. the same thing we do at every world's fair, pinky. try to take over the world. yay.  pinky, lend me your comb.  they're dinky they're pinky and the brain brain, brain, brain brain tonight, pinky, we are going to serve the world its just desserts. poit. like the gobi or the sahara. those are deserts, pinky. deserts have camels. desserts have whipped cream. sometimes camels have whipped cream. zort. i don't want to hear about it.  aah.  mmm. lemon meringue pie, pinky. a tangy, tantalizing confection which is the perfect shield for my hypnotic sugar substitute nutra brain. patent pending. narf. once ingested, it will render humans incapable of coherent thought. and i i ohwait. no, no. repetition is the scourge of genius, pinky. no great thinker ever copies himself. i don't know, brain. i do it all the time. ha ha ha. don't you see, pinky. hypnotic sugar substitute is no different than the hypnotic sago. i don't want to repeat our failed pancake jamboree. oh. poit. i guess that rules out the waffle hootenanny. fortunately, i always keep a spare plan or two handy, just in case. zort. i always keep a spare ball of belly button lint handy, just in case. yes. i believe you keep it between your ears. behold plan "b. " we shall infiltrate the publisher's cleaninghouse sweepstakes offices by posing as ed mcmahon and his sidekick dick clark. oh. which one will i be, brain. the fundamentally useless and stupid one, pinky. yes, but which one will i be. once inside the offices, we shall reprogram the computer system to place a backwards subliminal message in every mailer that goes out across theoh, dear. that's just like my failed chain letter scheme. "infomercials, subliminal messages, "perpetual tea times, "subliminal messages, "workman's compensation scams, "subliminal messages, "giant mirrored disco ball, subliminal messages. " i've used all these plans before, pinky. there isn't an original scheme in the entire rolodex. what about using my plan, brain. your plan. yes. the one where we stick ourselves to the bottom of air force one with denture cream and shout, "birdy, birdy, birdy." narf. and how, may i ask, will that enable us to take over the world. it won't. it's just, well fun, fun, sillywilly. narf. the day i have long rued has finally come to pass. uncle wiggley has gone to the carrot patch once too often, and now the cupboard is bare. drat. i can't even construct a decent metaphor. oh, cheer up, brain. i mean, even tony danza has days when he's not funny. i must contemplate this problem and devise a solution. then again, tony does have some very talented writers. pinky, please. i'm trying to think ofthat's it. pinky, are you pondering what i'm pondering. i think so, brain. but 3 round meals a day wouldn't be as hard to swallow. no, pinky. we shall hire wouldbe screenwriters to formulate dozens of original plans which we shall then claim as our own and use as we see fit. oh. won't that be expensive, brain. not at all, pinky. screenwriters are used to being compensated with nothing but points on the back end. doesn't that hurt. well, you tell me. ohh. aaahh. uhh. man: what. "pinky and the brain". it's some new show about 2 lab mice who are trying to take over the world. happy. no, stupid. pinky and the brain. lab mice. why do you think they named him "pinky". brain: any questions. uh, yeah. so you're doing a tv show. uh, yes. and in our tv show, the character known as brain is attempting to take his rightful place as omnipotent potentate of the world. and, um, the character named pinky is his fundamentally useless and stupid sidekick. narf. and we need an intricate plan for global domination. so dazzle me. ahem. ok, um what if brain, see, he has a plan and like, um, pinky, uh he messes it up. oh, he's good, brain. and you came up with this all on your own. what if your brain starts a fast food franchise and he puts a hypnotic secret sauce in the hamburgers. be careful not to slam the door on your way back to the mailroom. what if, like, brain had an ice cream truck and he put hypnotic creamy filling in the popcicles. be careful not to spurt pomegranate juice out of your nose while wearing white linen. poit. brain could put his face on mount rushmore. put his face on the statue of liberty. travel back in time and put his face on the sphinx. what if brain had a fast food franchise and he put subliminal messages in the burger wrappers. i used to write for mr. george gobel. now, that was a funny man. what if brain had some ice cream and pinky didn't like it, and brain says you are too silly, pinky. and pinky says no. you are silly. if you bite me, i will hurt you, pinky. no. i will hurt you. i hate you. you are silly. no. you are silly. i hurt you. you are bad. you are silly. uh, no offense, but a show about 2 tiny lab mice trying to take over the world. get real. i've got something that'll blow your tails off. what if, while scimperscampering around the lab one night, pinky and the brain stumble upon a secret government experiment and are accidentally injected with a megatronic, dnablasting genetic cocktail. faster than you can say product licensing, they become braindude and pinkasaur. they're mice and they're cool. theme song. check it out. braindude and pinkasaur braindude and pinkasaur they're mice they fight they're crimefighting lab mice braindude and pinkasaur braindude and pinkasaur braindude and pinkasaur braindude and pinkasaur yeah. they're mice, and they're cute. and instead of doing something all ickypoopy, like dominating humanity, they learn to love each other and brush their teeth. pinky and brainy they're winky and wainy they live in a mushroom with ponies and gnomes and giraffes and ladybugs and gentleman bugs and a fuzzy wuzzy troglodyte and a duckbilled platypus and a polar bear named jacob and a big funny giant with floppy ears named morton and leprechauns and fireflies and lots of invisible friends, too i used to write for mr. squiddleydiddley. now, there was a funny cephalopod.   you continue to be silly. no. you continue to be silly. you are the sillier of both of us. who's that. i don't know. get him. get him. aaahhh. what if brain put subliminal messages his face on a statue of dick gautier. hypnotic undergarments subliminal hockey pucks. brain and pinky get sucked into the internet. hypnotic tuna casserole. take over norad, blow up the world. start a fast food franchise. hypnotic toothpaste. aah. uh, brain, he's thinking of a plan, and, um, brainno. i mean pinky, he, uh, watches while brain is thinking. come, pinky. dweeb: but pinky, he's thinking about something else. it is obvious that there are no original writers in hollywood, pinky. look, brain. warner bros. studios. maybe we can find some writers there. poit. nah. we can't afford them, pinky. we don't have enough bananas. they're pinky and brainy they're winky and wainy stop that, pinky. cease. 'k. what now, brain. back to our mushroom house to prepare for tomorrow night. no, pinky. we shall stop at a pharmacy and purchase a tube of denture adhesive and then attach our bodies to the bottom of air force one. so we can take over the world. no. it's just fun, fun, sillywilly. narf. writer: * they're dinky * they're pinkasaur and the braindude dude, dude, dude yeah. narfrageous. ha ha ha. warner bros. captioned by the national www. ncicap. org ) )