gee, brain, what do you want to do tonight. the same thing we do every night, pinky, try to take over the world. they're pinky and the brain yes, pinky and the brain one is a genius the other's insane they're laboratory mice their genes have been spliced they're dinky they're pinky and the brain brain, brain, brain brain, brain, brain, brain, brain before each night is done their plan will be unfurled by the dawning of the sun they'll take over the world they're pinky and the brain yes, pinky and the brain their twilight campaign is easy to explain to prove their mousey worth they'll overthrow the earth they're dinky they're pinky and the brain brain, brain, brain brain, brain, brain, brain narf. warner bros. hey, drive with me let's drive, let's drive today get in my car, and we'll travel far stop for lunch, and you can pay we'll watch out for old ladies and dogs who stray hey, drive with me let's drive, let's drive today put it in gear, jack. ha ha ha ha ha. hoo hoo hoo. encore. encore. pinky. uh why, i was, uh, just, uh how long have you been listening. ohoh, since the first song on the album, brain. uh, what was it. um bring on the mimes. send in the clowns. egad. how will they all fit in the cage. ha ha. well, believe it or not, my little impromptu concert is actually part of tonight's plan. i was merely using the captivating melodies of the great fred spinatra, otherwise known as the chairman of the boardroom, to test my latest inventionbrainophonic sound. we shall place a pair of gigantic stereo speakers on the north and south poles of the earth. narf. zort. then the whole world can hear you sing. hey, drive with me with me, me, meuhh. yeee. you are desecrating a work of art, pinky. poit. sorry. how does it go again. i don't remember. oh, yes, you do, brain. sing it for me. please. pinky, i don't sing. well, that is, i don't sing very well. though, i'll admit, i have a certain flair for phrasing. but believe it or not, there is a sound even more grating on the nerves than my feeble warbling.  brain. do you hear that.   whwhere's it comin' from. drip.   aah. drip. aah. uhh. yes. operation water torture works as planned. once our speakers are in place, we shall broadcast the incessant sound of a dripping faucet across the globe. unable to comprehend the source of the sound, the populace will be driven temporarily mad and we shall seize the planet. and then will you sing. i don't sing. now pack, pinky. to obtain the $83 billion necessary to finance the speakers, we must head to a place where overweight, middleaged people go to party and throw away money. capitol hill. no. las vegas, nevada, where we shall build brain's palace, a hotel/casino of epic proportions. there, freespending crowds will squander their savings and unwittingly finance our plan. and they'll get to hear you sing. how many times do i have to tell you. i don't sing. i won't sing. oh. ok. let's go then. well, if you're going to beg me hey, drive with me let's drive, let's drive today welcome to brain's palace. ooh. lovely. very impressive. when completed, it will be the greatest showplace yet built by mouse, er, man. how much are you looking to borrow. well, the casino will more than pay for itself once it's open. all we need is 6 million in seed money. zort. if we build it out of seeds, won't the birds eat it. mmmph. oof. what kind of collateral do you have. why, my word of honor. what else could you possibly need. waaaa. waaaa. ooh. if at first you don't succeed, pinkyoof. cry, cry again.  yaaa. yaaa. ung. unh. what happens if at last you don't succeed, brain. we see a chiropractor. well, you have come to the right place, little man. pay me back, or i'll crack your back. that's my motto. ho ho ho ho ho. a little moneylender joke. ah, ha ha ha ha ha ha. she's funny, brain. hoo hoo. narf. hilarious. i started with one arthur godfrey collector's plate. now i have all this. brain: lucky you. yes, and that's why i consider it my duty to make dreams come true for young people such as yourself and make a considerable profit, of course. of course. now, we'll want big name entertainment in your casino. and you shall have it: all of 1962's now sounds. just imagine this marquee lit up with the likes of martin and lewis. or lewis and lambchop. and, uh, i have collateral. the deed to acme labs, the finest research facility in the country. oh, brain, um, do you think you should do that. it's the only way, pinky. besides, our casino will be such a success, we'll never lose the lab. oh, thank you. confidentially, i would have accepted your word of honor. just be sure to pay me back, otherwise my grandchildren will be very unhappy. ho ho ho ho ho ho. ha ha ha ha. well, we wouldn't want to make the little tykes cry. oh, they won't cry, but you might. grrr grrr   brain: no, no, no. am i the only one in this desert who knows the difference between italian marble and terrazzo. uhhyeah. rip it out. replace it. what kind of games are we gonna have in the casino, brain. why, baccarat, of course. burt baccarat. no, pinky. baccarat, the thinking person's game. nothing but the finest for brain's palace. this will be the world's first allbaccarat casino. how do you play it. well, you, uh, have cards, and then there's a guy who speaks french with a shoe thing and, uh, cards. it's like chemin de fer. mmhmm. you have no idea, do you. what is this. pine.. you're making these walls out of pine.. i will accept nothing less than mahogany. there is no substitute for diana ross. narf. you want mahogany inside the walls. brain's palace must stand as a monument for generations to come. only the best will do. start over. and do it right this time. ok, fellas, you heard the little emperor. tear it down again. troz. um, aren't we spending an awful lot of money, brain. don't bother me now, pinky. i'm fuming. uh, brain. i said not now, pinky. 'k. what's up, puppy dog. ow, wowwow, wow, wo puppy dog, puppy dog, cockapoo please don't chew on my shoe brain: enough. so, when do i start. as soon as your talent catches up with your chest hair. gesundheit, honey gesundheit how i loved when you sneezed last night ahahchoo. catchy little tune, isn't it, brain. cold and flu season is over. danke schoen and goodbye. danke schoen. hmm why can't we find anyone talented to perform at the biggest resort/hotel/casino in the history of vegas. maybe it's because we spent all the money/cash/moola on solid gold ice buckets and handwoven turkish bathroom tissue. we could always melt down those lucite toilet seats you insisted on and get the silver dollars out of them. no, pinky. they've already been sanitized for your protection. we'll never find a decent headliner who's willing to work for peanuts. poit. i know someone who'd work for food pellets. yes, i'm sure they're tremendously talented. oh, i think you're very talented, brain. you've got the goods, jack. ha ha ha ha. me. why, i couldn't. i've never sung for an audience. then again, it is all in the phrasing. oh, that's absurd. a casino headlined by its own chairman. yoohoo, boys. i just thought you two nice young fellows would be hungry, so i baked some fresh oatmeal cookies. oh, joy. mmm, yummy. i put them on my durwood kirby collector's plate for good luck. oh, that reminds me. you promised big name entertainment, little man, but i see no big names on the big marquee. that's because it's, uh, a big surprise. surprises can be very aggravating for people my age. now be a sweet boy and tell me who the headliner will be. unhi can't. the way things are going, it'll probably be our chair man. ha ha ha. narf. oh. the chairman. oh. old brown eyes. oh. mr. fred spinatra. all right. all right. second thug: this is great. i can't wait to tell my friends in the burt mustin fan club that the chairman is playing here. ptoo, ptoo, ptoo. brain, what'll we do. where will we find a man made out of a chair who can sing. no, pinky. they're expecting fred spinatra, and we can't deliver. oh, poor bernice. she'll be heartbroken. and we'll be backbroken. unlesspinky, are you pondering what i'm pondering. well, i think so, brain. but how will we get one pair of capri pants. no, pinky. when your back's against the wall and the chips are down, you've got to grab the brass ring, my friend. since we cannot afford the great fred spinatra, another chairman will have to take his place. jack.  ahem. good evening, ladies and germs. zort. without further adodo, give it up for my close personal friend, a performer who's bound to take over the world by storm: brainnatra. who. what. brainatra. boo. boo. boo. crowd: we want fred. hello, young lovers. welcome to brain's palace. my first song is about a certain type of mouse. he's a fighter. a mouse who, just when you think he's down for the count, dares to get back up and fight for his dream. because in this crazy, koo koo, knocked out, groovy, nutty, mixedup world, my friends, your dreams are all you have got. yes, plans, i've made a few but i'm not through i am tenacious i'll do what i must do to take the world, but i'll be gracious my plan will soon unfurl and i won't fail citizen kane's way, and, oh one thing is clear, you'll do it brain's way in time, you're going to bow and then you'll kneel right here before me i am not a sacred cow you will avow, and you'll adore me it is my destiny to lead you now not in mark twain's day, and, oh one thing is clear, you'll do it brain's way i'm not just a mouse no, i am not nor am i some evil despot i'm going to rule, that is my fate i'll be the supreme high potentate no need to fear, my will is clear you'll do it brain's way, yes.  you have moved me, jack. it's fred spinatra. he likes it. i hereby ordain you the latest thing, my friend. koo koo, daddyo. now, that's amore. i know that dude.  that was beautiful, man. i'll tie the world up in rope stick it in a closet slide some food under the door what a plan, what a planet i'm in charge i'll fill the oceans with soap watch the tides deposit bubbles all over the shore what a mouse, what a monarch i'm in charge yeah what could make a brave little mouse think he'll live inside the white house. you'll never hear that mouse grouse he's not wearing no blouse, but he has big dreams, he has big dreams he has angel food cake in the lake schemes so if you want to dominate, don't be second rate just remember that mouse kids: * ooh, hey, wow, the mouse is in the white house * brain: * ooh, hey, wow, that mouse is in the white house * ooh, hey, wow, the mouse is in the white house white house these fins are built for swimmin' that's what they're gonna do stay out of the pool or else these fins will splash in front of you ok, fins. start flippin'.  it's impossible. how can the casino be empty. i'm doing 3 soldout shows a night. that's how. all baccarat all the time. baccarat is the thinking person's game. but no one knows how to play it. oh, you play it with a shoe and a frenchman. er, i can't be bothered with trivialities. i'm a big star. if you people can't appreciate baccarat, put in some new games for all i care. so then ernie borgnine says to me, "what are you, a man or a mouse." and i said, "what do i look like, my friend. i am a mouse. " hey. we got a mouse in the pack. the mouse pack. oh, ain't that a kick in the head. the love in this room dig it. you are koo koo. narf poit, man. i'm hep, daddyo. zort, baby. hey, granny wants to see you. tell granny i'm busy. ughh.  what is your name. uh, stan. that's right. you win. oh. wow. we won. everybody's winning. yes. and isn't it wonderful.. you said to put in games people like to play, so that's what i did. heh. narf. unfortunately, we're going bankrupt. we're going to have to foreclose. you can't foreclose on me. my show still packs them in. pinky: please welcome, brainnatra. hello, young lovers. welcome topinky, where is everyone. um, well, they went over to the purple pelican with spinatra to see that dwayne fignewton fellow. his danke schoen song is the new latest thing. but dino, sammy, fred, they're my friends. ah, yes, well, fred said to give you a message. um, what was it now. oh, yes. "i hereby ordain you pass, baby. " fame is a fickle mistress. poit. does this mean we'll lose the hotel/casino. yes, pinky. come. we'd better go back to the lab and prepare for tomorrow night. why, brain. what are we going to do tomorrow night. are you going to sing a song. yes, my friend. i'll sing a song about that long and winding road, about the plans that failed and the dreams that flew the coop. not so fast, little man. what do you want from me. brain's palace is yours. so is acme labs. i did it brain's way, chachacha good night, everyone. don't forget to stop by the gift shop for your brainatra collector's plates. encore.  narf. sing it one more time, baby. no, pinky, you'll have to wait till tomorrow night. why, what are we going to do tomorrow night. the same thing we do every night, pinky. sing that stupid song another 50 times until we can buy back the lab. chorus: * he did it brain's way, way, way, way chachacha warner bros. captioned by the national www. ncicap. org ) )