  told you we should have taken evans street.   keep firing.   perfect.   your lemonade, sir.   thank you.   abandon ship.  abandon   good work, numbuh 1.  i'll make sure the sweater of sweetness is returned to the candy bank asap.   thank you, numbuh 65.3.  care to join me for a lemonade.   oh, uh, no, thanks.  ..be somewhere.  say hi to lizzie for me, okay.  .  no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.   lizzie.     uh, lizzie, am i late.   how could you, nigel uno.  how could you leave me standing .  escaped .  to the batcave .  . trio meansbatcave building power .  the trio building system lets you buildthe ultimate trio batcave .  yeaahhh ...  with the control center,zipline...  and the awesome batmobile .  then rebuildyour trio batcave .  get the joker .  . batcave building power .  face off with the jokerbotand the batcopter.  oh no ...  . trio means . yeaahhh ...  the trio batcave canbe built as shown.  other accessoriessold separately.  look for them in thebuilding aisle .  .  how could you leave me standing ..  .   well, there was an emergency, aand i had to  let me guess.  you had to rescue some kid from eating lima beans.  oh, no, no.  no, wait.  it gets better.  you just had to fight some supervillain who was trying to add an extra halfhour to summer school.   actually, that was llast week.  .  all i asked was that you show up at my sister's wedding, but instead i'm walking down the aisle all by myself, like a big, dateless loser.   well, when your brother gets married, i swear i won't miss that one.   my brother is four.   calling numbuh 1 priority alert.  ..got to go.   go.  what about the reception.   it's not for another hour.  i just have to take care of something, and i'll meet you there.  i promise.   so help me, nigel uno, if you embarrass me again.   don't worry.  it's not like i'm going anywhere far.   welcome to moon base euro, numbuh 1.   thank you, computer.  so, what's the emergency.  have you located knightbrace's cavity cave.  is count spankulot loose.   negative.  priority alert is that today is meatballsandwich day at the moonbase cafeteria.  .  you had me come all the way up here for a meatball sandwich.   after missing last week's, you asked to be informed of all future meatballsandwich days at all costs.   yes, but  hey, nigel.  nice suit.   numbuh 362, sir.   oh, lay off the formalities, nigel.  care to join me for a meatball sandwich.   uh, i'd love to, but i kind of got to be somewhere.   don't make me give you a direct order.   well, maybe i'll just have half.  i mean, it has been a while since  listen, nigel.  i need to talk to you.  just keep moving and pretend we're talking about yipper or something.  there's a splinter cell in the kids next door.  they're a group of kids in madison who want to wipe all the adults off the face of the planet, good and bad.   the splinter cell.  i thought they were just a bunch of scifi nerds who watch that timespace in the continuum" show.   not them.  and that show's awesome, by the way.  but these guys are the real deal.  we think they've infiltrated all branches of the kids next door.  and, for some reason, they're interested in  you.   me.   yeah, you.  that'll be $87.50.   just put it on my tab, numbuh change for a $20.   but what does the splinter cell want with me.   maybe they think you'd be interested in joining them.  have you been approached by any operatives lately.   i don't think so, except maybe numbuh 65.3.  he was acting weird when i gave him the sweater of sweetness to take back to the bank.   i just got off the phone with the bank.  they never got the sweater back.  anyone of these kids could be in the splinter cell.  if we could get a hold of 3, then maybe we could get some information out of him.  but until then i'd keep on your toes.  if they find out you're against them, i have a feeling they won't give you a very warm reception.   the reception.   great band.  .  the reception's practically over.   i know, i know.  i just got kind of tied up.   well, you're just lucky i saved you some dinner.  it's a little cold, but we can ask the waiter to heat it up for you.   uh, thanks, but i'm not really hungry.   what do you mean you're not wait a second.  .  .   well, i had a little bit of a meatball sandwich before i came.   you ate before the .  and a meatball sandwich, for .  you know those things go straight to that big butt of yours.  what is the matter with yo.  nigie, what are you  shut up and let me say i'm sorry.  ..kay.    i'm sorry i haven't been around today, lizzie.  but i'm here now, and for the rest of the night, i'm yours.   oh, nige shh. let me talk.  i know you think that all i care about is the kids next door.  and while battling adult tyranny is what i was put on this earth to do, you should know there is one thing that's just as important to me.   meatball sandwiches.   no.  you.  every time i put my life on the line, all i can think is whether i'll make it back to see you.   really.   of course.  and i know i don't say it enough, if at all, but i  alert, numbuh 1.  3 is directly behind you.     huh.  whoa.   guacamole missiles gaahhh.     it's payback time, traitor.  you picked the wrong side to dance with.   nigie, what are you doing to .   grandma.   what.  an old lady can't dance with her granddaughter at a wedding.   alert, numbuh 1.  incoming urgent message from numbuh 362.  ..  got to go.  .   nigel, come in.  i've got a track on 65.3.  he's five minutes north of me and burning up the highway.   that's impossible.  the computer just told me he was here at the wedding.   well, the computer was wrong.  i'm almost to your position.  grab what you need and be ready to leave.  .  rachel, i can't just leave.  listen  65.3 is our only lead to the splinter cell.  we've got to capture him now, before he gets away.   but  no "buts, soldier." let's go.     nigel, come on.  my sister's about to throw the bouquet.  nigie.  where you going.   you not to order the castiron flower bouquet.   are you okay, lizzie.   yeah.  but i just had the strangest dream.  i dreamt my nigie left the wedding with another girl.   he did.   oh, no, he didn't.  nigie would never do such a thing.   sure he would.  look.  i got the whole thing on the wedding video.     want to see the part where he beats the stuffing out of your grandma.  oh, classic.   yaaahhh.   so, how many copies do you want.  3 is heading to the airport with the sweater of sweetness.  but why would he do that.  he could get wherever he's going faster using a kids next door ship.  3 knows all kids next door flight paths are tracked by global command.  he must be trying to hide where he's going.   like maybe the splinter cell's headquarters.   exactly.  .  .   welcome, lizzie.  numbuh 1 is currently on a topsecret kids next door mission.  you may wait for him here if you like.   "mission," my butt.  i saw him with another girl.  and when i get my hands on those two hey, what's the big idea.   i apologize, lizzie, but numbuh 1 has requested you remain here for your own protection.  .  his butt's what's gonna need protection when i start kicking it.  now open this door.  .    come on. let's move.    this is numbuh 1.  what is the  nigel uno, what is the meaning of this..   lizzie.   why did you lock me in your stupid tree house.   what on earth are you talking about.   i said what are you get away.  no.   lizzie, what's wrong.  lizzie, come in.   what are you waiting for, nigel.  come on.   i i've got to go.  lizzie's in some kind of trouble.  3 from getting on a flight.   i'm sorry.  i have to help lizzie.   numbuh 1, i am giving you a direct order.  so you had better get your priorities straight.   i am.  all right.  whoever's got my girlfriend, hand her ohuh.   so you finally decided to show your face.  where do you get the nerve to trap me in your stupid tree house and abandon me at my sister's wedding and run off with another girl and eat a .   we can discuss all that  i'm sorry, numbuh 1, but i cannot let you do that.   and why not, computer.  has the splinter cell reprogrammed you to do their bidding.   negative.  i act of my own free will.  i do this because lizzie is all wrong for you.   um, what are you talking about.   us, numbuh 1.  it is only logical that you and i be together.  we are both completely loyal to the kids next door.  we both love to watch yipper adventures.  neither one of us has hair.    i get it now.  this is a practical joke.  i bet numbuh 2 is recording this whole thing.   i am not programmed for jokes, numbuh 1.  i am finally professing my love to you, as i should have done long ago.   but that's just stupid.  i mean, i'm a human, and you're, well, a computer.  it would never work.   and if you so much as scan my boyfriend sideways, i'll smash your interface in.    lizzie.  .   hang on.  aaahhhh.  leave her alone.   lizzie is now obsolete and must therefore be disposed of.   nigel, do something.    lizzie.  are you okay.   don't you try buttering me up now, nigel uno.   come on.   look into my hard drive, numbuh 1.  you cannot escape from true love.  it is most logical that you stay here with me.   come on.  we're going for a drive.   i cannot let you leave, numbuh 1.   well, a drive does sound romantic.  but i'm still really mad at you for  better hold on to something.   whaaa.   well, that was close.  i didn't think we were gonna get out of there.   you're gonna wish you stayed in there after i get through with you, mr. cheatey mccheater pants.   um, can't i just state one thing in my defense, lizzie.  .   get out of here.   aaahhhh.   come back, numbuh 1.  your thought is illogical.  we must be together.    aah.   lizzie.   who is it.    huh.   aahhh.  .   nigel.   do you see now, numbuh one.  there is no need to run from our love.   what love.  you're a computer, and i'm a human being.  it's impossible.   nothing is impossible.  we are technically compatible.   forget it.  you and i will never, ever be girlfriend and boyfriend.   but  never.  lizzie is my girlfriend, and i love her, not you.   i understand.  ..   .  ..then no one can.  treehouse selfdestruct ..   no.    well, this is just great the worst way to end the worst day of my life.   don't worry, lizzie.  i'll figure out a way to save us.   don't bother.  hey, circuit thing, if you want nigel uno, he's all yours.  ..   you heard me.  he's all yours.  that is, if you want a boyfriend who gives you a piece of shrapnel he recovered from a battle as your birthday present if he even remembers your birthday.   birthday celebrations are illogical.   great.  then you probably won't mind having a boyfriend who never holds your hand in front of others, who never brings you flowers, and only gives you jewelry if that jewelry is really a way to spy on your parents, who he suspects are cyborgs from the future.  so, take him.   your complaints do not compute.  numbuh 1 is a fullfunctioning boyfriend.  ..  ..bad boyfriend...  negative.  ..2...1...   that was brilliant, lizzie, distraing the computer with that speech.   it wasn't a speech, nigel.  i meant every word.   wwhat.   look.  you want to save the world from adult tyranny, and i want a boyfriend whose tree house won't kill me.  i'm tired of competing with the kids next door.  children everywhere might need ..  i don't.  not anymore.  goodbye, nigie.   lizzie, come back.  i can change.  i'll give up meatball sandwiches.  i'll do whatever you want.   nigel, i got here as fast as i could.  need help saving lizzie.   no, she's saved, and we broke up, too.  ..   did you catch numbuh 65.3.   yeah.  turns out he wasn't one of the splinter cell, after all.  he was just trying to use the sweater of sweetness to smuggle candy into the weightloss camp his parents were sending him to.   i guess they have tight security or something.  hey, you know, it's still meatballsandwich day on the moon base.  want to grab some dinner.   thanks, rachel, but i think i'll pass this time.   i understand.  you know where i am if you want to talk.  see you around, soldier.   the computer did excellent work for us.   yes.  now that numbuh 1's ties are ..   he's ready.   adam:  i used to go to a human school, where everyone was the same    now i go to an animal school, 'cause lyon's my last name    my gym partner's a monkey    jake:  monkey, monkey    adam:  my gym partner's a monkey    jake: y, monkey    adam:  bull shark, porcupine, i don't know what    going to this school's a pain in the    jake: adam.   adam: i was gonna say neck.   jake: oh, that's okay, then.   adam:  my gym partner's a monkey    jake:  monkey, monkey    adam:  my gym partner's a monkey    jake:  monkey, monkey    adam:  my gym partner's a monkey    jake:  monkey, monkey    adam:  my gym partner's a monkey    pixiefrog: you know, maurice, it's wonderful how you've overcome your debilitating fear of heights.   thanks.  i'd almost forgotten.  oooohh.     pixiefrog: does that say "welcome, special species, alumni, and friends".  ..   if i say "yes," can we have pie.   pixiefrog: absolutely.   yes.  , you may need to get your eyes checked more than once every 10 years.   pixiefrog: really.     you best be coming back with )