  sing polly wolly doodle all the day    hah   3>v4.olk special delivery, courtesy of  numbuh 1, supreme commander "  you're supposed to letmesay my name, numbuh 101.   sorry.  i'm just so excited you made it in time.  i don't know how much longer i could have held out.  delicious.   ice cream.  you wasted my valuable time just .   numbuh 86 said i could.   ah.  the next time you call, it had better be important.    aah.  now where was i.  ah, yes, welcome to the kids next door seriously cool museum of artifacts and stuff.   step lively, people lots to see.  here we have some of our earliest 2x4 technology, so primitive, in fact, that it doesn't even use rubber bands or styrofoam cups.  101, sir, what is this.   that, my dear sonia, is the one and only recommissioning device said to be built by numbuh zero himself.  it could reawaken anyone's memories, even if their minds have been wiped clean in one of our decommissioning chambers.   does it work.   oh.  if you knew your kids next door history, you'd be aware that it was damaged beyond repair in the great juniorhigh rebellion of '99.  honestly.   sorry.   oh, never mind that.  if you want to see something that's cool and works, follow me.  it's right this way, past the food court and gallery of supervillainy.   oh, for pete's sake.  don't be chicken.  they're just statues sculpted out of numbuh 191's ear wax.   ew.   here we are.  behold my greatest invention.   uh, that just looks like a calculator.   fools.  this is a k.n.d.n.a. tracer.  with just a tiny trace element of dna an old, chewedup gum wad, sweaty sock, or a booger it can track anything, even the true identity of numbuh zero.  and yes, it's also a calculator.   oh, give me a break.  numbuh zero's a myth.  my big sister said so, and she should know, 'cause she's numbuh 362 and all.  numbuh zero's about as real as that statue of knightbrace back there.    i smell tooth decay.   no need to be scared, right, lee.  it's all of us against only one of him.   wrong, you brats.   mr. boss.  crazy, old cat lady.  mr. fibb.  tour group "f," battle stations.    charge.    no.  my diorama of the missing sector " i worked all week on that.  aah.    time for a checkup from the fluoride fury, knightbrace.   no.  oh, may future kids next door forgive me.  whoa.   huh.  whaa.  ..  ..  impacted incisors.   ohaahhh.    hey, are those souvenir hats.  i'll take two.   got to get help.   alert, alert.  " " "  yeah, i know i was supposed to go fishing today, dad.  no, it's not that i don't like spending quality time with you.  it's just, you know, more cool hanging out with my friends than with my dad.    incoming transmission from moon base.   and a priorityencrypted tripledistress code from numbuh 101 at kids next door museum.  said this time it's important.   your girlfriend's calling from the mall.  she wants to know what kind of socks you want.   got to go, dad.  something important has come up.  numbuh 5, moon base on screen.   numbuh 1, get your lazy butt up to the moon base right now.   sorry, numbuh 86, no time for another one of your silly icecream deliveries.  i've got a real emergency to deal with.  .  i am giving you a direct order  numbuh 2, get us back to the museum now.  numbuh 4, ready the weapons.  numbuh 5, i want a full tactical readout yesterday.  and, numbuh 3, tell my girlfriend cotton.  these wool socks are too itchy.   that boy hung up on me.   we don't have time for this.  hail sectors "p," "d," and "q" instead on the double.  we need all the help we can get.    old stickybeard hears there's blurpleberry ice cream in that base.  who wants some, lads.   well.  still eating chef boyardee, ain't you, lizzy bear.  it's liz.  let me ask you a question.  does ravioli protect you from monsters.  no. cuz it was my job.  then you got too grown up for a nightlight.  but not the saucy ravioli.i don't understand.  what's the problem.  this is getting weird.  weird. you want weird.  i heard you talking in your sleep.  and that's some messed up stuff.  we gonna talk about boys, or what.  chef boyardee big beef ravioli.  the saucy, meaty tasteyou never outgrow.   sing polly wolly doodle all the day   . hah   wj3>r7/vowc  brusha, brusha, brusha.  ha ha ha ha.   good thing the superchair had clean undies on today, mr. wink.   most fortunate indeed, mr. fibb.   now, childrens, prepare to feel the wrath of count spankulot.    ooh. ow. ow. ow. ow.   hey, spankaholic, time to teach you the australian word for ouch.   ridiculousness.  and those who fail to realize that the australian word for "ouch" would still be ouch will be is that a kkangaroo.  yaahhh.   that's how you say ouch in australian.   help.   come back, you skinny boy.  gramma stuffum isn't done feeding you yet.   aah.  all right, bring on the next course.   such a steely appetite.  maybe you like better gramma stuffum's chef surprise.  impossible.  no one can eat that much refried platypus intestine.  .   no, this kitty's the most huggable.  oh, no no, wait.  this kitty's the most huggable.  oh, no, no, no, wait, wait, wait.  this kitty's definitely the most  they're supposed to strike terror in your soul.   oh, okay.  aaahhhh.  no, this kitty's the most huggable.   looks like i finally get to try out my new move guaranteed to take out four enemies in one shot.   retreat.  move it.  let's go, let's go.  back to the convention center.   aw.  i wanted to try my new move.   yeah, that's right.  go back to your convention center.   oh, it's so cool to be finally saved by the illustrious " you know, i have all kinds of sector "v" stuff numbuh 5's blurpleberry supreme, numbuh 4's report that sickened the werepoodle.  oh.  i've even got the original rainbow monkey underwear numbuh 1 wore when the delightful children tried to blackmail him with a butt photo.   what did i say about sneaking into my room and stealing my stuff, matt.   i've just got to get your autographs.  i mean, i obviously have all your autographs already, but not in red.  be right back.   numbuh 5 say we split before fan boy finds a crayon.   no, no, let's get out of here.   we're out of here.    waahhh.  we can't hold out much longer.   that's okay.  i don't need much time to whup these pirates back to candyland.  all i need is a situation report.  .  our situation is watching the moon base get blasted to bits because you took your sweet time getting here.   the cottoncandy factory's on overload.  all decommissioning chambers except for chamber three are destroyed.  and the videogame room is out of tokens.   do we still have pretzelmaking capabilities.   yeah, but i don't see what difference  end transmission.  it's time to put the "irate" back in pirate, people.  on my mark, numbuh 2.  engage.  ..  ...shabby camper actually makes perfect emergency rescue shuttle, obviously overwhelmingly providing really excellently massive extras.   whoohoo.   darr.  'tis me nougaty nemesises " hard to starboard.  and load more gum balls.   target lock acquired.   autodestruct engaged.   ready to blow my nose.   this will take perfect aim and timing, old friend.  you sure you can do it.   nope.    wait a minute.  ..  ..  .  all ships converge on the sweet victory.  and blast those lousy landlubbers out of the sky now.   autodestruct engaged.   stop them.  blast them.  oh, sour balls.   now.   huh.    now that idiot's heading ..   my moon base.  ..w...9...   numbuh 3, blow your nose.   ha ha.   there. there.   i see it.   autodestruct engag  out. everybody out.   autodestruct final countdown.  ..19...   special delivery from numbuh 1, you salty, old pirate.   we're saved, me hearties.  break out the chocolate dip.  huh.  ..2...1.  byebye.    i'm salty.  get it off.  get it off.   i can't taste me hand.  retreat.  all salty.  no longer sweet.   man, numbuh 1, i'm glad i'll never have to fight you.  you're crazy.   nigel uno, i have one thing to say to you.  .  what makes you think you can ignore a direct order.   i had to save theuseum.  it contains all known artifacts of numbuh zero.   it was a diversion, baldy.  for the first time ever, some supervillain managed to coordinate all our sworn enemies to attack us simultaneously.  as supreme commander, it is my job to decide what the villains' true objective is so we can counterattack as a team.  you can't just decide what the battle priorities are by yourself.   my team saved the museum and the moon base.  even if it was a diversion, the museum is always a priority.  it's a shrine to numbuh zero.  it's an inspiration for kids worldwide an inspiration for me.    beautiful.   ugh.  that's the attitude i'm talking about.  in the middle of a battle, we don't need dreamers who only care about madeup heroes like numbuh zero.  you're a brave kid, nigel, but you only saved us by being reckless and lucky.  luck is like ice cream.  it can't last forever.  i was going to offer you the position of global tactical officer, but i won't take a chance on a boy who flies off the handle before he listens.  so i'm giving the post to numbuh 86.   yes.  in your face, boy.  yeeha.    incoming message on priority emergency frequency.   this is numbuh 101.  do you read me.   hello.  this is the new global tactical officer, numbuh 86.  what is the nature of your emergency.   oh, numbuh 1 and his team left before i could get their autographs.  i mean, obviously, i've already got their autographs, but not in red.  .   well, yeah.  i mean, autographs are so much more important than some missing recommissioning module.   huh.   i mean, i don'now why a bad guy would bother stealing it.  the thing's damaged beyond repair, right.   right beyond repair.    excuse us, numbuh 86, but is there something you'd like to say.   fanny.   um, the module is operational.  i used it to recommission sector "v" after the incident with numbuh 274.  i mean, chad turning traitor.  i thought it would be safer if nobody knew.  so i sent it back to the museum.   with a working recommissioning module, a villain could restore the memories of any former kids next door operatives, even if they're adults.   adults who would know all our secrets.   then the moonbase attack was a diversion, and who's ever ..  the convention center.   no, wait, numbuh 1.  it's too dangerous.  what's so wrong about coming up with a plan.    my fellow adults, thank you all for joining me today.  first off, i'd like to thank gramma stuffum for not providing the catering at the supervillains' convention.  and i want to thank each and every villainous one of you for today's attacks on the hated kids next door.   seriously, guys, good hustle out there.   father.  i should have known.   today, i shall release upon those brats the world's most ultimate evil.  what, you ask, can be more evil than me, father.   ooh. ooh.  me, me.  pick me.  is it someone who won't flush after he uses the toilet.   don't be so very ridiculous, toilenator.  it is surely glove manufacturers.   maybe it's dogs.  dogs are evil.   ha.  hey, tv executives, huh.   first off, that was a rhetorical question.  everybody, if you would  old magazines at the doctor's office.  .  you're all wrong.  the one evil that is greater ..  grandfather.   what.  is it time for weewees already.   the guy who doesn't flush is scarier than this geezer.   that's because i haven't used the kids next door recommissioning module on him yet.  this man this hunchified, liverspotted creature with hair growing out of his ears was once the supreme power in the world until he was defeated by a misguided boy and his stupid book, a boy who wiped grandfather's memories clean and evaporated his powers before my eyes.  but now i, his son, will restore his evil abilities, and together we shall return the world's snotty brats to their rightful place.   not while nigel uno is around.   numbuh 1, don't do it.   it's my fault father got his hands on the module.  so it's my job to stop him.   wait.   and furthermore oh, look.  it's numbuh 1 right on schedule.   actually, the schedule says we've got a coffee break after your announcements.   the only one taking a break today is little "nigey" from playing tree house with my little sister.   i'll show her who  aah.   long time no see, k.n. dorks.   chad.  what are you doing here, traitor.   just playing on the winning team.   poor, predictable nigel uno.  i knew you'd try to retrieve the device, even if it wasn't operational.  .   oh, didn't you hear.  the recommissioning device is useless without an active kids next door operative's genetic material inside it.  and it looks like i couldn't have picked a better operative.  you have handed me the utter destruction of the kids next door.  how much sweeter the victory knowing it's all your fault.  so, shall we begin.    aah. aaahhh.   thank you, son.  thank you for reawakening the pure evil that laid dormant within me for these many years.  ..   dad.   and now get out of my sight.  ..excuse me.   you've only reawakened me because you can't destroy those irksome kids next door by yourself.   but  nacch.  why do i even bother.  i always liked his older brother more anyway, even if he did destroy my powers.  kids what can you do.  what.  are you still here.  beat it.  i've got business with real villains.   dumb, old recommissioning module.  i had to put my finger up numbuh 1's nose for this, .   my fellow villains, revengefully, i make this solemn pledge.  this time i will not let a child get the better of me.  never again shalungsters interrupt my tranquility with their running around and their loud music and their "can i have a nickel.  " no, for this time i shall transform each and every snotnosed brat on this planet into ancient, "agefied," senior citizombies before i force them to produce bowl after bowl of sweet, delicious tapiocaor me.   yay.  now, that is what i've been talking about.   except the tapioca part.  that's kind of weird.   and, to ensure my total tranquility, i shall "ageify" everyone who has ever been a kid.   genius.  sheer wait a second.  i used to be a kid.   me too.   we've been doublecrossed.   how observant.   uh, may i be excused.  i've, uh, got some quiche in the oven i've got to aah.  hhhhelp.   ..is he...     sorry.  it's my lumbago.   ew.  and i thought the toilenator was soggylooking before.  run for your    no.  stop, please.  this isn't what was supposed to happen  no need to panic.  no need to panic.  no need to panic.      they're getting all "wrinklefied" and stuff.  i'm outta here.   aah.   got to help numbuh 1.  hey, cree, how's about a little .   aah.  ooh.   hey, what are you aahaah.   numbuh 1, come on.  we got to get out of here.   this is all my fault.  i shouldn't have come.   that's no way to talk.  we need you.   for what.  to get us in more trouble.   whoa.  yaah.    hey, look.  it's cree.   uh, guys, i'll hold off cree.  you get back to the moon base now.   we can't leave you.   yes, you can before it's too late.  .   shall we transform your bratty exfriends.   age before beauty, sis.   yaah.   go forth, my minions.  decimate those meddlesome kids next door.  once they're agefied and making me oceans of tapioca, i shall be refueled enough to find their " and tear it to shreds, forever ending anyone's hope of being a child again.    hey, buddy, you done in here or what.  we got a bingo game booked in five minutes.   oh, i'm sorry.   bingo.  i got bingo.  bingo.  ..i'm no numbuh zero.  1111111111  twothirds of our treehouse bases have been transformed into tapioca factories in the last hour alone.  at this rate  we'll lose another 42 thirds within "eleventeen" minutes, leaving only one dollar and seven operatives left in 68 quarters of the world.   maybe i can recalibrate our agedefying birthday suits to counter grandfather's agebased powers.   what kind of equipment would you need, numbuh 2.   i've got an "ageatonic" frequency modulatorabob back athe tree house.  .  that tree house will be a tapioca factory before you can even get there.   we'll go.  i need to pick up my "braveinthefaceofcertaindoom" rainbow monkey anyways.   are you sure you need this doohickey, numbuh 2.   it's the only way.   all right, i'm in.   all right, then.  numbuhs 3 and 4, take a shuttle down to the surface and retrieve numbuh 2's 2x4 technology.  numbuh 86, order all operatives from the arctic training base to form a perimeter around sector " maybe they can buy us some time.   we don't need time.  we need a hero.   some hero i am.  i've ruined everything.  i don't deserve to wear these glasses.  huh.   the recommissioning module.  its power source is numbuh zero's booger.  you have his dna.  you can track down the greatest hero the kids next door have ever known and recommission him.  you can save the world.    what are you doing, matt.   um, well, i never got your autograph in red.   jeez.  you are such a fan boy.  there.  now, if you don't mind, i have an appointment with a hero.   don't forget the k.n.d.n.a.  tracker.   um, right, then.  wish me luck.   wow.  finally, i've got numbuh 1's autograph in hey.  you're not george washington.  oh, i hate when you guys do stuff like that.  it ruins the whole autograph book.  i mean, seriously.   it's awful quiet in here.   yeah, "three" quiet.   three quiet.  what the crud is that supposed .   it's one more than "two" quiet.   i had to ask.  just climb the ladder.      oh, man, my mom made this cape special.   why are you sneaking around here, tommy.   duh.  i'm saving the day.  i figured with the kids next door turned into senior citizombies and all, my brother hoagie and you guys might need some help for the tommy is a hero cloaked in a cloak of terry cloth.  .   ah.  what's your plan "borify" all the bad guys to death.   ha ha.  that was so funny i forgot to laugh.   well, why don't you laugh now.  i mean, if you forgot and all.   you were saying.   i can help.  i can do battle with superbadguytype villains like  me.   yeah, like that totally old, wrinkly, gross toilenator behind me.  i can battle him while you guys do your mission.  ..save...  ..oh, boy.   yaahhh.  .     we should, uh, get numbuh 2's stuff and get out of here.  ..  aw, great.  he never told us what his cruddy ageatonic thing looks like.   oh, i wish numbuh 5 was here.    well, i'm here, all right.  ..you better start using some moisturizer or something.  here, try my rainbow monkey soft skin.   listen, numbuh 5, i don't want to fight you.   of course you don't.  'cause you're the weakest, shortest, dumbest, most chicken, bigmouth squirt on the entire team.   okay, now i want to fight you.   oh.  crud.   ha.    wally.   kuki.   hamsters.   what.   aah.   come on.   lousy, miserable fur balls.   oh.   come on, kuki.  kuki, i'm scared.  ii don't know what to do next.   k no way.  oh, no, no, no, no.  nuhuh.  nope. no way.  unhunh.  no way ain't gonna hapokay.   pucker up.   yaahhhh.    the signal's getting stronger.  numbuh zero's got to be close by.  right behind this door.  ..  this is my house.   son, what are you doing home so soon.  i thought you'd be playing with your kids next door or whatever it is.  what is it you children say.  well, never mind.   has to be a malfunction.  um, dad, is there anyone else in the house.  you know, anyone cool and heroic and stuff.   oh, no, no.  no, your mother's getting all gussied up at the beauty parlor.  so it's just you and me, old bean.   uh, dad, does the phrase "numbuh zero" mean anything to you.   ooh, i know.  this is some sort of word game, isn't it.  don't tell me.  don't tell me.  .. i give up.  maybe he knows.    aahhh.   whaaa.  no.   i say, nigel, you know that is terribly impolite.  that man is a guest.   i'll flush you for that.  oh.   llisten, dad.  that guy he just,h, he came over to play tag, and whatever you do, we can't let him tag you, okay.   well, jolly good.  i love these qualitytime activities.   raahhh.       come back here, nigel uno.   oh, hello.  jolly fun game, what.   here it is.  very airy cannon delivers oscillating oath massively.      joaquin.  out of my way, you 100yearold hamster.  ..hamsters.   and now enter the tommy.   sorry about that.  i went from 7 to 65 in a few seconds.   looks like it's time to clean house.   hey.  don't point that thing at  biscuits to the wind.  is that a new vacuum.  why, your mother would be absolutely thrilled.  ..  game's back on, dad.  run.   nigel, did i ju see mic back there.   no, dad, just keep running.   well, i'll be.  you cleaned your room, nigel.   yeah, dad, first time for everything.  let's go.  hang on.   escape pod activated.   yes.  we're gonna make it out of here.   malfunction, malfunction.  ..   say, old bean, what should we play next.   aahhh.   i did see a mouse back there.   they're hamsters, dad, and they're not playing.   all right, then.  how about a little crossword puzzle.   dad, will you just shut up so i can figure out how to save .  .   oh, ii'm sorry.  i only wanted to have some fun with you, son.  oh.   i'm sorry, dad.  i didn't mean to yell at you like that.  it's just that we're dad.  dad.   i'm looking insurance.  don't want to deal with a lot of flibbityflab or mumbojumbo.  sounds like you need to name your price.  no gobbledygook.  never.  do i still get all the dagnabbit coverage i need.  we give you a quote and you can adjust your price up and down to find something that works for you.    this thing is okeymcsmokey skiddlydoo.  great.  i think.  diggity.  oh.  still not sure.  the "name your price" tool.  only from progressive.  call or click today.   there's too many of them.   numbuh 3, numbuh 4, do you read me.  did you find the ageatonic frequency modulatorabob.   we found something even better each other.   whoa.  end transmission, please.  numbuh 2, you're going to have to remodulate those birthday suits without your ageatonic thing.  "  numbuh 60 reporting for duty.   oops.  i wet them.   make it work.  fanny, you guard numbuh 2.   but what about you, sir.   i'm going to throw numbuh 60 a retirement party.  raah.   ooh.  uh, hold on.  oh, no.   get off of me.  let me go.      whaaaa.  whoawhoawhoawhoawhoa.   ..where am i.  huh.  ..i don't believe it.  i've run, like, "eleventy" billion scans on this tree and never found even a hint of this place.   oh, there you are, nigel, old bean.  looks like our house has an extra walkin closet, eh.   yeah.  dad, could i ask you a favor.   now, son, i've already given you this week's allowance, but  no, it's not that.  i'm going to try something called "recommissioning" on you.  if it works, you're going to help me save the world.   oh, well, that.  if it were to make you happy, son, let's give it a try.    aah.    dad.   man, oh, man, i've got a hankering for some blurpleberry ice cream, closest thing to the fourth flavor i've ever tasted.   dad, you are numbuh zero.  oh, my gosh.  i can't believe it.  oh, i can't wait to tell everyone.  they'll be like, "you're the " and i'll be like, "yeah, i am, " and we can go on missions together and battle evil adults.  my own dad is really numbuh zero.   of course i'm numbuh zero, nigel.  where do you think you got all of your skills.     so, what's the situation, son.  probably pretty dire if you've recommissioned my memories and located the original ultra topsecret treasure chamber of coolness.   this is the tree house of coolness.   home to the one and only " have a look for yourself.   wow.  this is the coolest, most amazing thing in the world to happen to me ever.   still got some room on my page, and yours is empty.  let's make sure we fill them with real crackerjack stories, eh.   sure, dai mean numbuh zero.   right, then.  situation report, numbuh 1.   our archenemy father had the kids next door recommissioning module you built stolen and used it on a totally powerful guy called grandfather, who's transforming everyone into really old and evil senior citizombies, sir.  ..looks grim.  excellent.  but we will need some help to whup this.   help.  but you're numbuh zero.  you don't need help.   say, you don't think i defeated grandfather all by myself, do you.  i'm only as good as my team.   then, we're doomed.  almost every operative on the planet has been senior citizombified.   who said anything about getting help from the kids next door.   hurry up with that device, will you.   hey, this wouldn't be easy even if i had the right tools.   typical boy always an excuse for everything.   you're no picnic yourself, numbuh 86.  you really need to lighten up.  try yoga or something.  hold it.  ..oh, i think i yeah.  i've got it.  huh. sort of.  now to get to work on the others.  ..  for your destruction.   yaha.    you're about to become as old as one of your jokes.   not bad, numbuh 86, but i would have said, "talk to the hand, but talk loudly, 'cause " no, wait, wait.  that's not very funny.  okay, okay, wait.  how's about aah.  i'm too young to be old.  aahhh.   the kids next door is destroyed.  the moon base is yours, grandfather.   .  now is not the time to celebrate.   but you defeated those bratty kids next door.   the world's villains are under your control.   and you have all the tapioca you can eat.   yes, yes, but now i must ensure that my rule is permanent by destroying that " because when kids read it, they discover the only thing more powerful than me.   a really big guy who can punch super hard.   an army of robot gorillas that bite.  ..pie.   no, you fools.  hope.  when my son discovered that book, he became filled with a kind of hope that only snotnosed kids are stupid enough to believe in.  that is why this time i shall personally destroy every trace " and anyone that stands in my way.   come on.    oh, happy day.  it's you.  well, come on in, i guess.   are you crazy, dad.  i know you've been away and all, but that's our worst enemy.   try listening to what's going on, numbuh 1.  you might just learn something.   excuse the mess, like i give a doodoo anymore.   why don't you take off that ridiculous outfit.   what, this.  it matches my eyes.  ..  this.   aahow.   say "uncle," son.   but we haven't lost yet.   and you're supposed to be the smart one.  i'm your dad's brother, benedict your uncle.  ..my...my uncle.   yeah, you know, the one who wouldn't join him after he found " blah, blah, blah, yadda, yadda.   but if you're my uncle, then that makes grandfather my grandfather.   what are you, president of the obvious club or something.   that's enough.  all right, ben, you know what it's like when pappy controls the world.  this is a second chance your chance to do the right thing.  now, i've got a plan, but we need the help of you and your socalled children.   together:  how .    no.  we have to help them.   but, father, that's our archenemy, nigel uno  silence.  it's my fault for reawakening grandfather.  fine.  he's evil, which i admire, but he's also a jerk.  i thought he'd at least share control of the world with me, but noooo.  if he succeeds, i'll be nothing, which means you'll be nothing.  now, i think you like being feared by your peers, right.   yes, father.   good.  then we help uncle monty.   yes, father.  right after we blast these k.n. doofuses.  huh.   blast this.    the members of sector "z" thank you.   the missing members of sector " the delightful children from down the lane are the missing kids next door members of sector " ddad, the delightful children from down the lane are the "  how did you know.   come on, ben.  five kids with that kind of tactical genius and strategy.  had to be exkids next door that you "deligthfulized" until something went terribly wrong.   you mean something went terribly right.  my first "delightfulization" chamber blew a fuse, increasing its power eleventybillion fold.  i lost the machine but gained five perfect, delightful children.   but we thought the effects were permanent.   they are.  i have no idea how long this transformation will last.  you could revert back at any time.  i'm sorry.   so let's use the time we have.  i want to do something good before i have to wear those dorky outfits again.   what's the plan.   grandfather's coming here.   how do you know.  "  so, hide it again.  that worked last time.   that's because he didn't know it existed.  but now he won't quit until he's sure he's eliminated the book.   but there's no way on earth we can stop him.   you're right not on earth.    that book is close.  i can smell it.  typical benedict running whenever there's trouble.   i don't know, monty.  maybe i should have been on that ship.  pappy's gonna be awfully sore.   nonsense, ben.  we can do this together, like we should have done all those years ago.    well, well, well, if it isn't my two boys.  it's so good to see you.  one of you, anyway.   oh, pappy, that's not fair.   ha.  who ever accused me of being fair.  oh, monty, if you would only have been more evil.  you could have been nasty or even mildly unpleasant.   what about me.  i'm in this family, too, and i'm pretty evil.  i reek of evil.   why don't you give it a rest.  now, monty, i'm only thinking of our heritage.  .  now you've made me angry very, very, very ah, forget it.  you can wrestle with pappy yourself, monty.  i'm going to get some rocky road.    i'm getting tired of all this resistance, son.  why don't you behave for once in your life.  now go fetch your pappy that book.   i am not moving from this spot.   you know what i did wrong last time.  i gave you a choice between going to your room or being punished.  i won't give you that choice again.   all right, with sector "z" holding off the senior citizombies, that'll leave me with just enough time to   welcome, numbuh 1, as in one sorry son of a gun now that we're about to transform you into one of us.   oh.  even as a senior citizombie, his lines still stink.   enough talk.  let's "destroyinate" him.   uh, i wanted to try my new move to take out four enemies at once, but not on you guys.   tough.   think about what you're doing.  you were the one that got me into the k.n.d.  wally.  who saved you from those bullies on your first day of school.  ..  as old as me.  ow.  ..   hoagie, you've been my best friend since kindergarten.   get over it.   how about i get under it.   aah.    ..it's no good.  ..i can't fight all of you alone.  i've always had a team to back me up.   well, then, it's a good thing we're on your team now, huh.  ..  delightful.     got to get this show on the road.   targeting initialized.  input 5,000digit coordinate code now.   just a little more.    ..  catch.   ooh, my liver spot.  ..ooh.   thanks, david.  i don't know what i'd do without you guys.   well, you might want to figure that out, because we're transforming back.  .   aahhh.   the kids next door how we miss them.   .  ..yeah.   malfunction, malfunction.   your resistance is impressive, but pointless.  you cannot withstand my senior citizombification forever.  even you, my son, are zero compared to me.   that may be, but my son is numbuh 1.   next stop way down the lane.   aah.  " i'll miss you.   a lot more than i'll miss your delightful side, that's for sure.   targeting system destroyed.  targeting system destroyed.  ..   looks like i got to do it the hard way.  ..  activated.   oh, no, i can't work all of these bikes alone.  then, again, maybe i don't have to.   must resist.   must remain right here.   kids next door, battle stations.   nice work on the birthday suits, numbuh 2, even if they haven't completely changed you back yet.   just doing my part for the team.   this next part will take perfect aim and timing, old friend.  sure you can do it.   nope.   ah.  ow.   sorry.  the lower half of my body is still evil.   just steer the moon already.   target coming into range.   i need more power if we're gonna fire this thing.   pour it on.   hey, numbuh 5, so what kind missile are we firing at the earth.   there aren't any missiles left, numbuh 4.  ..steady...   no missiles.  then, what the crud are we firing.   us.  .  you got to be kidding.  ..fire now.   naaahhh.   hang on to your underwear.   how can you resist me for so .   simple, dad.  that book you're looking for it's in my back pocket.   you have the book.  give it to me.  give me, give me.  at last, my victory is complete.  with the destruction of the book, i will rule the earth unchallenged, and nothing will ever stop me ever again.  ..  a "gihugic," flaming moon base.   i hate everyone.   great job, team.  enough with the kicking already.      monty, monty, monty, did you honestly believe that a mere 39 "gazillion" tons of redhot metal and duct tape would crush me.   wasn't trying to crush you, pappy.  i just wanted to see what would happen when you put an adult into a decommissioning chamber.     now, nigel.   you're out of my will, you brat.  aah.  is this the cafeteria.  it's mushy bean night, you know.   oh, hello, pappy.  i didn't know you were coming for a visit.  i wish i would have had a chance to tidy up.   you were right.  if you'd listened to me, we'd all be making tapioca right now.  you believed in numbuh zero and saved not only the kids next door, but the world.  not to mention, you found out numbuh zero was totally your dad.   i know, right.  but you know what.  it was you that was right.  i put myself before the team.  but i couldn't have saved the world without them.   i can make it up to you by giving you numbuh 86's promotion.   ah, let her keep it.  i'd rather be with my friends in sector "v" anyway.   i understand.   now, if you'll excuse me, i've got one last teammate to find.  okay, numbuh zero, let's recommission you again.  no.  not now.  you can't break now.   hello, son.   dad.   if you're watching this, then we've won.  congratulations.  you're probably wondering why the recommissioning module is broken.  well, i broke it.  i had a hunch you might want to use it to get numbuh zero back.  well, look.  i would love to have tons more adventures with the supercool numbuh 1 and his team.  but i'm just not a kid anymore.  i'm an adult, and i need to complete the most important mission of my life being a good father to my son.  so, you're the keeper of the book now, nigel.  that's right.  keep a stiff upper lip and make sure everyone gets to write their own crackerjack story.  i say, what's going on around here, old bean.  you kids building one of your 2x4 technobob thingies.   no, dad.  i was just playing with an old friend.  there is a story some kids tell of not so long ago, when the world was almost ruled by an evil adult a story about a boy, his dad, a book, and a tree.  it's the true story of how i " and what i wrote in it.  five words only we are kids next door.    you must go back in time, eliminate billy and mandy, and act as their replacements until further instructions are given.  they are not to reach horror's hand before the lord of horror.  now go.     remember back then, yo, when we were young and innocent.   we need to get through that vortex, irwin.  maybe we can make things right again the way they were before horror's hand.    a minotaur's my butler a cyclops my valet a centaur drives my chariot that takes me down the way a river made of fire through a street that's paved with bones i got a dozen zombie skeletons to walk me to my throne in the land of the dead hector, ain't it grand.  i'm overlord of the underworld 'cause i hold horror's hand in the land of the dead dark side royalty i'm faring out in the underground and you can't take that from me    whoa     whoa     whoa     whoa     whoa     whoa    ow, ow, ow, ow, ow.    cerberus' my lapdog he's loyal as can be my bed is made of skulls i'm in the lap of luxury i got dragon's blood to sooth me gorgons think he's cool and 7headed hydra living in the land of the dead hector, ain't it grand.  i'm the overlord of the underworld 'cause i hold horror's hand in the land of the dead i'm dark side royalty i'm faring out in the underground and can't take that away from me no, you can't take that from me    yes.   rats.   aw, man.   i was so busy watching the opening credits that i forgot to follow those robots into the past through that pulsating time travel vortex.   hey, yo, don't worry.  remember you drew up that schematic for a time travel machine last night.  we can just me travel portal, go back through, and save ourselves from this terrible future caused by horror's hand.   that's right.  get to work on it right away.   uh, billy, that's a drawing of cops fighting dinosaurs.   what.  they should be working together.  we'll just have to wait and hope that ourselves in the past figure out how to stop the tragic sequence of events that led up to this awful future.   but doesn't the fact that we're here mean that we don't.   i don't know.  time travel is so confusing.  besidee really so bad.  hmm.  hmm.  hmm.  i mean, aside from all of humanity being enslaved by the lord of horror.   morning, death.   oh, this is my favorite part of the job.  reginald skarr, i have come for thee.   oh, that's great.  can you fix the antenna.  my one day off and shark week's coming in all fuzzy.   no.  reginald skarr, i have come for )