 call or click today.   slumber surprise rainbow monkey, where are you.  fair weather friend rainbow monkey.  where are you guys.   you don't think they were kidnapped, do you super sleuth rainbow monkey.  who would do such a thing.   grrrrrrr.   so, you do like me, too.  well, why didn't you say it before.  oh, you know how i feel.  i think you're really, really  numbuh 4.  what have you done with my .   you think i took your stupid .  why would i take something i hate.   because you're jealous.  you could never spread love you could never be so full of hugs and joy.  ..float up and away.   aah. hang on, sweetie.  mommy's coming.   numbuh 3, wait.   aah.  uhoh.   hold on, numbuh 3.     aah.  eek.  oh, no.  rainbowww monkeyyy.   kids next door r superpowered accelerated cruiser, excellent and reaches colossal heights and speedily enhances rescues.   get my rainbow monkey.   numbuh 5's not sure we can.  it's traveling at warp factor fast.   then go faster.  faster, faster, faster, faster.  fasterer.   i'll give it all she's got.  almost there.   numbuh 4, prepare for clampification.   clamps powered up.    target locked.   one rainbow monkey coming up.     power at 20%.  and 5%.  d'oh.  well, start quacking everybody 'cause we are sittin' ducks.    the rainbow monkeys shall play with children no more.  leave now or suffer the wrath of ramon 4.   well, that's that.  i guess we better go home.   we can't.  we have to get my rainbow monkey back.   i don't know.  that ramon guy sounded pretty persuasive.   listen, numbuh 3, we have no power.  how are we supposed to find a rainbow monkey in the vastness of space.   i can follow their scent.   how.  there ain't no air in space.   i don't smell rainbow monkeys with my nose.  i smell them with my heart.   ugh.  look, how much do these rainbow cruds cost anyway.  if we each chipped in about 5 and 6/3 dollars, we could get a new    ugh.  numbuh 1, will you please talk .   hmm.  each of us took a vow to protect kids everywhere from tyranny, regardless of the risks.  no one's going to steal a little girl's doll while the kids next door can stop it.  .   all: sir, yes, sir.   then let's go get ourselves a rainbow monkey.  ..  five rainbow monkeys, actually.  there was slumber surprise rainbow monkey, and tea party tickle rainbow monkey, and fair weather friend  whatever.  numbuh 2, engage the emergency propulsion system.   aye, aye, captain.   kids next door, charge.    we're near.   location, numbuh 2.   looks like saturn, and i think you guys might want to take a look atthis.   saturn's rings.   they're rainbow monkeys.   but what are they doing so far away from anyone who can love them.   i say we get numbuh 3's dolls and get out of here a.s.a.now.   agreed.  numbuh 3, where are they.    there.  under the mooshy mountain of love rainbow monkey.   okay, numbuh 3 and i will lead an away team.  numbuhs 2, 4, and 5, stay on your pedals.  i want to get out of here as soon as we can.  so kids next door battle stations.  away team, deploy.  ..plush.    la lala la    lalala la la    lala la la la   okay. i got 'em.   good, now let's get out of aah.   numbuh 1.  i need full pedal power now.    whoa.   numbuh 2, they're everywhere.   keep pedaling.   the hull can't take much more of this.  whaaaa.  rainbow monkeys weren't made for this.    ha ha ha ha, foolish girl.  but now ye have rainbow monkeys.  .   hello.  hello.  what is this place.  are you ramon 4.    that is my now name.  ramon 4 has rejected its birth designation.   huh.  "rainbow monkey 4ever".  i've never heard of that model.   no one has.  ramon 4 was rejected by my very makers.  behold.  i was created many, many years ago at the rainbow monkey research laboratories where the greatest american scientists toiled in total secrecy.  their mandate create the perfect rainbow monkey before the russians did, the socalled "rainbow monkey " a doll with a limitless energy reserve to play all day.  a doll with feelings like a real child.  a rainbow monkey with a mind.  the scientists toiled for many years to create a rainbow monkey in their own image.  unfortunately, they succeeded.  when it came time to be tested, the scientists discovered i was unlovable.  unlovable.  unlovable.  embarrassed, the scientists tried to hide their mistake.  ..1...liftoff.  we have liftoff.  our stupid, dumb mistake is off for deep space.   banished to drift endlessly in the dark void of space for all time.  as i traveled further and further, my sadness and anger grew, as did my power.  having gained my full potential, i began taking children's rainbow monkeys.  for if no child could love me, then no rainbow monkey would be loved.  .  oh, you poor, poor thing.   you would hug a monster like me.   of course, silly.  it doesn't matter what you look like on the outside, as long as you were manufactured by an official licensee of the rainbow monkey corporation, i love you for the rainbow monkey inside.   ii didn't even know i had tears of joy functionality.    rainbow monkeys, rainbow monkeys    oh, so very round and super chunky    bringing love wherever we go    ugh.  and if trying to kill us wasn't bad enough, now they're singing their cruddy song.    rainbow monkeys, rainbow monkeys    we love you    huh. oh, thanks.   i have released your friends.  thank you.   no, thankyou.  i hope you feel better now.   ha ha, i feel loved and happy because i know that you will stay with me forever.   what are you, nuts.   hey, you can't blame a guy for trying.   well, that's enough rainbowmonkey fun for one day.  come on, guys.  we've got a lot of pedaling to do.   hey. the power's back on.   ramon did it.  thank ramon, everybody.   all: thank you, ramon.   numbuh 2, get us out of here.   roger that.    thank you, kuki sanban.  i have fulfilled my purpose.  i have been loved.   oh, great.  now it's raining rainbow monkeys.  well, i hope you're happy now.   i am.  and so is ramon.    rainbow monkeys, rainbow monkeys    oh, so very round and super chunky   ght.  i think i'm gong] .  yeah.  ] goooooo.  and the land is becomi it's the greedy witch doctor'sfruity fortune.   whoa.  colorific.  give me back my scrumptious froot loops cereal...  or i'll use my magic sprinkles on you.  ... huh.... huh....   tickle, tickle.  ..  ..eee...ahhh...  he spilled his sprinkles.  look atthe froot loops now.   kellogg'sfroot loops with sprinkles.  ..but not for long.  just follow your nose.   for the fruity taste that shows.  captions by vitacwww.vitac.com captions paid for bycartoon network  mmmmm.  what a fantastic dinner with the chicken and the stuffing and the potatoes and oh, you know what i'm talking about, glazed carrots and bacon.    ah, merci, mon cher.  i'm just so happy to be avec zee whole family ensemble to enjoy le chouchou and le fromage.    you said it.  and it's wonderful to see my daughters so friendly again with the smiling and the laughing and the being best of friends, a dabba ja gibby de zang.   together: thanks, dad.   say, you know what would hit the spot.  some nice hot chocolate with the fresh marshmallows.   i'll  i'll get 'em.     ha ha ha, you're so funny.  oh, yeah, i'm gonna be the one laughing, stupid older sister.  all right, then.  fresh marshmallows coming right )