 ng ]  boo. you can't be leader.  rule number 60buthousand clearly states that only a kids next door operative can be supreme leader.    oh, really.  what an oversight on my part.  i guess i'll just go pack up and wait a second.  iama kids nexor operative.  uh, steve, could you roll the tape, please.   how father became a ..  not long ago, father had a delightfully evil plan to turn all kids next door operatives into animals using the dna stored in their code module.  but this plan was foiled by one tommy gilligan, who stuck his finger up father's nose and placed his booger into the code module, thereby turning the tables and transforming father himself into a dirty, smelly animal.   way to go, tommy.  that'smylittle brother.   but by placing the booger into the code module, father was made an official kids next door operative.  ..brotherinlaw.   so, you see, i am a kids next door operative.   well, you're not gonna be one for long.  you're still way over the age of 13 and therefore scheduled for immediate decommissioning.   no need to become hostile.  as the leader, i get to make the rules, right.  so new rule.  you can't decommission your supreme leader.   wrong answer.   no. he's right.  the leadercanmake up the rules though a real leader wouldn't stoop to changing our traditions.   but but but  no buts, fanny.  as kids next door operatives, we go by the rules.    listen, kids.  i know we've had our minor differences in the past, but by making me your supreme leader, you have opened my eyes.  for once, i want to do something good for kids.   like what.  turn us all into singlecell cytoplasmic bicuspid invertebrates.   no, but that is very creative.  no, i propose that together we eradicate every last sprig of broccoli on earth.   come on. nobody likes broccoli.  we adults just make you kids eat it so we don't haveo.   he's got a point.   but together we can change all that.  tomorrow, using your numbers and my adult tactical genius, we shall destroy the broccoli farms and put an end to the cursed vegetable forever.   now, everyone, get back to your tree houses and get a good night's rest for tomorrow's mission.  kids next door, battle stations.   woohoo. no more broccoli.  i like this new leader alrdy.   oh, please, fool.  father would just as soon grind kids into coffee and drink them than offer them help.   precisely, numbuh 5.  i don't trust father for a second.  but rules are rules, so you guys head back to the tree house and get ready for whatever he's planning.   aren't you coming with us, numbuh 1.   i'll catch up right after i check up on someone.  shouldn't you be at your tree house, numbuh 362.    no.  i don't think i can show my face around the kids next door anymore.  i really screwed up.  i'm a terrible leader.   you were a great leader.  but i don't think your successor intends to be.   together:  father, what do you mean you're going to do something good for kids.   kids next door central root core.    when i said i was gonna do something good for kids, i meant it.  and you know what's good for kids.  broccoli.  and with my patentpending broccoli virus uploaded into the treehouse root system, i'll create enough broccoli to feed every kid in the world.  and the only way to eradicate it is by eating it.  whaaahaahaahaahaahaa.   let's get out of here, eh.    whoa.  nasty, eh.   oh, my goodness, gracious.  i fear broccoli.   nyet. ughuhuhuh. broccoli.   ugh. 7's energy is so weak.   so, you see, my delightful children, revenge is a dish best served with broccoli.  aaahhahahahahahaha.  enough.  take this code module and track down any stragglers.  i'll see you on the moon base for phase 2.   come on.   what's happening.   we've got to get out of here.  hold on.    we're not gonna make it.   ..oh, ground, i missed you so much.   you'll have to get ther's cooking up something evil, and this broccoli is just the start.  i've got to round up my team  oh, no, you don't.  i'm afraid we need you for another matter.   run.  becomi ..you know, i could really go for a hamburger.   ugh.   who dares disturb the supreme leader of the kids next door.   follow my lead.  hey.  is that a new blacksilhouette suit you have on, father.   why, yes, it is.  it's a tad blacker than the last one more slimming, don't you think.   oh, definitely.  and i see you got it at a good price.   i did. how did you know.   well, there's a little thing dangling there.   oh, that's probably just the price taoh, no, you don't.  you're trying to get me to say tag and then touch you so i won't be leader anymore.  well, i'm not falling for it, buddy boy.  i'm the leader of the kids next door, and i'm gonna stay leader at least until i've harvested your miserable tree houses into enough broccoli to feed every kid in the world eight meals a day of the stuff.   you give it a shot.  ..i'm not a field operative.   you are now.   oh, you'll eat it plain, and youwon'tlike it.   hi, there, father, sir.  as a former kids next door supreme leader, i'd love to share some advice, maybe show you where the secret supremeleader bathroom is.   why, that'd be swell.  this is a really tough job, you know.   well, it definitely helps during your first days as new leader to wear one of these.  what do you call these things.   what. a name tanice try.  but i wasn't born yesterday, you know.   that's right.  father is smarter than all of you kids next door dummies put together.  tell them how you tricked everyone into making you their supreme leader.   well, it was simple, really.  when that dumb numbuh 2 kid opened the door, he reached out and tagged me just like this.  tag. you're it.   i don't want to be supreme leader again.  tag. you're it.   we don't want to lead a bunch of everyday brats.  tag. you're it.   ..  looks like i'm still your supreme leader.   not so fast.  the game's still on, so that means we have until noon to make you tag one of us.   you know, i never liked tag.  ..  hideandseek.    quick, after him.      hyah.    wrong one, kids.    split up.  whoa.   aah.   aah.    both: whoa.    i can't take much more of this.  i'm way out of practice.   well, this is the last room.  the real father has got to be somewhere behind this door.   ready.   yep.      that's it.  we've lost.  we'll never find him in there.   not without this, you won't.   not so fast, delightful deviants.  if you think we're gonna fall for that, you're  no.  the code module shows the real father is in the room just beyond this one.   but what if it's a trap.   father said it himself.  nobody likes broccoli, not even them.  so, you ready to do this, soldier.   think a desk officer like you can keep up.   try not to fall behind.   maybe i should've put more mes out there.  ..  you're too late, kids.   well, that was nifty.  ..minute left to tag father.  ..way...into...room.   rachel, no.  it's suicide.   aah.       oh, at least put some cheese on it.  ..there.   hey, how'd you get in here.  what no.  get off me.  help.  no.   tag me now.   don't make me eat broccoli please.   tag me.   no.  here.  tag. you're it.  now, get that cursed vegetable away from me.  daddy, don't make me eat the yucky broccoli.  please, daddy.   we've got to stop fathe  relax.  we removed his and the ogers from the code module a few days ago.  they're gone, and the tree houses are back to normal.   how long have i been out.   about a week.  what you did back there was very brave, supreme leader, sir.   you know, being out there and fighting again was pretty sweet.  but how do you guys do it every day.   well, we eat a lot of nachos, i guess.  mostly you just get used to it.   maybe being supreme leader isn't as bad a job as i thought.   so, you think you're ready to get back to work.   yeah, i think so.   great.   kids next door rule.  number 362, sir.   kids next door row.    little help, number 362.    as kids next door supreme ..  go long.     aah.    what ein horrible nightmare.   was it the one where you forgot to study for a big test.   no, silly, it was much scarier.  aah.  captions by vitacwww.vitac.com   a toast to the seven seas.   more sugar for me and me mateys.   who's next.  can no one eat more sugar than old stickybeard.   i can.   aargh.   you got a lot of nerve showing your face in the candy bar, lassie.   i didn't come here for sweet talk.  i came for information.  it's heinrich. he's missing.   blasted fool probably got himself in trouble with the marshmallow mayans again.   nope, it has something to do with licorice black licorice.  and you're gonna tell me everything about it, and you're gonna help me find heinrich that is, unless you're sugarfree.   ooh.   you know a candy pirate can't say no to a sugary challenge.   so let's do it.   'tis your bloodsugar levels, lassie.  set us up.  ..  ..  ..  ha.   did you say something.  ..two out of three.   no, thanks. now spill it.    very well.    ohh    once there was a pirate by the name of black john    would do anything for candy, even steal it from his mom    well, he sailed a summer through just to fill his candy quota    till he stumbled on an island off the coast of north dakota     and there he found licorice, licorice    sweet, juicy, and red    it grew like bamboo    to the heavens it spread    licorice, licorice    as red as my beard    there were acres for all takers, or so it appeared     but old black john wanted it all to himself .   so he cut the stalks down and sailed off with his wealth    but his greed had a cost for him and all his crew    some very bad things were to     and that's when the licorice, licorice    turned rancid and black    was dead, no, not red   ..     licorice, licorice    there's more yet to tell    their bones, how they groaned, turned to licorice as well     cursed to be skeletons alive only at night    for by day, they collapse at the dawn's early light    but at dusk, they'd arise just barely alive    till one day they heard of a way to survive    go back to the island and plant there this seed.  let moonlight upon it.  with soda, then feed.    and then we'll grow licorice, licorice    sweet, juicy, and red    the curse will reverse    from your bones it will shed    licorice, licorice    no longer so black    one seed's all you need to grow it all back    so they sailed for the island with the seed that night    but, alas, stopped short when came morning's first light    'twas the very same day that we came along    just my cabin boy and me where we didn't belong    we climbed up the steps and walked 'round all the stumps    and found there black john and his skeleton clumps    then heinrich did something that shattered the calm    he snatched 'way the seed from john's bony old palm    now, the sun, it went down, and john sprung back to life    and grabbed for the seed with great anger and strife    but somehow, we escaped and sailed off in the night    not knowing that john followed and yelled out in spite     licorice, licorice    i'll find you, my friend    my crew shall pursue    on that you can depend    there you have it, lassie.  now beat it.   there's just one thing.  if heinrich took the seed, what'd he do with it.   i ate it.   what do you mean you ate it.   the food at the kids next door prison was awful, so yesterday, i took the seed out of mein pocket, und i ate it.   then i say we plunge his stomach to get the seed.   yeah.   i say reach down his throat and grab it.   yeah.   i say kick him in the stomach till he coughs up the seed.   yeah.   i say we plunge him, reach down his throat, kick him in the stomach, and give him the worst wedgie of his life.   yeah.   i say we send him home.   well, that's thinking out of the box.   i never would have thought of that.   knock it off, you suffering sea dogs.  i know exactly what to do with this seedstealing mongrel.   no. )