 don't touch it.  nobody touches it.  i'm calling your father.  hey, ferb.  reverse engineering. huh, huh.  i know what we're gonna do today.  think again, bucko.  mom said no touchytouchy.  we don't need to touchytouchy.  we have a portable electronic scanner, gumption, and another portable electronic scanner.  well, i'll be watching you closely, so don't think you can get oneall done, ferb.  cool.  let's get reverse engineering.  and here's the 17th century whiskershire spring stick which belonged to the earl of whiskershire.   uh, excuse me for a second.  hello.  honey, do you know about the thing in the front yard.  oh, yes, of course i do.  i made it myself.  do you like it.  you made that.  ahem. uh, look, darling.  i'm in the middle of something right here so i'll have to phone you back.  okay, honey, don't press the red button on it, will you.  i want to be there when you see it. okay.  well, okay, but i'm really playing you know, in retrospect, i probably went a little overboard with the traps on this thing.  all right, i'm going to try to reach the release switch for the trap holding your arms.  then you try to reach the steering wheel and change our course away from mount kilimanjaro.  interesting trivia: kilimanjaro is actually comprised of three volcanic cones.  kibo, shira, and the one that we're about to crash into, mawenzi.  cool, huh.  there.  oh. oh, that wasn't the release.  who knows what that did.   this one should be the rightokay, i got it.   quick.  you know, perry the platypus, i justa golf course. a golf course has a lot of traps in it.  that's what i should have said.   well, it turns out your father is the one responsible for thishold on.  is it buzzing.  yes, yes, it is.  okay, stay calm.  just move away from it.  friends, bullies, irving, at 0900 hours, a uco, or "unidentified crashing object," landed in our front yard.  we've reversed engineered a piece by piece duplicate of the strange object.  we have called you here to help us discover what this object is and how it works.   . what you gonna does when you don't know what it do .  . dododododo .  . it's way too big to be a buckle .  . and too bland to be a belly dancer .  . or when it tries to guess your height .  . it's never right unless you're 3'2" .  . when you come or go you can't tell .  . if it waves goodbye or waves hello .  . and in the library it's useless .  . 'cause it don't care when the books are due .  . dodododo dodododo .  . it doesn't seem to understand the game .  . it's got rock, paper scissors, spaniel .  . instead of picking up the trash .  . it started picking lady liberty's nose .  . it makes a lousy baseball umpire .  . or browwiper for bongo players .  . and when it walks a dog it never really .  . pays attention where it goes .  . dodododo dododo .  . dododododo what do it do. .  soon, the entire village of whiskershire began following the earl's lead to of course uh, do forgive me, iii'm awfully sorry. hello.  lawrence, you have to come home right now.  this thing is freaking me out.  linda, my dear, i love you, but you couldn't have chosen a worse moment to go completely bonkers.  i'm sorry, but i've got to call you back. bye.  oh. he doesn't believe me.  he said i sound crazy.   oh, really.  yeah. it's not like i'm imagining this.  of course not. gosh, that must be so frustrating to have someone not believe you when you're telling the truth.  oh, you don't know the half of it.  that feeling you have right now.  that's how i feel every day when you don't believe me about what phineas and ferb are doing.  now that you finally understand, will you come to the backyard.  why.  now, keep in mind how dad just made you feel, okay.  phineas and ferb have reverseengineered and built an exact duplicate of this thing, and at this very moment they're trying to figure what it does by forcing it to belly dance and work in a library.  candace, honey, i love you, but you couldn't have chosen a worse moment to go completely bonkers.  pierre.   did anyone look. heehee.  i picture, like, half the people down there looking around like: : "who called my name." you know, isabella, i sometimes wonder if it is mere coincidence that it was you and i chosen to portray the young, happy couple.  "chosen".  baljeet, you charged at that empty chair like a crazed bull.  ah, here we are, madame and monsieur.   and what can i get for you this afternoon.  ah, bup, bup.  give.   hm. interesting.  okay, there's been no change in the last ten minutes.  i should call your father.  you know, mom, i understand.  obviously you're not gonna come see what phineas and ferb are up to until this is resolved, so here's what we're going to do.  first of all, no more calling dad.  if i don't convince you to come home to bust the boys after a couple of calls, i go get you.  but what if he doesn't want to come with me.  did that ever stop me.  this statue, which stands outside the whiskershire rectory, still holds the earl's actual spring stick, yes.  the spring stick is used as such: it's placed in front of you so as to spring the hidden mousetraps and avoid capture.  now, some suggestmove it, fletcher.  oh, any questions.   doofenshmirtz: the quaint town of whiskershire.  it's a great place to fly willynilly through, manacled to a rocket skiff this time of year.   friends, bullies, irving, we've reached our conclusion as to the purpose of the object that landed in our front yard.  we believe that it is an antiromance rocket created to scan for and then eliminate romantic elements from potentially amorous situations.  all: oh.  so it's not a wedgie machine.    this is going to be awesome, stace.  so when they get home, i'm going to drag both of them into the backyard and it will be a busting feeding frenzy.  . busting feeding frenzy stay out of the water .   doofenshmirtz: waitwait a minute.  perry the platypus, where are.  curse you, perry the platypus.  . agent p .  . busting feeding frenzy stay out of the water .  . it's a busting feeding frenzy stay out of the water .   deep male voice: . oh, yeah .  . i like the way the sunlight glints off your chrome .  wow.  two antiromance rockets falling in love.  that's what i call "ironing." . it's a busting feeding frenzy .  . stay out of the water .  . it's a busting feeding frenzy .  . stay out of the water .  there.  tell me that's not terrifying.  . busting feeding frenzy .  i'm so sorry i doubted you.  . down, down, down at the.  what. candace, where did that thing go.  hm. i don't know.  but, mom, you and dad have to come to the backyard right now and see what the boys are never mind.  i wonder what would make someone want to build something to destroy romance in the first place.  well, if you reverseengineer the human heart, you're bound to find love at its core.  and gross, smooshy red stuff.  yes, love and gross, smooshy red stuff.  and ventricles.  actually, i think ventricles is already included in "gross, squishy red stuff." all: yeah.   ah, a nice, relaxing day at the beach.  nothing but the waves, the sun, and peace and quiet.  buford drank all the sunscreen.  coconut's my favorite flavor.  who wants to play volleyball..  i spoke too soon.  oh, candace, look.  there's a sandcastlebuilding contest over there.  you used to love those.  you should sign up.  yeah.  wait. ugh, why bother.  with these two here, there'll be no competition.  they'll build a real skyscraper out of sand with a working elevator and window washers and a parking garage with flying cars.  they'll totally steal my thunder.  actually, there's something else we may be doing today.  with a minimal amount of research, ferb's found out that the lost city of atlantis is probably located right off the coast of danville.  ooh, i hope to finally see a real, live seahorse and get my underwater equestrian patch.  i'd like to see a shark.  i hear they're the toughest fish in the ocean.  i got in the car when your mom stopped for gas.  i'm just happy to be here.  wow.  ooh, and i brought my camera to take pictures of all the action.   guess we know what we're doing today.  hey, where's perry.  . dowadoobiedoobie dowadoobiedoobie .  . dowathank you thank you very much .  . agent p .  ah, agent p, dr. doofenshmirtz has been to every plant nursery in town buying up little seedlings and now he's out and about in his blimp.  find out what he's up to.  carl.  oh, hehheh. sir.  are those my old mustache clippings.  some of them.  monogram: sorry you had to see that, agent p.  please find out what doofenshmirtz is up to.  hey, mom, we're gonna go find the lost city of atlantis.  be back later.  what imaginations.  momooh, they're leaving.  mom, get out the turret molds, we've got a sandcastle to build.  okay, everybody, follow me.  and remember, if you get lost, the surface is up.   wow, is that the titanic over there.  isabella: look, it's amelia earhart.  baljeet: the tomb of poseidon.  focus, guys.  we're looking for atlantis, remember.  which way, ferb.  digital voice: take phytoplankton road north.  hold it.   that one's for my wallet.  why is the water always so warm next to you.  mom: i'm so glad you wanted to join the contest.  this'll be fun.  if we're gonna do this, we're gonna do it right.  here, fill these buckets with water.  i'm going to go find some sand.   lunchtime, my little plant friends.  yes, you like your water, don't you.  everyone gets h2o.  even you, little algae.   oh, perry the platypus, you landed in my fertilizer trap.  look at you.  you've potting soiled yourself.   so i got to thinking, why use animals or insects to aid in my evil schemes when there are all these shiftless, donothing plants just laying around.  so i've created a superevil growth formula that when sprayed on my plants will turn them into thorny, prickly minions.  with them under my control, i will rule the tristate area with an iron fist and a green thumb.    and if you don't mind, i'm going upwind of you.  phineas: we're almost there, guys.  digital voice: turn right at kelp.  these skulls are pretty cool.  hey.  it's okay, irving.  you still have the greatest camera ever made.  where.  right here.  the human mind.  you can take pictures with your mind and store them in your memory.  try it.  okay. click.  well, i guess that worked.  sea horses.  you can get your underwater equestrian patch now.  um, that was a joke.  they're way too small to ride.  not if you scoop up a whole bunch of 'em.  giddy up.  hey, guys, look what i found.  a door with ancient runes telling us how to open it.  forget that. step aside.  or that.  . atlantis .  . submerged city you enchant us .  click.  . oh, poseidon please grant us .  . entry to the city of atlantis .  . atlantis is a city at the bottom of the sea .  . it's soggier now than it used to be .  . 'cause it used to be above now it's down below .  . it's the waterlogged city of atlantis .  . every room in every house has an oceanic view .  . if you shoo away a whale or a manatee or two .  . there is not a better, wetter place for you to go .  . than the waterlogged city of atlantis .  . well, the forecast says the humidity is high .  . it's not your kind of place if you want to stay dry .  . you can always have tea with a sea anemone .  . in the waterlogged city of atlantis .  . in the waterlogged city in the waterlogged city .  . in the waterlogged city in the waterlogged city .  . in the waterlogged city in the waterlogged city .  . in the waterlogged city .  and everything is so pretty.  . in the waterlogged city of atlantis .  okay, everyone, move in closer while i put my camera on a timer.  i think he's taking this camera thing to a weird level.  say "cheese." click.  we are so privileged to be here in this strange and beautiful place.  to think that the greatest minds in history have been searching for atlantis for thousands of years.  those guys are punks.  we should bring this up to the surface for the whole world to see.  baljeet: oh, yes, that is a great idea.  rrr. this is the third time it's fallen.  i used to be good at this.  now i'm frank lloyd wrong.  when did it get so hard.  oh, man.  this is supersimple.  ugh. i hate this stupid contest.  i quit.  hon, will you relax.  this is supposed to be fun.  hey, candace.  hey, mrs. flynnfletcher.  jeremy.  hi.  uh, hehheh, so, what brings you to the magnificent shores of danville.  well, i'm the judge of the contest this year.  no way.  way.  i'm excited to see what you two come up with, but you'd better get started.  time's atickin'.  mom, why are you just standing there.  sandcastles don't build themselves. chop, chop.  doofenshmirtz: see, perry the platypus, your efforts to stop me have been fruitless.  "fruitless," you like that.  that's a good one.  next time you'll "leaf" me alone. hehhehheh.  yes, perry the platypus, i can sure be a "fungi." get it. "fungi," plural of fungus.   it's a... eh.  yeah.  anyway, grow, my green minions, and get him.  hey, wait, not me.  not me. hey, wait.  don'tdon't be fresh.  i gotta shut this thing off.  this has become a thorny situation, i four weather balloons and helium canisters for underwater delivery.  that's us.  aren't you kids a little young to be discovering atlantis.  yes, yes, we are.  well, good for you.  all right, guys, let's get to work.   candace: oh, no.  jeremy's almost here.  help, perry the platypus, help.  haha. yes, yes, perry, you got it.  that's it, you're free.  now, come over here andwait, where are you going.  perry the platyphineas: okay, guys.  tie the balloons to the four corners of atlantis.  looks good, ferb.   irving: it's working.  buford: woohoo. yes.  lookin' good, guys.  looks kindacool.  this is horrible.  jeremy's going to take one look at this and think i'm a big losery loser.  oh, honey, jeremy's smart enough to separate his feelings about your sandcastle from his feelings about you.  okay, uh, last but not least, we have the flynnfletchers.  well, it's not perfect, but we had fun doing it, so i give you our sandcastle.  jeremy: holy moly, candace.  i know, i know. it's not great, but we did our best.  are you kidding.  it's amazing.  you win, you win.  i'm going to get your blue ribbon.  huh.   i have to say, i think jeremy can't separate his feelings for you from his feelings for this sandcastle.  he must like you more than you thought.  heehee.  i know.  let's go get that blue ribbon.  perry the platypus, you came back and saved me.  thank you, perry the platywhat. uh.  i'm having an allergic reaction to these stupid plants.  curse you, inadequate immune system.  baljeet: what happened.  isabella: did anybody see it.  why did it go back down.  perhaps the lost city of atlantis wanted to stay lost.  at least i've got the pictures in my head.  hey. i had my thumb in front of the lens the whole time.  aw, now all i'll remember is my thumb.    if i'm lyin', i'm cryin'.   whoa.  oh, whoa, mater. are you all right.  oh, shoot. that was nothin'.  i used to be a daredevil.  what.  folks would come from all around to see my stunts.   announcer:..  mater the greater.   yay. yay.  get your mater teeth right here.  2 buck teeth for one buck.   car in audience: you're a hero, man.   announcer: and there he goes.  ow.  excuse me. pardon me. coming through.  hey, ricky, how's the kid.  watch your hood.  announcer: he did it.   mater is greater.  i did all kinds of stunts.  fire.  whoa.  yeehoo. ha ha ha.  whoa, whoa, whoa.  ha ha ha ha ha.  i busted nearly every part in my body.   but the biggest stunt mater the greater ever did was jumpin' carburetor canyon.  jumpin' carburetor canyon. no way.  yes way. you remember. you was there, too.  what.  ready, buddy.  ready.  all right, then. git 'er done.  whoa. aah.    well, whwhat happened.  you didn't make it.  well, see you later.     ow.    there's 104 days of summer vacation    and school comes along just to end it    so the annual problem for our generation    is findin' a good way to spend it    like maybe    buildin' a rocket    or fighting a mummy    or climbin' up the eiffel tower    discoverin' somethin' that doesn't exist    or givin' a monkey a shower    surfin' tidal waves    creating nanobots    or locating frankenstein's brain   it's over here.   finding a dodo bird    painting a continent    or driving our sister insane   phineas.   as you can see    there's a whole lot of stuff to do    before school starts this fall   come on, perry.   so stick with us    'cause phineas and ferb are gonna do it all    so stick with us    'cause phineas and ferb are gonna do it all   mom.  phineas and ferb aremaking a title sequence.  captioning made possible bydisneyabc cable networks group candice: hello. is thisthe johnson residence.  i'd like to speakto jeremy johnson.  this is candice flynn.  why am i calling, you ask.  because i have a questionabout our algebra assignment.  thank you. i'll hold.ok, ok. let's see.  opening jokes.opening jokes.  heya, jeremy.this is candice flynn.  so what do you get when youcross a yak and a martian.  honey, could i interruptfor just a sec.  why, jeremy johnson,did you just call me honey.  i justwanted to tell you i'm off to my book club.  i left a phone number on the fridge in case of emergency.  .. yes, mom.  i hope you're not planning on talking to that banana all afternoon.  ladies and platypuses, introducing the latest party craze to sweep the nation, the amazing mariachi tree.     i think the lesson here is never drink so much chocolate milk before planning our day's activity.  bye, guys. sorry.  good work there, though.  there's that smile, arturo.gracias.  hi, phineas.  oh. hi, isabella.  what ya do are you ok.  i just came by to see what ya doing.  that's a bad case of the hiccups you got there.   not to fear, isabella.  ferb and i will help you cure your hiccups.   hey, where's perry.  " dr. doofenshmirtz is on the move.  we tracked him to these coordinates when we suddenly lost his signal.  we have 2 scenarios to explain his disappearance, first that magical elves have caused dr.  doofenshmirtz to vanish to the land of angry corn people.  the second is that he may be on this secret, hideoutshaped island with the initial "d" carved into it that satellites found in the exact spot ..  uh, forget the magical elves thing.  i'm way off base with that.  "  dooby dooby doobah    dooby dooby doobah    dooby dooby doobah    dooby dooby doobah    perry    he's a semiaquatic    egglayin' mammal of action    dooby dooby doobah, dooby dooby doobah    he's a furry, little flatfoot    will never flinch from a fraayay    he's got more than just mad skill    he's got a beaver tail and a bill    and the women swoon    whenever they hear him say     he's perry     major:"  perry   "   ok, isabella, the best way to cure the hiccups is to scare them away, so what scares you.  hmm well, there was this haunted house at the state fair that was pretty scary.  ferb and i are gonna make you the scariest haunted house ever, with zombies and werewolves and ghosts and vampires and witches. ahem.  oh. hey, candace.  phineas, the only way you're building a haunted house in this backyard is over my dead body.  that's the idea. blahh.  i'm calling mom.  and i am not using the banana this time.  you guys heard that, right.  it wasn't just me.  build a haunted house, my foot.  they're so busted.  yes. hello. this is an emergency.  i'd like to speak with linda flynn.  to whom am i presently speaking. )