  girls: groovy. far out. out of sight.  dynomite.    pinky the chihuahua.  well, mama knows how to deal with bad little doggies.  bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad dog well, there's no engine, but it looks like gravity will do the trick.  all right, girls, are we ready to get the recklessdisregardforlife andlimb patch.  all: aye, aye, captain.   so how exactly is this gonna work.  girls. sashes, now.  gretchen, you have the controls.  what good will that do.  just trust me.  oh, my goodness, what a cute little tree.  all: aw.  isabella, what now.  we're gonna crash.  isabella: oh, no, we're not.  everybody, lean.   okay, girls.  it's time to tap that sap.  i'm on it.  hold it still, katie.  we got it, isabella.   hey, phineas.  we got that sap you guys needed.  excellent, isabella.  that's the last ingredient we need.  now all we have to do is...  run away together.  isabella, isabella.  phineas said thanks.  "thanks." he really does appreciate me.  yes, yes, he does.  . stiff beauty .  yes. at last my own lifetime supply of stiff beauty.    i may be stiff, but at least i'm beautiful.  curse you, pinky the chihuahua.  have you forgotten who we are.  we're fireside girls troop 46321 and we never give up.  . we're fireside girls one and all .  . we wear our patchesupon our sashes .  . and stand cute, smalland strong .  . this is the fireside girlssong .  . and it's nottoo terribly long .   justin, way to score on the world history exam.  well, thanks, brian.  you know, this might sound kind of lame, but i didn't think you knew my name.  oh, i didn't. you left your sweater in class.  has your name in it.  look. i didn't do so good on this test.  i just got one rightmy name.  i was wondering if you could help me out, you know, tutor me.  i don't know. i'm kind of busy.  i'll give you two tickets to the tears of blood concert.  . their new tour is awesome.  you got a deal.  come by sub station after school. awesome.  oh, if any of my friends ask you, i was all over you for talking to my girlfriend.  and if any of my friends ask you, your girlfriend actually talked to me.  oh, my gosh, did you hear.  the 'gurtbarn is handing out free frozen yogurt samples.  oh. how do you know that.  on my cell, i got a 'gurt alert.  well, you're gonna have to try it without me.  i have to work.  you always have to work.  a beanie.     crazy, funky, junky hat    overslept, hair unsightly    trying to look like keira knightley   we've been there, we've done that    we see right through your funky hat   you were saying.  it's just really hard to have a friend who's always busy.  ooh, why don't i get my parents to give you a job at the sandwich shop.  that way, we can hang out all the time and even get paid for it.  really. that'd be great.  i've never had a job before, well, except for the dollar grandma gives me for rubbing lotion on her feet.  well, we'll just make sure that you're wearing gloves when you make the sandwich.   well, you know everything's gonna be a breeze    that the end will, no doubt, justify the means    you can fix any problem with the slightest of ease    yes, please    but you might find out it'll go to our head    when you write a report on a book you never read    with a snap of your fingers, you can make your bed    that's what i said    everything is not what it seems    when you can get all you wanted    in your wildest dreams    you might run into trouble if you go to extremes    because everything is not what it seems    everything is not what it seems    when you can have what you want    by the simplest of means    be careful not to mess with the balance of things    because everything is not what it seems   captioning made possible bydisney abc cable networks group good afternoon,mr. and mrs. russo.  i happenedto be passing by when i noticedthis "help wanted" sign.  i'd like to applyfor the position.  oh, wow, i didn'tknow we were hiring.  what a good idea,mom and dad.  harper, we didn't putthat sign in the window.  well, someonemust have.  we're not hiringany sandwich associates.  or peoplewearing a sandwich.  harper, there'sno job available, but if you canturn that sandwich into a taco, i think raul's is hiringdown the street.  but we'reswamped.  ..  all of our phone orders.  girls, i know you think it'd be fun to work together, ..  or family.  the one time you forget to wipe off the tip of the mustard squeeze bottle, and it's suddenly 3 hours of silent salami slicing.  it's unsightly.  but, mom, dad, think about it.  if harper works here, you guys could spend more time with each other.  we could even go to one of those dollar movies you're always talking about.  it's a movie for a dollar.  how could you not talk about that.  let me show you.  alex, it is a big responsibility training a new employee.  does that mean yes.  and you can't shirk your responsibilities does that mean yes.  and remember, business comes before friendship.  i'm taking this all as a yes.  harper, you're hired.  i mean, welcome to our family's business.  this would look great on you.  no. it'd look better on you.  you're more of a summer.  speaking of summer, did you hear what happened to her in gym today.  speaking of jim, i heard he and summer are going out now.  that's what i was gonna say.  uh, regis. kelly.  can i interrupt the talk show to interest you in some actual work.  oh, yeah. sorry, dad.  we were just taking a little break, but we're getting back to work right now.  ok. well, there's a customer.  why don't you go take his order.  a cowboy hat.     crazy, funky, junky hat    overslept, hair unsightly    trying to look like keira knightley   we've been there, we've done that    we see right through your funky hat   wow, i was one away from all boys.  hi. welcome to waverly sub station.  i'll be your server today, and this is harper. she's our new trainee.  well, i'm thrilled.  tell you what.  just give me the bronxstrami, a large root beer, and a slice of that coffee cake over there, huh.  really. here's what i do.  i get the half order because it's just as filling and half the price.  harper. what. that's what i do.  oh, and get the small soda because it's free refills.  " i meant, " yeah. i'll have what the trainee said, huh.  how'd i do.  well, you just turned a $12 order into us owing him.  table 4, sandwich up.   why don't you just run sandwiches while i take the orders.  oh. i'm sorry. look.  why don't you just clean tables, and i'll take orders and run the sandwiches.  so, how's harper working out.  great. she's really getting the hang of it.  how much coffee do i pour on the coffee cake.  ha ha.  that's just a joke between me and her.  none, harper. none. )