 er box.  hey, how about hawaii.  as you know, doofenshmirtz is in the area of the big island.  he's obviously up to no good.  find out what he's up to and put a stop to it.  carl: sir.  oh, i promised carl you'd get him one of those hula wigglers for his dashboard.  he thinks it would be "neat".  hey. what's this.  pineapple scented serenity lotion with spf.  "apply and feel instantly serene." mom, i totally need a serenity lotion.  check this out. "aqua primates." aprimes, ferb.  the back of the box shows them crowning the queen, fighting robots and designing websites.  ferb, we totally got to get this.  hey, not to be redundant, but where's perry.  . perry .  perry the platypus.  well, first of all, i just want to state, for the record, that this island was not my first choice.  i wanted skull island right over there, but it was already booked for jake abernstein's bar mitzvah.  and so, all that was available was pink unicorn island.  so, go ahead, laugh it up.  i will say this, it was considerably cheaper than skull island, and look, i get to keep the robe.  oh, where are my manners. aloha.  that's hawaiian for "you're trapped." and why am i here, you ask.  see these little minivolcanoes, they contain a certain primordial ooze that i need for my latest evil device.  behold, the deevolutionator.  i don't know why, it kinda looks like a giant fish bone, that's just how it came in the kit.  when i unleash this baby on the tristate area, it will make every man, woman and child to moonwalk backwards down the evolutionary chain, finally stopping at wimpy little pliopithecus.  "oh, i'm pliopithecus. i'm not evolved enough "to stop a modern man like doofenshmirtz."  and that's when i will swoop back into town and take over.  isn't that just darwin.  candace: preparing to relax.  boy, do i need this.   why are there so many people here.  wait, wait, one last chair.  excuse me, i was here first.    relaxation.  come to me, serenity.  okay, well, the aprimes hatched, but they're really tiny.  and it looks like they can only do one trick, moving towards a light source.  as impressive as that is, i bet if they were humansized, they could do all this stuff on the box.  hmm. ferb, do we have any more of that growth elixir.  phineas: hey, candace.  phineas, i don't care if it's a ferris wheel to jupiter or a bionic meatloaf, i'm going to relax. now, go ahead, run along.  okay, ferb, time to dump 'em in.  hey. what are you two kids doing.  we're putting our aprimes in the pool before they outgrow their container.  is that against the rules.  well, let's see. "no running, diving, pushing or modern expressionism." nope, nothing here. you guys are good to go.  cool. let's add the aprimes.  . come along with me, my friends . we're going where the party never ends . here, underneath the sea . an aquatic jubilee . where my hands are like prunes . eating mussels from a spoon . do the aprime calypso with me . their underwater kin are maritime...  . do the aprime calypso with me . now, don't you be a wimp grab some driedprawn shrimp . and mix it with some h20.  . put it in a beaker or maybe in a sneaker . watch the aqueous primetime show.  . where my hands are like prunes . eating mussels from a spoon . do the aprime calypso with me . their underwater kin are maritime...  . do the aprime calypso with me . hear the real rockers straight from davy jones' locker . do the aprime calypso with me . do the aprime calypso with me .  all right, candace, you're finally doing it.  relaxing, it's all good.  aloha, malihini, or guests.  in the spirit oflaulea, or peaceful relaxation, let me be yourkumu, or teacher in an outdoor yoga class, free for hotel guests.  pathetic, isn't it.  some people don't have the discipline to relax on their own.  they need to take a... oh, who are you kidding.  you're taking the class.  a little extra serenity can't hurt.  oh, this stuff is slippery.  everybody, find a mat.  so let's start with a gentle standing back bend.     uhoh. improbable creature wrangling time.  i knew it. i knew my obnoxious brothers will ruin my relaxation.  shoo. shoo. get out of here. it's not a real fish.  as i was saying, the deevolutionator will blast past the pacific ocean, bounce off the satellite, and completely blank at the tristate area, deevolving everyone.  how are we doing in the back row. can you see okay.  all right, away we go.  oh, for badness sake, what now.  oh, i see, it's just a little smear on the lens. if i just...    excuse me, excuse me.  hey, mister, have you seen a group of giant, wetaqua primates running through here.  elevator. thanks.  hey. you two are so busted.  hold it right there, young lady.  i'm the manager of this hotel, and if there's going to be any busting to do, i'm going to do it.  but, but, but, but...  wait a minute, i am on vacation.  he is working.  i pass the bust baton to you, sir. aloha.   phineas: come back here. stop.  stop right there, young men.  what is the meaning of this.  uh, i'm not sure i understand your question.   stop. come back here.  wow, for someone living in hawaii, he's awfully stressed.   okay, this, i don't even get.   all right, candace, you're finally doing it, relaxing.  manager: come back here.   stop.  how are we gonna round up the aprimes.  hello. room service.  boys. i'm going to call your mother.  5550142.    hello, you've reached linda flynnfletcher.  and if this is candace, i'm sure whatever the boys are doing is nothing.   hon, dr. goldberg and his old lady are trying to drop in on our wave.  ooh, those crazy kooks.  i'll just do an oldschool dropknee turn on the bottom, eh.  cut back up the face through the soup, do a nice little tail slide, and drop into the green room for a bit of tube time.  you got all that on the internet, didn't you.  yes, yes, i did.  cowabunga.  what. what is it.  oh, great. now, i'm a singlecelled organism.  now how am i gonna drive home.  you boys order a giant flashlight from room service.  yep. you're in luck.  we were just about to take that off the menu.  here. let's switch this baby on.  hopefully, the aprimes haven't forgotten their one trick.   it's working. they're moving towards the light.  are you mrs. flynnfletcher.  yes.  your boys are doing something in the back, and you have to see it.  no, wait. don't throw that out.  oh, curse you, perry the platypus.  perfect, they're still here.  come quick, come, look.  see. look at these slimy, disgusting creatures.  well, that's not a very nice thing to say.   hi, mom. hi, boys.   yeah.  but, but, but, but, but there were all these...  my apologies if my daughter put you up to this.  we'll be upstairs, kids.   oh, dude. i know, right. )