  hey, looks like that's you.  congratulations.  you're the hundredth contestant.  ladies and gentlemen, this young lady has the honor of singing on stage with p.f.t.  ..  phineas.  candace. you're the hundredth contestant.  how serendipitous.  this will be like a brother/sister thing.  now, i'm assuming you've heard our single.  i mean, who hasn't, right. it's a big hit.  so here's the words, but don't worry if you get lost, the lyrics are meaningless anyway.  i'll point when it's your turn.  ladies and gentlemen, the ferbettes.  i'm phineas, and this is ferb, and we're gonna sing a song.   bow chicka bow wow    that's what my baby says    mow mow mow   . heart starts pumping    chicka chicka choo wah    never gonna stop    getchy getchy goo means that i love you    i said a bow chicka bow wow    that's what my baby says    mow mow mow    and the heart starts pumping    chicka chicka choo wah    never gonna stop    getchy getchy goo means that i love you    i said a bow chicka bow wow   candace.  wait a minute. what are you doing.  i'm cueing you.  how did you get a hit single.  well, it wasn't easy.  it took most of the morning and half a dozen phone calls.  but if you're willing to put in the workthat's it. i'm gonna tell mom.  ok. tell her what.  doi'm just gonna tell.   getchy getchy goo means that i love you   mom, mom, mom. mom, you've got to see this.  let me guess, is it unbelievacome on, come on, come on.  hi, i'm ben baxter, hugeo records.  why don't you come by my office in an hour and we can talk about your future.  future. cool.  he must be a psychic.  come on, come on, come on.  see. there they are on stage.  announcer: ladies and gentlemen, once again, marty the rabbit boy and his musical blender.     hon, we're getting you an eye exam.  no. no, wait.   perry    doofenshmirtz evil incorporated   ha ha. everything is ready.   oh, what is it now.  oh, are you my new temp.  well, let me just get you up to speed.  i know it's a bit of a mess.  i'm just putting the finishing touches on my latest maniacal plan.  you see, in a few minutes, i will unleash an unprecedented reign of terror upon the entire tristate area.  and perry the platypus will never be the wiser.   perry the platypus.  you're a temp.  are times that hard.  oh, i told mom i don't need glasses.  what the.  no. no, wait.  grr.  ma.   doofenshmirtz evil incorpor  sorry, perry the platypus, but you're too late.   ooh, this one's nice.  mom, come here. you've got to see this.  but, candace i haven't paid for this yet. hey.  when it comes to havoc, nobody wreaks like me.  whoa. wait you're not supposed to touch that.  hey, no fair.   wow, what a great painting.  how did you get permission for that.  oh, they didn't mind.  the building's scheduled for demolition.  see.  aah.  uh, ma'am, you're gonna have to come back and pay for that.  yes, of course, officer.  aah.  hey, weren't you lindana.  heh. yes, i was.  i can't believe you recognized me.  well, i was a huge fan.  you still have to pay for the jacket.  i know.  very clever, perry the platypus.  i was trying to ignore you, but you forced my hand.  ..  i shall relax with a nice, tasty deli platter.  heh. oh, ho ho ho.  where are my manners.  perry the platypus, care for some pepper.  just say when.  any time.  ben: boys, let me start by saying we love your act, and we want to be in the phineas and the ferbtones business.  by the way, aren't you a little young to be pop stars.  no.  well, ok then.  we're prepared to offer you a very lucrative contract if you'll just sign exclusely with us for your followup single.  followup single.  who do you think we are, some twobit hacks who'll keep writing new songs just because you pay us obscene amounts of cash.  phineas and the ferbtones are strictly a onehit wonder.  good day to you, sir.   diva tantrum. check.  elevator music. check.  ah, who needs them.  we've still got this videotape of their performance.  we can do live cds, dvds, podcasts.  heck, we can digitally recreate their images to make our own sitcomthe phineas & ferb show.  we can squeeze 20 years of entertainment out of this one videotape.  aah. the giant robot is coming right at us.  wow, you sure like a lot of pepper.  i'm more of a paprika man, myself.   it will take more than condiments to foil my brilliant plan.   ahchoo.  the tape.  aah.  aah.  aah.   whew, what an unbelievable stroke of luck.  i'm ok.  i'm still better than curse you, perry the platypus.  oh, there you are, perry.   come on, guys, we still have one thing left to do.  announcer: and the winner of today's ..  marty the rabbit boy and his musical blender.  oh, give him a hand.  he's going to hollywood.  hey, candace. what's wrong.  i'm better than that guy.  oh, i should have taken blender lessons.  so, why did you run off earlier.  my brothers.  they always ruin everything.  well, you like to sing, right.  yeah.  then you shouldn't let your brothers' fun ruin your good time.  you know, if you get a chance to sing, you ought to sing.  i gotta go. i'll see you later.   phineas: hey, candace.  you're still the hundredth contestant.  want to come up and help us out.   bow chicka bow wow    that's what my baby says    mow mow mow    and my heart starts pumping    chicka chicka choo wah    never gonna stop    getchy getchy goo means that i love you    i said bow chicka bow wow    that's when my baby says    mow mow mow    my heart starts pumping    chicka chicka choo wah    never gonna stop    getchy getchy goo means that i love you    getchy getchy goo means that i love you    getchy getchy goo means that i love you    baby    baby    baby    baby, baby, baby, baby    getchy, getchy goo means that i love you    that was great.  i've been thinking of my brothers all wrong.  they're not a nuisance, they're my ticket tothanks, you've been great.  this is the last time we're ever gonna sing that song.  we're retiring. good night.  announcer: the mall is now closed and will reopen at 9 a.m. tomorrow.  thank you for shopping with us.   she's lindana   i'm lindana   ..   announcer: you loved herin the eighties.  get readyto love her again.  lindana's mega hit,i'm lindana and i wanna have fun has been remixedand retranslated ..  captioning made possible bydisneyabc cable networks group captioning performed bythe national captioning institute, inc.  ..  hey, mom,what you watching.  oh, nothing.   she wants to have fun    i wanna, wannahave fun, fun, fun   ha ha ha. al is gonna love her room.  thethe flowery thingies are perfect for my little princess.  hey, check it out.  the wallpaper glue dried my fingers together.  haha. hiyah.  dude, that's awesome. give it up.  ohh.  come on, guys. stop messing around. all right.  to do this job right, you need to focus ..  and a root beer.  hi, daddy.  i like the new wallpaper, and i'm glad you're not finished yet, because you're really going to love this.  pink fur wallpaper.  watch daddy's little girl make us put up her new wallfur.  don't you love it.  uh, but what about the little flowers.  that's a little young for me.  i think i'm ready for this.  you know, now that i think about it, this pattern does look like my boxers.  i almost didn't get the pink fur because the guy at the store said only a professional could put it up, but he doesn't know my dad.  ha ha. well, you got that right.  the russo boys are on it.  we're going to need more glue.  yeah, but i thought we were gonna work on my room next.  your room's good enough.  good enough for justin's room, maybe.  not for the jman.  wait, who's the jman.  me. that's my nickname.  yeah. who calls you that.  lots of people.  you know, not at school, but around the neighborhood.  ok, a couple.  me, mostly.  but that's just we haven't redone my room.  your room looks great.  no, justin's right.  we shouldn't forget about him.  that's why he should have this wallpaper.  i'm comfortable being forgotten.  it'll totally tie together your little action figures and the big water stain from where the roof leaked.  i was going to paint over that water stain, but you know what.  this wallpaper would look way better.  come on, guys, let's go before it dries. let's hustle.  fun and games are over.  dad, i was kidding.  you got to show me how you do that.  unless you want to be daddy's little girl, i can't help you.  but that shirt's got you halfway there.   well, you know everything's gonna be a breeze    that the end will, no doubt, justify the means    you can fix any problem with the slightest of ease    yes, please    but you might find out it'll go to your head    when you write a report on a book you never read   ith a snap of your fingers, you can make your bed    that's what i said    everything is not what it seems    when you can get all you wanted    in your wildest dreams    you might run into trouble if you go to extremes    because everything is not what it seems    everything is not what it seems    when you can have what you want    by the simplest of means    be careful not to mess with the balance of things    because everything is not what it seems   captioning made possible bydisney abc cable networks group honey, you didn't make a giant burrito out of max again, did you.  no, mom.it's no fun anymore. he likes it.  they're rugsfor my room.  i found itin the basement.  honey, you knowyou're not supposed to be going down there.  well, daddy saidi could take whatever i wantfrom down there.  oh. well, all right.  we like to put up a united front, so fine.  and if you see him, could you tell him i need to talk to him.   oh, my gosh.what happened to you guys.  what happened was,alex got pink fur wallpaper and we just finishedhanging it up for her.  mom, will youvacuum us off.  here'sthe crevice device. be careful.  i don't want to be vacuumed.  i'm wearing this to school tomorrow.   so, justin,how's your room coming along.  i have girl wallpaper.  are you ok with that.  no. i got to make it a man's room.  i need man stuff.  ok, like what.  ..pictures of girls on motorcycles and my favorite bandtears of blood. t.o.b.  stands for tears of blood.  i got it.  listen, that sounds awesome, and, like, i'll probably not be visiting your room that often.  but if you want some real scary stuff, dad's chair shaped like a baseball glove it's in the basement.  oh, that's awesome.  baseball glove chair. hoohoo.  i knew you didn't throw it away.  can't wait to sit in it.  man on radio: and now, at number 4, previously at number 6, "  flying carpet. random.  ohh.  ahh.  fits like a glove.  hey, it is.  listen, that's going to justin's room.  butguys, ch )