 enjoy the show.    man: evil.  wait.  you.  await.  evil.  awaits.  director: cut. cut.  oh, come on.  sorry, agent p.  carl has been taking some film classes, and now believes i'm stifling his "creativity" as my cameraman.  own.  one can only imagine what he's doing.  two can discuss it between themselves.  more than two is, frankly, a waste of our resources.  good luck, agent p.  okay, once more with feeling.  the agency isn't paying for these classes, are they, carl.  i have read every book on the history of rock music.  gosh, baljeet, rock 'n' roll isn't about books, it's about letting go and having fun.  rock 'n' roll is a way for you to tell the world how you feel.  feel about what.  expressing yourself.  i mean, what do you do when you're angry.  math.  okay, what about when you're sad.  math.  happy.  math.  you wanna do math.  i do not know if there is so much cause and effect.  i do a lot of math.  the feelings come and go.  stacy: what kind of concert is this.  it's the summer rocks graduation concert.  jeremy's friend coltrane is an instructor.  look, there they are.  stacy: oh, that's coltrane.  he's really cute.  hm, i guess he is.  hey, wait a minute.  you like coltrane.  well, i've never actually talked to him before, butquick, what should we do.  hide. no, wait.  pretend you're a talent scout.  ooh, here, i think i have a fake mustache on me.  let's just go over and say hi.  what do you think it means when a girl leaves a fake mustache at your house.  candace: hi, guys.  hey, gals.  ha, "gals." yeah, that's me.  "the gal." gosh, when did you start calling me that.  hi, i'm stacy.  hey, how you doing, stacy.  i'm coltrane.  i like your hair.  thanks. i like your bow.  let me show you around.  cool.  hey, coltrane and stacy.  that was easy. what.  . doofenshmirtz evil incorporated .   doofenshmirtz: congratulations.  it's a platypus.  what do you think of my new nannyinator.  nice, huh.  you know what time it is.  evil story time.  see, i wrote my new evil scheme in popup book format.  once upon a time, yesterday, like a quarter to 6, i was watching a nature documentary, and i learned how before a baby's born, it's constant companion is the soothing, steady beat of its mother's heart.  even after it's born, the sound of the mother's heartbeat continues to be a safe, calming beacon to a growing child, in some case, up until their early 30s.  suddenly i was struck with a brilliant idea.  to project the sound of my own heartbeat across the city, causing all the babies to believe that i am their leader.  like the pied piper, except with babies.  i will have a mighty baby army and no one would fight back.  because, you know, they're babies.  finally the time came for me to tell you my evil plan in popup book form. andoh, ii'm sorry, the book seems to have caught up to us in real time.  anyway, behold: the bumbuminator rock's not about getting good grades and following the rules.  it's about rebellion.  it's about using music to express your true feelings and emotions.  just play how you feel.   baljeet, that'sthat's just an a chord.  i feel like i want an a.  this is gonna be harder than we thought.  do you think could teach me how to play bass.  let's see if you have big bassplayer hands.   uh, excuse me for a second.  i have to go talk to my friend in the bushes.  cool. i gotta go get this show started. )