 ndace: mom, the remote's not working.  you know, you could get up and walk five feet and change the channel the old fashioned way.  be for real, mom. i'd rather watch this stupid nature show.  i'll get batteries while i'm out.  man : this week on walking with nature: one of the world's slowest creatures, chelonia mydas, the sea turtle.  five feet, huh.  nah, still not worth it.  well, ferb, time to make the sunniest day ever.  i guess it's already as sunny as it's gonna get.  wow, it's not even lunchtime and we're already done with today's project.  think about it, ferb.  that means we have the rest of the day to do another project.  it's like having two days in one.  can't ask for better than that.  hey, perry, do you have any cool ideas for projects.   that's an egg.  perry laid an egg.  you know what this means, don't you.  we're gonna have two perrys.  congratulations, old boy, you're gonnahey, where's perry.   how did you like our new pneumatic transporter.  i used it myself this morning.  what. oh, who am i kidding.  the new pneumatic transporter sucks.  i mean, literally sucked every piece of hair off my body.  anyhoo, doofenshmirtz has bought up the tristate's entire supply of krill.  krill.  karl: krill is a small shrimplike creature that plays an important role in the diet of the humpback whale.  hmph. krill.  you know, ferb, perry's egg is getting kind of cold.  no, i don't think that's gonna cut it.  this calls for desperate measures.  we need the ultimate, bestever egg hatcher.  ferb, i know what else we're gonna do today.  five feet for popcorn, fine.  five feet to change a channel, i don't think so.  tv narrator: this turtle is seeing the world for the first time.  hey, this little fella's kind of cute.  here's one that's found himself in the unforgiving position of being stuck on his back.  watch as he instinctively turns to his stomach.  whoa. cool.  but the sea turtles' struggles are just beginning.  without the protection of their mother, they face many predators.  as you can see, they make easy prey, even though the safety of the ocean is a mere five feet away.   all right, ferb, let's get our nurture on.  easy does it. there.   activating temperature control. )