contents kermit appears in the show's o. it's the muppet show, with our very special guest star, miss juliet prowse. the banner rises, and the theme begins. it's time to play the music it's time to light the lights it's time to meet the muppets on the muppet show tonight. it's time to put on makeup it's time to dress up right it's time to raise the curtain on the muppet show tonight. the curtain opens on fozzie. hey, have i got an opening joke for you tonight.  you're  oh, you're gonna love this. these two ... the curtain closes. to introduce our guest star, that's what i'm here to do. so it really makes me happy to introduce to you  miss juliet prowse. but now let's get things started on the most sensational, inspirational celebrational, muppetational this is what we call the muppet show. gonzo]] ends up charred when he hits the o with his mallet and it explodes. main stage. kermit enters to applause. thank you. thank you. hey, listen, it's another great show, folks. i mean, tonight our guest star is one of the truly great dancers of the world, the one and only miss juliet prowse. and, if that weren't enough, we've also got mahna mahna. whatever that means. mahna mahna and the snowths perform the classic variety show number, "mahna mahna." as the song draws to a close, mahna mahna dances his way backstage and out of the muppet theater. soon after he has disappeared, the phone rings. hello. ok. just a second. it's for you.  mahna mana. applause. the question is, what is a "mahna mahna". the question is, who cares. kermit sips a glass of milk through a straw.  uh, think about this, friends. he takes two more sips. enter scooter and a white dog. hey, boss, muppy and i wanted to talk to you about the act we're doing on the show tonight. uh, scooter, you're not doing an act on the show tonight. oh, gee, my uncle who owns this theater thought of this act, didn't he.  uh, uh, tell us about the act you're doing on the show tonight. oh, it's called "simon smith and his amazing dancing dog." yeah, i sing this song, see, and muppy here does this cute, adorable, sweet, sugary little dance. muppy demonstrates the dance. well, it sounds, says the frog, displaying his artistic judgment, sappy. gee, my uncle thought it was  it sounds, says the frog, displaying his will to survive, wonderful. yeah, it's great. he'll love it. i'm certainly. i've often thought of muppy here as about the cutest little fellow around. muppy bites kermit's hand and wrestles with it. he thinks of himself as a killer. let me outta here. he pulls himself away and goes onstage. muppy sips from the glass of milk. aw, that dumb dog. whoa. i'm onstage. wow. ahem. uh, now that i'm here, let me take this opportunity to present the muppet show's resident artist gonzo the great. the curtain opens to a fanfare. oh, thank you. thank you very much. thank you. tonight, ladies and gentlemen, i will eat this rubber tire to the music of "the flight of the bumblebee." music, maestro. gonzo begins eating the tire as music plays. he's doing it. he's eating a tire. amazing. astounding. boring. the crowd starts booing gonzo. kermit, watching from the wings, now wears a tuxedo that matches gonzo's. looks like it's another wipeout for gonzo. gonzo comes backstage. aw, yokels.  what do they know about art. he spits out some rubber as he walks away. hey, kermit, muppy wants you to know he's very sorry he bit you. oh, yeah. he wants you to know he's very grateful you're letting him do the "simon smith" number. oh, well, that's nice. he wants you to know he wants his own dressing room and star billing. what. who is this crazy dog. he's my uncle's favorite pet. scooter departs. muppy licks kermit. juliet comes out of her dressing room. applause. hello there, miss prowse, hey, listen, is everything ok. any complaints. no, none whatsoever. except that i've never had to share my dressing room before with a man who eats a tire. i told gonzo to dress in the alley. hey, listen, i gotta go introduce you. uh, you look beautiful. beautiful.   he's sweet. for a frog. ladies and gentlemen, the lovely miss juliet prowse. juliet dances to "solace" with the green gazelles. the number uses the black light theater technique to mask the puppeteers portraying the gazelles. juliet vanishes into the background at the end of the song. hey, she just vanished. how did she do that. probably like this.  yup. that's probably how she did it. couples dance in a ballroom. mildred dances with george the janitor. mmm. you're such a smooth dancer. ever since we've started i feel like my feet have never touched the floor. they haven't. you've been standing on mine. oops. miss piggy dances with another pig. do you prefer shakespeare to bacon. i prefer anything to bacon. a purple monster dances with a woman. you mind if i smoke. if you insist. thanks. smoke comes out of his head and fills the ballroom. the others start coughing.  smoke's not bothering you, is it. manager. rowlf sits at the piano and plays. at this time i would like to present my rendition  of one of the great songs of our time. that everpopular classic, "you and i and george." "but why," you ask, as well you should, "have i never heard this great song of our times."  the fact is, nobody has ever heard of this everpopular classic. in its only recording, "you and i and george" sold two copies. i bought one and george bought one.  where were you. he plays an opening vamp. my own mother turns down her hearing aid when i sing this song. you and i and george were strolling  through the park one day. and then  you held my hand. as if to say  "i looooooove yooooou." then  we passed a brook. and george  fell in and drowned himself  and floated  out to sea leaving you  aloooone with meeeee. applause. you know, that number you did was just beautiful, juliet. well, thank you, kermit. you know, i'm really happy to be here with you and all the muppets. you know something. i've never talked to a frog before. well, we're just like anyone else. a little more jumpy maybe. but uh, you know, we have our hopes and our dreams. oh, yeah. well, what are some of your dreams. well, uh  ahem. you may just think i'm gilding the lily pad here, but, as a tadpole, i always wanted to be a dancer. oh. but uh, you know what they say: the first thing to go on a frog are his legs. you know, that's what they say.  that's funny, i never knew that frogs had a sense of humor. oh, well, we have to. listen, yyou meet a frog without a sense of humor and you're looking at a green lump. well, let's just face it, julie. your average frog doesn't have a lot going for him in the looks department. oh, i don't know. i think you're quite attractive. really. mmhm. you're not just saying that because you're a guest. well, certainly not. in fact, i'd go as far as to say that you are the robert redford of frogs. oh. wow. hey, listen, everybody, d'you hear that. juliet prowse thinks i'm the robert redford of frogs. hey, you're gonna be coming back on this show a lot.  hey, listen. have you ever kissed robert redford. aw, no, i haven't. well, how about  ahem  kissing the next best thing. you mean to tell me that paul newman is here. a beat. i mean me, the robert redford of frogdom. ah. my pleasure.  whoo. more. more. less. less.  ok. stand by for the western sketch. hey, kermit, kermit. hm. hey, uh    does this sound like john wayne. will you get onstage, fozzie. fozzie does so. enter scooter. hey, kermit. huh. yeah, now that muppy is doing the big "simon smith" number, well, he only has one other suggestion. listen, i already gave him his own dressing room. what more does he want. well, it's about the title of the show. uh, look. main stage. kermit enters. ladies and gentlemen, it's cowboy time. open on a saloon in the old west. rowlf plays piano. i'd been playing saloon piano in snake city for three years. it was the roughest town in the west. i mean, we had some mean customers. howdy, rowlf. uh, hello, miss kitty.  i mean, they were tough. after three years i thought i'd seen it all. i'd seen the clanton brothers, the younger brothers, the james brothers  not to mention the osmond brothers. but when kid fozzie came to town, i knew i hadn't seen nothin'. fozzie enters, aiming a pair of pickles and talking in a deep voice. all right, everybody. reach for the floor. beg pardon. reach for the floor. this is a stickdown. you're confused, kid. you ain't got no guns. those are pickles. the patrons laugh. fozzie glances at the pickles. that's right, folks. there he is, the fastest gherkin in the west. the patrons laugh. you got a license to carry them pickles. the patrons laugh. hey, whwhen you get shot by a pickle at close range, do you get garlic burns. the patrons laugh. all right, you asked for it. he fires the pickles in all directions, knocking down the chandelier. the bartender hands him a bag.  sorry, kid, i didn't know the pickles were loaded. here's your money. rowlf aims a revolver at fozzie. all right, kid, don't make a move. i got you covered. throw down your pickles. ok.  i don't need guns to fight you. i'll get you with my knife. he whips out a carrot. rowlf knocks it out of fozzie's hand. will you stop with the vegetables. boy, you shouldn't have done that. i'm a desperate bear, ready for desperate measures. he takes out an applebomb with a lit fuse. the patrons scream. oh, no. it's an apple. and don't tell me  yes. the fuse is lit.  the fuse is lit. he tosses the apple. boom. it explodes. when the smoke clears, rowlf goes back to the piano and resumes playing. and that's how it was, the day kid fozzie came into town. applause. that's one of the reasons i always thought the muppets were weird. why's that. they think explosions are funny. yes. explosions aren't funny. bang. stapler's cigar explodes. although some of them are really quite droll.  juliet, what has one eye, sharp teeth and is long and fuzzy. i don't know. i don't know either, but you're wearing it. hiya, toots. she screams. it screams and flees off her neck. kermit looks around. muppy goes upstairs. scooter is in costume. rowlf walks by them. muppy, scooter, you're on next. it's no use, kermit. what. muppy says if you won't change the title of the show, he's not going on. he's locked himself in his dressing room and he's not coming out. yeah, but the "simon smith" number's on next. i know, i know. what are we gonna do. kermit. kermit. kermit. how come i'm not doing an act this week. hm. uh... uh, congratulations, fozzie, you're doing an act this week. scooter and kermit go onstage. sometimes i can be very persuasive. main stage. kermit enters. ladies and gentlemen, "simon smith and his amazing dancing bear." dressed like a ringmaster, a mustachioed scooter does most of the singing and dancing, while fozzie, who is being led around the stage on a chain, hams it up all around him. rowlf accompanies the duo on piano in the background. say, waldorf, i was wondering if maybe you ...  darn, i'd better get some new batteries for my hearing aid.  i fool him every time. waldorf smacks him in the face. kermit corrals a group of pigs, chickens and frogs. ok, uh, muppet glee club, muppet glee club onstage, please. muppet glee club. ok. all right, everybody in position, please. ok. everybody ready. the muppet glee club. one and two and  he starts conducting. nothing happens. uh, uh  wait, wait, wait. something is amiss here. i thought it was lovely. you wave that stick wonderfully. yeah, when it comes to stick waving, kermit wrote the book. uh, well, thank you, thank you. i do appreciate that kind comment, but uh, i would like to point out to all assembled here that this is a glee club. oh, yes, that is what our letterhead says. yeah. so when i wave this stick so wonderfully, i would like to hear something.  we were remiss in that regard. ok. here we go. one more time. the muppet glee club. one and two and  they all sing different songs at once. wait, wait, wait, hold, hold, hold. hold it, hold it. hold it. hold it. hold it. stop. how shall i say this. uh, excuse me, friends, but uh, to my ears at least, it would help a lot if you were all singing the same song.  oh, i love it. it's so wild. the frog is a genius. he's awful cute too. it really doesn't matter what song you sing, as long as we all agree to the song that we're going to sing.  ok. ok. now, does anybody here have a favorite song.  yes. uh, uh, wwhat song is that.  "temptation". since there seems to be some consensus of opinion here, the muppet glee club will now render "temptation." piggy, honey. hm. you can take the solo. yes, my love. ok. here we go.  i love him. the muppet glee club, "temptation." one and two and  the glee club begins an a cappella rendition of "temptation." kermit lets piggy take the solo in her first featured performance, and when her cue comes, she marches down the risers and throws herself at kermit while he conducts, ultimately pinning him to the ground before chasing him offstage. hey, juliet, i want to tell you what a pleasure it was to have you with us on the show. oh, kermit, i really enjoyed it. aw. and as a little token of our appreciation, we have a muppet likeness of you right here. oh, how sweet. i know you'd rather have the cash, but ... no, no, no, kermit. this is just wonderful. uh, can i come home with you. well, of course you can. she's not as pretty as you, you know, but ... oh, kermit, thank you.  ooh. thank you. and thank you all for joining us. we'll see you all next time on the muppet show. the credits roll. well, what did you think. beats sitting home watching television. mahna mahna. ) )