contents theater entrance. pops sneezes into a handkerchief. roger moore enters. well, who are you. well, i'm tonight's guest star, roger moore. that's funny, i coulda swore you were that james bond fella from the movies. well, you mustn't believe everything you see in the movies. i mean, all that secret agent spy stuff is only make believe. roger walks away. okay, young fella, if you say so. once roger leaves, pops starts speaking into a walkietalkie. hello, this is agent pops to control. do you read me.  go ahead, agent pops. yeah, 007 just passed check poyebo headed your wa  aack. roger sneaks up from behind and puts him in a headlock. all right, who're you working for. the frog. the frog.  hmm. that's funny. so am i.  it's the muppet show, with our very special guest star, roger moore. yaaayyy. the curtain opens, and the theme begins. gonzo's trumpet sounds like a coach's whistle, and so a soccer ball is thrown at him, pushing the trumpet down his throat. main stage. kermit enters. thank you, thank you, thank you, and welcome again to the muppet show. and it's going to be a wonderful show tonight, because our special guest is james bond, secret agent 007, known secretly to his millions of fans as movie star roger moore.  yes. but first, meet the vikings, those cruel, heartless scandinavian marauders whose savage brutality earned them the reputation worst human beings in history  the swedish chef, taking offense, whacks kermit with a pan, and exits. uh, i'm sorry about that. uh, ladies and gentlemen, uh  the vikings, those gentle, quaint, funloving old charmers. open on a quaint little village by the coast. a viking pig ship approaches. the head viking blows a horn, and the villagers scramble away. the pigs sing in the navy as they pillage the town and recruit the villagers, including the ducks, cows, sheep, goats and chickens. tell me, statler, did you ever have any naval experience. well, i once saved a rat from drowning. really. how. i gave him mousetomouse resuscitation. they chuckle. kermit speaks through the intercom. upstairs, annie sue practices some lines. okay, roger moore's number is next. on stage, roger and miss piggy. the viking pigs walk past him. way to go, vikings. nicely pillaged. mort mrks, vrdug brdsk.  mmm. tell that to the chef. scooter and beauregard approach, carrying cream pies. hey kermit, you want us to put these pies on stage. uh, no. why. well, don't you remember. when i asked you what we were gonna do for that big james bond number with roger moore, you said use pies. no no no, not pies, i said spies. oh. how embarrassing. miss piggy walks past them. oh, oh, yes, uh, never mind, listen, i gotta introduce roger's first number. just get rid of those pies. you mean throw them away. yeah.  okay.  wha  oh. watch out.. on stage, a pie hits kermit in the face. uh, excuse the, uh, excuse the pie, folks. it's all part of the show. ahem. um, and now a man who needs no introduction, so what am i doing out here. uh, ladies and gentlemen, roger moore. yaaaayy. the curtain opens, revealing roger and piggy in a fancy penthouse setting. oh. come sit, roger. roger sits next to piggy on the couch, setting two champagne glasses on the table. oh. roger, i'm so glad you asked me up here. well, actually, i didn't ask you. oh. well, heh, roger, mon amour, you know we are meant to be, vous et moi. vous et moi. nous. who. we. oh, oui, oui, oui, oui. what are you trying to say, miss piggy. she gets close to him as she sings. oh  i'd love to get you, roger, on a slow boat to china, all to myself  alone i can't believe that she's singing to me.  get you and keep you in my arms evermore  look, look, piggy, i must be honest, i have a date. leave all your ladies weeping on the faraway shore. yes, but what about kermit. he's your true love. out on the briny, oh roger, where the moon's big and shiny. i'm not green. i don't have flippers. melting your heart of stone  just look, my eyes don't bulge, i don't eat flies  i'm not your type. oh. i'd like to take you on a slow boat to china piggy, you are wrinkling the lapels. all to myself, haha, alone. please, you really must stop. oh, roger, i know what you're thinking. i doubt that. yes, you are thinking that you are a man and  i am a pig. why would i think that. oh, roger. silly, dear, dear roger, it can work. roger  we can make it work.. yes. but i don't want to make it work.  oh.. i'd love to get you on a ssssssslow boat to china not even concorde. all to myself, aloooooooooone  piggy, my date'll be here any second  she starts showering him with kisses. oh roger. mwah. mwah. mwah. miss piggy. piggy. you'll ruin your date  the song ends. the doorbell rings. annie sue enters. roger, i'm here. roger walks over to her. annie sue, how lovely you look.  this is your date. yes, we're going to the opening of hamlet. put off the lights, will you. roger and annie sue exit. piggy walks over to roger's picture on the table, and gives it a karate chop. quite a touching scene. ohohseven and sevenohoh.  sevenohoh.  is that miss piggy's code name. no, it's her weight. they chuckle. her weight. roger and annie sue walk off stage. in the background, gaffer cleans herself. okay, nice number, nice number. thank you, annie sue. thank you.  roger, you were great. oh, thank you, kermit. by the way, do you use pies on the show. spies. no, pies. well  maybe down in the canteen. on stage. i, i don't think so. why. i just trod in one. angle on his foot. a rat with a spoon passes by and follows him upstairs. gee. he's so suave, i never would have noticed unless he mentioned it.  okay, lew zealand, you're on. lew zealand enters the stage to a row of five fish. heh heh heh heh. yeah, here i am, lew zealand and my fabulous singing fish. heh heh heh heh. with our rendition of you light up my life. heh, maestro, please. music begins. lew plays the fish like a row of horns, until he is yanked offstage by a hook. piggy, dressed for veterinarian's hospital, yanks lew off stage with the hook and pulls him aside.  listen, fishfreak, we are trying to put on a classy show here. you can't treat me like that. i'll sic my pet barracuda on you. get 'er, fred.  aaaah. get that slimy thing away from me.   okay, vet's hospital on in three minutes. kamikaze attack. banzai. piggy ducks as lew throws the fish at her. she gets up and notices roger, who just came down from the dressing room. oh. haha. roger, how was hamlet. it was canceled. we saw pygmalion instead. piggy runs off in a huff. good riddance, shortsnout. kermit, is it always like this on the show. uh, well, how do you mean. all this craziness. oh, well, this is a rather quiet show for us. no unforeseen disasters so far. the vet's hospital cast tramples over kermit as they rush towards the stage. hurry up, guys. all right, all right, all right  i just hit the frog. watch out...  unforeseen disasters. uh, uh, well, that's a disaster that we knew about all along. pan across the operating room as the opening music plays. piggy walks to the table, which has a viking pig as the patient. and now, veterinarian's hospital, the continuing stooooory of a quack who's gone to the dogs. well, nurse piggy, ready to save another life. yes, dr. bob. good. send the patient to another hospital.   dr. bob, this is a special patient. can't you tell by looking at him.  yes, he looks like a very unlucky bullfighter  gored right through the gourd.   down, boy. dr. bob, that is a helmet and he is a viking. i know all about 'em. they come from denmark. one of my ancestors was a viking. oh, this isn't going to be a great dane joke, is it. well, it's a dane joke, but i wouldn't call it great.   dr. bob, no more jokes just because he's danish. well, don't blame me. i ordered a roll, not a danish.   brother. gotta keep 'em coming, fast and furious. why not try fast and funny.   just hurry it up, will ya. i've gotta get back to my plundering and pillaging.  down, boy. listen, my ancestor the viking was terrible at plundering and pillaging. he was. yes, he blundered his plundering and he was stupid with his pillaging.   how stupid was he. they called him the pillage idiot.   and so we come to the end of another veterinarian's hospital. tune in again next week, when you'll hear dr. bob say  good night, and may the good lord take a viking to you.   ah ha ha ha. viking to you. ha ha ha ha. in the orchestra pit, rowlf, zoot, janice, floyd, animal, lips and trumpet girl perform an instrumental of "how high the moon." the opening sequence plays. and now  ridding the world of evil, here comes bear on patrol. police station. chief link looks in the mirror while fitting a new toupee. oh  oh great, you found my frisbee. it is not a frisbee, it is my toupee. it's a good thing i ordered a new one. a knock on the door. oh. that must be the visiting toupee representative, and you know what that means. yes. the wigman. the salesman enters. this could be your lucky day. well, i certainly hope so. the salesman sets a suitcase down on the table, opens it, and takes out a pair of handcuffs. these are the very latest  he puts one of the cuffs on fozzie. that is not a wig. it is not a wig. it would look dumb and they would slide off my head. no, these will never slide off.  whoa. wait. sir. sir, you're oh.  sir, sir, sir whoa. sir. sir. yeah. get the picture. yes. you are a handcuff salesman.  i don't think we need any handcuffs today, sir. see,  he loses the key. ohhhh. here, you try 'em. he snaps the other cuff on link. what are you do i don't like this. wait a minoh. whoa. sir. whoa. link yanks fozzie while trying to get loose. yeah. they're good, all right. i don't know, there's something about them i just don't like. well, they do have some drawbacks. how do you get them off. that's one of the biggest. he swiftly strips link and fozzie down to their underwear, making off with their uniforms and valuables. wait, hold it. you can't leave us like this. you're right. here's fifty cents. he tosses two quarters. what's that for. get yourself a decent frisbee. he wheelbarrows the entire contents of the station away. kermit talks on the phone. hello, secret service. uh, this is kermit the frog, speaking from the muppet theater. uh, listen, i need to hire a bunch of spies for a closing number.  mmhm. how fast can you get here. he is immediately cornered by three frackle spies. uh, uh, that was pretty fast.  all right, who gave you the secret service phone number. no one. it's in the yellow pages. it is. mmhm. listen, all i wanted was some reallife spies for a closing number. it's a big spy spectacular featuring 007, james bond. james bond. don't worry. we'll fix 'im.  what. yeah, you won't be bothered by him again. yeah. at last, a chance to get james bond. hey guys  the spies laugh, then quickly depart. roger comes out of his dressing room. kermit. excuse me, kermit, everything ready for the closing number. uh, it's all fixed up, roger, and it's going to be absolutely and totally  oh, it'll be cute, don't worry. uh, cute was the only thing i hadn't worried about. but, kermit, i'm going to sing talk to the animals, surrounded by oodles of cute, fluffy little creatures.  you'll be surprised. i'll be surprised. i already am. meanwhile, the spies hide behind the circus set. cute fluffy animals, huh. good thing we're masters of instant disguise. the spies chuckle as kermit encounters them. good thing you're what. the spies pop out wearing furry costumes. cute fluffy animals.  what the hey. the splitscreen montage plays as louis announces. this is louis kazagger, from the woodland hills, nevada, salt flats, where we are now in the fifth week of the annual dwight d. eisenhower memorial crosscountry billiards tournament. pan over to a forest clearing. here at the far turn, it appears that topseated rodney rugg is in the lead. a cue ball lands. rodney hits it with his cue, then runs after it. another player passes him. however, eager young swedish hopeful boo mortmorkson is pulling up fast with only three and a half miles to go. mortmorkson approaches his cue ball, hits it, and follows it. wait a minute. what a game, folks. boo has overshot the course, and landed in a trap. a deer emerges, with the ball in his antler. a moose trap, that is. i'm not a moose. i'm a deer. mortmorkson encounters the deer. the deer dodges as mortmorkson tries to hit the ball. he chases after the deer, yelling out as if it were a mating call. and that's all for now, from muppet sports. open on newsman in newsroom. here is a muppet newsflash.  an international spy ring is trying to sneak ridiculous stories into the news. fortunately, with the tight security in the muppet newsroom, it can't happen here.  in other news, a black and yellow striped mackerel was elected king this morning and    art. yes. where have you been. oh, i've been showing his majesty around the newsroom. the king fish enters. holy mackerel. no, your highness will do. would you like to be knighted. uh, of course. okay. good night. scooter is surrounded by a menagerie of cute, fluffy animals for the closing number. he tries to stop a gopher from drinking out of kermit's coffee mug. uh, don't drink that, i don't think kermit  aww  no, no, please don't touch  upstairs, the spies gather in disguise. the next musical number is where we get bond.  just go down there, mingle with the other animals, and act cute and cuddly.  let go. let go. let go. uh, scooter, scooter, listen, i gotta go introduce the finale. now, some of these animals are spies.  uh, you gotta get rid of the spies. but how. uh, well, tell them there are no spies in the closing number. you just say, spies, go home.  okay, mingle, mingle  uh  there are no spies in the closing number.  spies, go home.  kermit, nobody's goin' home. main stage. kermit enters. uh, well, folks, we were going to do a big james bond closing number, with spies and counterspies and action and mayhem,  but we're not going to do that. please. uh, so uh, here he is, that gentle, funloving charmer, roger moore. the curtain opens on a circus setting. roger strolls around. if i could talk to the animals, just imagine it. talking to a chimp in chimpanzee. hi, rog.  imagine talking to a tiger  rapping with a rabbit what a happy habit that would be. if i could talk to the animals  learn our languages  maybe take an animal degree i'd study elephant, and eagle, buffalo, and beagle, alligator, guinea pig, and flea. scratch the flea. i'd learn to parlez vous avec my poodle. with my g'nu  your g'noodle would expand. and if they asked me, can you handle an afghan.  you'd say  i havegan. and you'd get a hand. if i conferred with my furry friends, man to animal, there would be no animosity. if i could walk with the animals, talk with the animals  grunt and squeak and squawk with the animals  and they could talk. to. me. uh, excuse me, roger, but aren't you also 007, james bond. well, sometimes.  oh, i hope this is one of those times. why. because those new guys over there are spies. not spies, pies. i trod in one earlier. the head spy hands him a lit bomb. candygram. roger tosses away the bomb, then proceeds to fend off the spies' attack flawlessly as he continues the song. i'll have a talk to the animals, trade a thought or two in language i think they'll comprehend. and to the music of scarlatti, some judo and karate, i'll prove i'm strong enough to make them bend. communication is what we need, then they'll understand, things can always end up peacefully. when i've explained to the animals, brained all the animals, fought and taught and trained all the animals, they won't talk back  to  me. the animals cheer and gather around him.  now that you've talked to the animals, who needs other tongues. i can speak your language fluently. now i can walk with the animals, talk to the animals, grunt and squeak and squawk with the animals  and they can talk. to. me. applause. kermit comes on stage. and as we explode gently into the west, we hope you got as big a bang out of tonight's show as we did. a bomb explodes behind him, startling him. uh, but before we go, let us say thank you to a very courageous and brave and foolhardy guest, ladies and gentlemen, roger moore. yaaaay. thank you, kermit. i've had a wonderful time, and i have certainly learnt my lesson. uh, well, what lesson is that. well, from now on, i am through with cute, cuddly little animals. he is then surrounded by ugly muppets who get cozy around him. thanks to this show, i shall stick to the sick, weird, disgusting animals i can trust. well, uh, that's all for now. we'll see you next time on the muppet show. the credits roll. well, i guess i'll go talk to the animals. what animals. the wife and kids. they chuckle. ) )