contents kermit appears in the show's o. it's the muppet show, with our special guest star, mr. peter ustinov. the banner rises, and the theme begins. it's time to play the music it's time to light the lights it's time to meet the muppets on the muppet show tonight. it's time to put on makeup it's time to dress up right it's time to raise the curtain on the muppet show tonight. the curtain opens on fozzie. hey  the little problems in life drive me crazy. like, what do you send to a sick florist. huh. huh. the curtain closes. to introduce our guest star, that's what i'm here to do. so it really makes me happy to introduce to you  mr. peter ustinov. muppets gather around peter. but now let's get things started on the most sensational, inspirational celebrational, muppetational this is what we call the muppet show. gonzo gets his drumstick stuck in the sign. main stage. kermit enters to applause. thank you, thank you, and hello, dear friends, and welcome to this potpourri of mirth and madness we call the muppet show. hey, we're especially excited around here tonight, because our guest star is mr. peter ustinov. he is a man for all seasons, an actor, a director, a writer, plus being a great raconteur. uh, that's, that's french for "tennis player." i think. anyway, we're also fortunate in having with us an offshoot of the world famous boston pops orchestra  just the wind section  but i think it's gonna be a thrill for us all so let's open the show with an evening at the pops. an orchestra of balloonheaded musicians  perform lo delibes' "pizzicato" as a parody of "an evening at the pops." mm. they say, "music hath charm to soothe a savage beast." animal starts attacking statler. waldorf laughs. such is not the case here, however. animal starts attacking waldorf. statler watches. get him. get him. the headless conductor walks by kermit. ok, ok. good bit. good bit. good ending. sorry about the head.  oh, kermit. oh, my heart. it's going, pitterpatter, pitterpatter. yeah, well, maybe you've had too much coffee. no. it's going pitterpatter over the man i've admired and loved for years. and now, to be this close to him... uh, piggy, i've told you, i don't have any time in my life for any emotional involvement right now. no, i'm talking about peter ustinov. oh. well. ahem. oh. he is a renaissance man.  oh. well, i am a leg man. dr. bunsen walks by.  oops. it's time now to introduce your new heartthrob.   mmhm. jealousy, thy name is frog. main stage. kermit enters. ok. right now, friends, i'd like you to meet our guest star, the one and only mr. peter ustinov. well, kermit, you know, it's a pleasure for me to be with you tonight. uh, it's my first experience in performing with, um  performers other than people, if you follow me. oh. uh, yeah, well, it takes some getting used to, i guess, but uh, we've worked with humans before, so just relax, take it easy, and don't sit on any of your fellow performers. well, i'll try not to, but i was going to sit down on my dressingroom chair, you know, and it walked away. oh, well, that was a muppet. see, that chair is married to the show's writer. and who's the writer. the hat rack. this show was written by a hat rack. ha. oh, well  that's extraordinary. well, you see, anything can be a muppet. in fact, in this next sketch, you are going to be a muppet. i'm going to be a muppet. mmhm. trust me. just stand by for a big showbizstyle introduction, ok. oh, delightful. a hat rack.  incredible. ladies and gentlemen, you are about to witness one of the wonders of modern science as envisioned by the incredible mr. peter ustinov. we take you now to muppet labs. open on dr. bunsen. hello, i'm doctor bunsen honeydew, and here at muppet labs we think we have finally made a major scientific breakthrough in the field of international statesmanship. so, it is with incalculable pride that i give you the new robot politician. pan over to the politician  peter. yes, this electronic politician will end corruption in government forever. and furthermore, it is absolutely international. for instance, the robot politician would make an excellent british prime minister. watch. he turns a switch. the politician speaks.  although the skies are dark, and the road ahead is steep, yet with perseverance, we can, nay, we, ah, shall prevail. prevail. prevail. uh  thank you. and on the other hand, with equal ease, he could be an american president. he turns a switch. the politician speaks.  and i tell you, my friends, this is the greatest country in the world. stands ready to forge ahead, bring peace to the world, affluence to all nations. yes, well, enough of that. how about a russian premier. he turns a switch. the politician speaks.  the russian people will not rub the salt agreement into the wounds.  well, that's good. he ululates and starts fizzling. bunsen gives him a smack. the remote control starts smoking. bunsen messes with it as the politician switches accents. the people republic of china object to the runningdog tone of this most  the middle east bloc must stand firm in the belief  la france eternelle, plus grande que  italiano non posso piu, che  das deutsche volk muss unter allen umstanden  this means war. boom. the politician explodes. well, back to the drawing board. mr. ustinov. a masterful performance. mm. reminiscent of the late rudolph besser. rudolph besser is dead. no, he's late. he was supposed to be here at   statler, you always get me with that same dumb joke. well, maybe it's not the joke that's dumb, if you catch my drift. he laughs. waldorf sneers at him. dr. bunsen walks backstage. oh, where is he. where is that tower of talent. fozzie, are you looking for me. no, i'm looking for peter ustinov. oh. well, after that last sketch he ended up in the dressing room, where he's going over his lines. ohhhh. the actor prepares. yep. ho. oh, i tell you, kermit, appearing in a sketch with peter ustinov is the highlight of my career. um, i thought you said last week that appearing with me in a sketch was the highlight of your career. a beat. i was wrong. how can you compare yourself to  him. uh  easy. he puts on his pants just like me, one leg at a time. you don't wear any pants.  um, ok, there you are, let's see him get away with that on television.  couples dance in a ballroom. we start with the two pigs.  say, did you ever fall in love with a guy at first sight. mmhm. but it always took a while. we move on to zoot and janice you know, just once, i'd like to stand next to queen elizabeth. heh, i'd rather sit in with count basie. then to mildred and george  i find that most people don't believe what other people tell them. uh  i don't think that's true.  and finally, to rowlf and his partner. hey, you wanna stop by the punch bowl. why do they call it a punch bowl. bop. a boxing glove comes out of the bowl and punches her. that's why. main stage. sam enters. ahem. and now, in my neverending struggle to uplift these proceedings, here are two distinguished professors, doctors arnold nood and frederick nik, to discuss postdickensian economics. the curtain opens on two professors, played by peter and fozzie, each with his own podium. ok. ok. ok. tell them the story. yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah.  yeah, sure. give me a break, will you. ok. i'll give you a break. to best explain postdiekensan  whatever  whatever.  economics, let me tell you a little story. yeah, tell them the story. i'm trying. i am trying to tell them the story. shh.  once upon a time there was a man named benny. what else. what else. who was visited by his fairy godmother. fairy godmother. fairy godmother. yeah. now, benny's fairy godmother  promised him that he would live forever under one condition, see. that he never never shave again. never shave. isn't that some condition. aaahhhh. now, benny never shaved after that. and you know what. what. what. what. he lived to be 175 years old.  no. now, one day benny met a beautiful girl. oh. it happens to anyone. yeah. and he fell in what. love. yeah. wery bright. love. oh. ain't it wonderful. and the beautiful girl asked benny to shave his beard off. and when the fairy godmother heard  oh, yeah, yeah.  that benny had shaved  yeah, yeah, yeah.  why, she got that mad.  mad. she turned  she turned benny into a grecian urn.  yeah. yeah. and that only goes to prove the economic theory  "a benny shaved is a benny urned." they both crack up. i love it. rowlf plays the piano as piggy sings, close to tears. it's lonely out tonight and the feeling just got right for a brand new love song. somebodydonesomebodywrong song. ok, everybody. hey, won't you play another somebodydonesomebodywrong song. and make me feel at home while i miss my baby, while i miss my baby. so play, play for me, a sad melody, so sad that it makes everybody cry. a real hurting song about a love that's gone wrong, because i don't want to cry all alone.  hey, won't you play another somebodydonesomebodywrong song. and make me feel at home while i miss my baby, while i miss my baby. up a key. hey, won't you play another somebodydonesomebodywrong song. and make me feel at home while i miss my baby, while i miss my baby. the song concludes. piggy sobs.  oh, i miss kermit so. oh. kermit sits at his desk. hilda walks up to him. oh, kermit, that peter ustinov is wonderful.  yeah. he is quite a talented fellow, isn't he. so appreciative, so observant. the frog observes. the frog appreciates. i had just gone in to give him his costume and he looked at me, and he said: "hilda, you have the most exquisite hemstitch." is that so. imagine a big star like that, noticing an old costume lady like me. now, hilda, you know, i have many times noted that your craftsmanship as a seamstress is superb. it is, in fact, flawless, and you are a wonder. so. what does a frog know.  somehow i feel my charisma's slipping away. in his lair, svengali transforms his assistant's body as she sings. you  do  something to me. poof. she's a tiger. something that simply mystifies me. poof. she's a snake. tell me, why should it be, poof. she's a satan. you have the power to hypnotize me. poof. she's a bird. let me live 'neath your spell. do do that voodoo that  poof. she's a fish.  you do so well. for you  do  something to me poof. she's a flower. that nobody else could poof. she's a tigerdevil. nobody else could poof. she's a flowerfish. nobody else could poof. she's a snakebird. nobody else could poof. she's a svengali lookalike. oh, finally, i thought you'd never get me back to myself again. nobody else could  do. poof. svengali disappears. here's a muppet news flash.  copenhagen, denmark. dr. felix oglebomb says that after 30 years' concentrated research, he has discovered the cure for the common cold. our muppet cameras are on the scene and we'll speak with dr. oglebomb about this great medical breakthrough. dr. oglebomb. peter appears in the monitor.  yeah. yeah, i am felix oglebomb in copenhagen, denmark. yes, dr. oglebomb. can you tell us about this cure. yeah, of course. it was right under our noses, do you believe that. i'm so excited. first, you stay away from sick people. that's very important. then you wrap your head in a numbertensized brown paper bag, and you pour honey over yourself and you hold your breath for about an hour or so, eh. uh, and this will cure the common cold. positively.  and then again   yes, well, thank you very much, dr. oglebomb. remember, friends, whenever big news breaks    you certainly won't hear it here.  main stage. sam stands on the proscenium, whispering aside. music swells up, and he addresses the audience. oh. uh, once again it's inspiration time. and goodness knows, we need some. so here they are, wayne and wanda. open on wayne and wanda in a forest. the falling leaves drift by the  they are instantly buried in falling leaves. open on the panelists making chitchat as the theme plays. uh, friends, uh, once again it's time to raise the intellectual level of our program, as our panel discusses a topic of concern to thinking people everywhere: psychiatry. and tonight's panel includes our own miss piggy. kissy kissy. plus cynthia birdley.  enchantez. and our own special guest is dr. kurt von frong, who is a practicing psychiatrist.  hello, mummy. so, you are a practicing psychiatrist, doctor. ja, ja, ja. mmm. how long you been practicing. oh, 35 years. oh. isn't it time you stopped practicing and got on with it. uh, cynthia, please. don't be ridiculous. oh, no, mr. frog. it's all right. misunderstandings about p'sychiatry are common. you see, basically, it is a tool to help us deal with frustrations. otherwise we develop problems that result where. in complexes. oh, i know. my mother lives in one. yeah. one what. a complex. she lives downstairs, the murphys live upstairs. you should hear them fighting all day  they all start talking over each other. cynthia, cynthia, no, no, no, no, no. the doctor's talking about psychiatry. don't concern yourself. "the murphys." ho. p'sychiatry has its own jargon, and only when you know the meaning of the various terms, can you begin to understand. terms like complex, sublimation, regression. gestalt. gesundheit.  gestalt, not gesundheit. yeah, yeah, girls. now, now, now, see, the doctor's talking about psychological terms. yes, yes. correct, now, mr. kermit, when it was first used, you see, by sigmund fre  uh  the father of p'sychiatry, he was the first in his field. of course, he didn't get any good at it until he got an office, and he got out of that field.  that's a trade joke. well, you'd better trade it for another one.  will you stop this woman please. cynthia, come on now, don't be embarrassing the doctor here. it's all right, mr. kermit frog. right. a good p'sychiatrist learns to find the proper way to handle any situation. you see, i think, personally, that the janosh theory of primalscream therapy might work here. it's guaranteed to get rid of all your problems. i'd like to hear it. me too. yeah, so would i. yes. you got it. he screams. the muppets duck. he laughs. are you all right down there. no problems more. it works every time. i believe that does it for tonight's p'seudoscientific p'sychiatric sigmund  eh, discussion. and i hope you tune in next week when, with luck, i won't be there.  the muppets peer up as the theme music plays. meanwhile, statler notices waldorf looking down. what are you looking for. my contact lens. oh. oh, here it is.  sorry. waldorf punches statler in the face. fozzie leads wanda, piggy and rowlf backstage past kermit. he's in his dressing room. i know him personally. oh, really. hey, kermit. i was wondering, could you get me peter ustinov's autograph. he's one of your favorites, huh. oh, not one of them. he is my favorite. last week i was your favorite. well, we grow, kermit. we progress. i just saw him in that last sketch. i was on the floor. that's a lousy place to watch a sketch from.  i meant from laughter. you see, when i grow up, i wanna be just like him. uh, last week you wanted to be just like me. a beat. i was wrong. kermit, i'm in my formative years. if you had a choice, which would you choose. would you like to grow up and be an international star, or would you like to grow up and be a frog. uh  i'd turn green with envy, if i weren't already green.  uh, gee  i hope i didn't hurt his feelings. kermit sings "bein' green" as he walks into a forest clearing. well, that just about does it for this week and i want to thank our guest, mr. peter ustinov, for joining us. peter, come on out here. yaaayy. i've just been talking to your show's writer. he's a man of many talents. isn't he, though. yes. wears more than one hat. they chuckle. oh, yeah, peter. hey, listen, it's been great having you, although i must admit i've been a little bit jealous. you have. i'm jealous of you. i've always wanted to be a frog. you're kidding. ahh  ahh  ribbit, ribbit. how do you do that. a very tight shirt collar. ahh  ahh   well, welcome to the wonderful world of frogs.  yeah, and we'll see you all next time on the muppet show.  the muppets gather around peter as the credits roll. the hatrack gets its own writing credit. well, they did improve the level of television entertainment. well, they had no place to go but up. waldorf chuckles. ) )