contents kermit appears in the show's o. it's the muppet show, with our special guest star, mr. vincent price. woo. the banner rises, and the theme begins. it's time to play the music it's time to light the lights it's time to meet the muppets on the muppet show tonight. it's time to put on makeup it's time to dress up right it's time to raise the curtain on the muppet show tonight. the curtain opens on fozzie. hey. i once met a vampire who was so rich, he lived in a splitlevel coffin. the curtain closes. to introduce our guest star, that's what i'm here to do. so it really makes me happy to introduce to you  mr. vincent price. vincent is surrounded by muppet monsters. but now let's get things started on the most sensational, inspirational celebrational, muppetational this is what we call the muppet show. bang. gonzo shoots the o. main stage. kermit enters thank you. thank you, thank you and good evening, and welcome to a very unusual edition of the muppet show. yes, things are going to be a little bit strange tonight.  you probably can already tell, be prepared for the strange, the weird and the scary because our guest star is none other than the crown prince of terror, mr. vincent price. so tonight there will be no craziness, no slapstick and no silliness... fozzie pies him in the face, then wiggles his ears ha ha. or at least not much of it. let the scariness begin. behemoth croons "i've got you under my skin" as he eats a terrified shakey sanchez. at the end, shakey, accepting his fate, sings a verse of "que sera, sera ." ohh. that number scared the pants off me. are you sure you didn't just forget to put 'em on again. ok, stand by for the house of horror sketch. shakey walks by in the background : calm down, back there, scooter enters hey, boss. hm, what. there's someone here wanting to audition. ok, who is he. well, it's not exactly a he. ok, who is she. well, it's not exactly a she. scooter, this rather severely limits the possibilities, would you please explain yourself. well, it's sort of a they. you mean there's more than one. not really. : this gofer is about to become a gonefer. : scooter, what are you talking about. uh, that. scooter points out tom, dick and harry  hi, mr. frog, can we be on your show. good grief, it's a tripleheader. kermit exits i'm going back to the dressing room. i'm going to the makeup room. i'll wait here. the three pull in different directions main stage. hilda is on the proscenium in honor of my homeland, kermit has asked me to do the next introduction.  we take you now to transylvania, to a high and brooding hill, we take you now to the house of horror. she screams and runs off stage. curtain opens revealing aforementioned house on the hill. the camera closes in on the house as it's gate opens, transitioning to the interior. fozzie and gonzo enter from behind the camera oh, gonzo. i don't think very much of this summer cottage you rented for us. yeah, i don't understand it, the ad looked so good in the paper. what paper was that. the wampire veekly. the wampire veekly. it does look kinda big for just the two of us. a ghost flies by wooooooooo.  ohh. the three of us, a second ghost floats in oh. the four of us, : well, at least we won't be lonely. there's a tapping on the door  someone's... someone's at the door, someone's at the door. : ohh, i bet it's not the welcome wagon. fozzie opens the door yep, it's not the welcome wagon. vincent price enters good evening  excuse me, but do you have a room for the night. you see, the road has washed out and my horse had a flat tire.  well, maybe i, uh ... i must tell you i am not alone, i am traveling with my beautiful assistant and a hideously deformed monster. uncle deadly enters oh. hideously deformed is right. watch it. i'm the beautiful assistant. oh, boy. master, i've left toto in the coach. toto. : good, good. : and now i must ask, can you tell me what time it is. uh oh, golly, my hourglass seems to have stopped. oh, this is terrible. terrible. we're in trouble. yes. why's that. because every night at the stroke of midnight, the master turns into a screaming, maniacal, demonic, raging, bloodlusting animal. and then i get mean. what do we do. quickly, quickly, prepare a dungeon, chains, manacles. bind me. a clock begins striking oh, no, it's too late, it's midnight. oh, no, something's different, oh, quick, what night is it. : new year's eve. oh, no. this is too cruel, too inhuman. what. what. what is. what. tell. tell. what. what. on new year's eve, the master turns into jack parnell. vincent holds a baton and blows a noisemaker as "auld lang syne" plays. fozzie, gonzo and uncle deadly flee in horror. vincent price is the most wonderfully scary actor since thudge mcgerk. heh. thudge mcgerk, i'll never forget him, his last film was phantom of the soap opera. yeah, after that, he went berserk. they say he still haunts theatres around the world. three eyes, green hair, long orange horns and big, long ugly fangs. horrible man, horrible. no. statler jumps out of his seats and lands on the floor listen, on your way back up, bring some popcorn.  with butter. ha. shakey enters, still visibly shaken you ok. excuse me, frog honcho of mine. mm. well, the tripleheader is still waiting to audition. oh, well, you know, with vincent price on the show, maybe a threeheaded monster might be appropriate.  tell me, what do you guys do. we sing. no, we dance. no, we tell jokes. uhhuh, you work on television much. : work on television much. always. sometimes. never. i think you fellas have some problems, which one of you is the leader.  he is.  he is.  she is.  in fact, they got lots of problems. main stage. sam is on the proscenium. if you're like i am, and you certainly must be, you are appalled and shocked at the weird unnatural things going on tonight. here, to counter all that, the very natural, the very normal wayne and wanda. i'm wild again, beguiled again, a simpering, whimpering child again ... bewitched... wanda is literally bewitched and turns into blue frackle. ... bothered and bewildered. this part of the program is the cultural part, we have to get started now, just a second. : time once again, friends, to raise the intellectual level of our program, and tonight, our special guest is mr. vincent price. well, it's a pleasure to be with you, kermit. in addition to his other talents, mr. price is also a great cook, so tonight's topic for discussion is gourmet dining, vincent has assembled the rest of the panel so i'll just let you do the introductions, sir. all right, kermit, thank you, well, i have asked two of my culinary friends to join us tonight, on your immediate right is pierre lacouse, one of the world's great chefs. a pleasure. and next to him is gorgon heap, one of the world's great eaters. mmmaagh. uh, yeah, i see. well, starting off, now, vincent, what would you say is the world's most delicious dish. well, kermit, you know, haute cuisine is so varied and wonderful that is a most difficult question, but if i must choose my favorite dish, i would have to say it is probably escalope de veau a i'estragon. it is delicious. he eats a pitcher of water next to him vincent, i dislike it for all france to disagree, but for sheer magnificence, nothing can compare to gigot en epaule de presale farci. oh, that is delicious.  oh. he ate my casserole. pierre, that is a fine dish, provided that it is made in exactly the same way that it was prepared by the great chef escoffier. oh, he was delicious. he eats pierre's hat he ate my hat. uh... uh, yes. listen, pierre, there's one thing i've always wanted to ask you. ah, oui. uh. gorgon eats pierre but it's a little late now. uh, vincent, who is this guy, anyhow. gorgon moves closer to kermit say, you look delicious. wait a second, get away from me, you hulking creep. vincent, can you stop him, please. vincent begins seasoning kermit as gorgon prepares toeat him froggie, you have to admit, you do look tasty. tune in next week when our topic for discussion will be... gorgon eats kermit i know i'm a bit of a devil, but i do love frogs' legs. this show should be reported to the consumer protection agency. why. the host was just consumed, kermit pops up in their box don't count on it. hey, this is our box, fella. let me see your ticket stub. i'm going into the moving business. really. locally. no, ghost to ghost. oh. i'm simply starving, can't we stop for a bite. delighted, my dear. he bites her that man is absolutely batty. huh, why do you say that. beautiful day monster walks past with bats following him why don't we stop and have a drink. we can't. why not. they don't serve spirits here. you know, my mother said if i worked hard, i could get ahead. oh, well, here it is. she removes her head and give it to him ooh. ghosts haunt the backstage, singing "i'm looking through you." fozzie, wandering in the backstage, sees the spirits and runs away, terrified hey, vincent, i really thank you for coming on this show tonight and so do all the muppet monsters. well, thank you, kermit, i never met a monster i didn't like, i can believe it, hey, can i ask you a question. yes, of course. in all the scary movies you've done through the years, well, you're always turning into a vampire, well, how do you do that. vincent opens his mouth to reveal fangs. the audience full of muppet monsters cheer loudly how do you do that. that is so scary. well, kermit, if you will forgive the modesty, that is perhaps the epitome of the actor's craft. it takes tremendous concentration, years of physical and emotional training and enormous mental exertion. do you understand. oh, sure. kermit opens his mouth revealing his own fangs oh, well, some people learn faster than others. kermit bites vincent by the way, i thought your wife was coming tonight. the old bat couldn't come. bats fly up to their box the rest of 'em sure made it. a doll hand starts moving on kermit's table kermit. kermit. kermit. uh, what, what, what. : when do we go on. listen, i'm sorry, fellas, but there is no place for you in the show tonight. : but what about our big song. good grief, all right, what big song. what else. : "tea for three."  out, out, out. tom, dick and harry exit to their right,and kermit to his left, then two ghosts float up from the floor who writes this stuff, anyway. who else. the ghostwriter. they laugh and float away as uncle deadly watches on from the second floor here is a muppet news flash. our newsroom has been flooded with calls today, reporting that furniture all over town has been turning into monsters. seven people have allegedly been attacked by a wandering pack of sofas at the east edge of town. a diningroom table set for eight reportedly ate the eight it was set for. the camera pans out to reveal the newsman on a television screen in the living room of a whatnot man watching sitting on an ottoman  when contacted for comment, sheriff david goelz assured muppet news central that the rumor was false. according to goelz, there is no way for a piece of furniture to turn into a monster. the ottoman comes to life and the man jumps off and starts wacking it with a newspaper  scientists throughout the city confirmed that such an occurrence would be impossible. inanimate objects cannot turn into monsters. the man backs into a dresser that begins to come to life and attack as well  still the mass hysteria could be due to what psychologists are calling "furnophobia, " a dread fear of the rising prices of home furnishings. the man runs out of the room, pursued by the dresser and a lamp  the phenomena does seem to relate to the costofliving increase during the past month. but people are advised to relax, secure in the knowledge that their furniture will not turn into a monster. the man, having avoided the furniture makes it back into the living room and slams the door behind him  and that's all tonight from muppet news. goodnight. the tv shuts off, and grows fangs and eats the man, as he backs into it in muppet news central boy, that last item about furniture is ridiculous. his desk eats him this is ridiculous, i can't find hilda anywhere.oh, well, i guess i'll just have to carry this stuff up myself. ooh, excuse me, mr, price. yes. can i give you a hand. oh, please. here. he pulls off his hand that's my kind of joke.  fozzie consoles tom, dick and harry hey, guys, i hear you're not gonna make it on the show tonight. kermit didn't like our song. but it doesn't matter. we got a new act. oh, yeah. tell me what's the new act. well, you see, i'm the straight man. i'm the comic. and i'm the audience. that way, no matter how bad we are... : we'll always love us. yeah, like, say, who was that lady i saw you with last night. that was no lady, that was a pawn shop sign. harry laughs we're a hit. we're a hit. yeah, we're superstars. they love us. so long, fozzie, : i never thought i'd be jealous of a guy with three heads, hm. my youngest boy is very interested in medicine. oh, he's a doctor. no, a hospital. main stage. kermit enters. once again, dear friends  the very eerie  mr. vincent price. open on vincent playing an organ. when you're down and troubled, and you need some love and care, and nothing, nothing is going right  close your eyes and think of me, and soon i will be there, to brighten up even your darkest night. you just call out his name, and you know wherever you are, he'll come running  to see you again. winter, spring, summer or fall  all you have to do is call  and i'll be there. yes, he will. you've got a friend. now ain't it good to know that you've got a friend, when people can be so cold. they'll hurt you, yes, and desert you.. and take your soul if you let 'em, hohohoho, but don't you let 'em. you just call out my name, and you know wherever you are, i'll come running  to see you again. winter, spring, summer or fall, all you have to do is call, and i'll be there. yes, i will. you've got a friend. you've got a friend. you've got a friend.  you've got a friend. main stage. kermit's on the proscenium well, that just about brings these strange proceedings to an end, let's have a special thanks to our guest star, mr. vincent price. vincent enters hey, vincent, you were really super tonight. hey, let's give him another hand. oh, no, kermit, let me give you one, huh. he pulls off a fake hand will you cut that out. we'll see you all next time on the muppet show. ending theme  well, that's easy for you to say. ) )