contents kermit appears in the show's o. it's the muppet show, with our special guest star, miss valerie harper. the banner rises, and the theme begins. it's time to play the music it's time to light the lights it's time to meet the muppets on the muppet show tonight. it's time to put on makeup it's time to dress up right it's time to raise the curtain on the muppet show tonight. the curtain opens on fozzie. hey. did you know that if tuesday weld married frederick march's grandson, she'd be tuesday march the second. aaaah. the audience laughs. the curtain closes. to introduce our guest star, that's what i'm here to do. so it really makes me happy to introduce to you  miss valerie harper. yaaayyy. the muppets gather around valerie. but now let's get things started on the most sensational, inspirational celebrational, muppetational this is what we call the muppet show. gonzo tries to hit the "o" with a large mallet, but the mallet collapses on top of him. hey uh, george. george. what. what. what. would you clean up this backstage. this whole place is a mess. yeah. of course it's a mess, with all these muppets exploding around here. every time i turn around, there's somebody blowing his top. uh, george, that is a slight exaggeration, isn't it. a green frackle walks by and boom. his head explodes. the headless figure walks away. ehh. i guess it's all in my mind. enter valerie through the backstage entrance. applause. am i in the right place. oh, valerie harper. welcome to the muppet show. oh, we're so glad that you can come and be with us. oh, me too, kermit. you know, i'm not filming rhoda this week. i got hiatus. oh, i'm sorry to hear that. did you get it lifting something. oh, no  maybe you should see a doctor. kermit, that means that we're on vacation. and um, well, you see, i'm a total muppet freak. everyone in this joint is a freak. a threeheaded creature goes by. see what i mean. uh, george, this is uh, valerie harper. she's on hiatus. i'm george the janitor. i'm on vitamin e.  move it. uh, you have to uh, forgive george there, uh  okay. uh, you were saying, valerie. yes. i  i was hoping that uh, you might let me do a big opening number on the show. oh, well, we had planned to open the show with uh, bertha beasley and her galloping geese. yes. but actually, uh, bertha isn't here yet and the show's about to start. she won't be here, kermit. uh what. i, uh, scotchtaped a bushel of birdseed to her body. even as we speak, geese are pecking her into oblivion. uh  heh, wow, you are some determined lady. i certainly am, kermit. look, i can do it if you just give me the chance. kermit, television is great, but i gotta get back on those boards.  you know what it's like a live audience, smell of the grease paint, the roar of the crowd. at least let me audition for you, will you. sure. go on ahead. valerie sings "broadway baby" while walking upstairs. she enters her dressing room, reemerging in costume as a maid, mae west, and marilyn monroe. she takes the spotlight for her big finish. the muppets gather around and applaud. all three of her characters come out for their curtain call. oh, that was great. you were just wonderful, valerie. i tell you, you're going out on that stage a star, but you're gonna be coming back a chorus girl.  i'm not sure that's what i had in mind. ehh, what a beautiful performer. yeah, what a beautiful woman. you know, waldorf, i think i'll go backstage and meet her. hmph. why, you old fool, she wouldn't have anything to do with you. besides, i was thinking of going backstage. you. you. why, you're old enough to be her grandfather. why, you geriatric joker. we'll settle this. we'll flip for her. okay. one, two, three  statler flips upside down. you win. open on the chef, dancing with two spoons.   brk brk brk. he tosses the spoons and reacts in shock when he hears an explosion. he points to a chocolate cake on the table.   de cokn ckn.  he displays an icing tube and starts icing the cake, then garnishes it with fruit, jelly candies and sprinkles.  he cuts into the cake with a knife, and the cake yelps in a japanese accent.   the chef takes out a translation book and frantically thumbs through it.   eeeeeyooooshiatsu. the chef takes out a baseball bat. "eyoshiatsu".   de ckn smoshr.   hiyo. he smashes the cake. gonzo runs towards kermit. hey, chief. one of those hecklers from the box is back here, and and he says he wants to speak to miss harper. oh, for goodness sakes. i've got a show to do. i can't have every tom, dick, and harry coming back here. the threeheaded creature goes by again. hi, tom. hi, dick. hi, harry.  of course, there are exceptions. statler enters with a plant. where is miss harper. i demand to see her. i will not be denied. well, wow. one of our hecklers has turned into a stagedoor johnny. uh, miss harper is up in her dressing room there, rehearsing her lines. well, i've been rehearsing my lines too, for when i meet her. how's this. "hiya, toots. you're some kind of hotlooking tomato." heh.  that's a very old line. well, i'm a very old man. hey, listen. stagedoor johnnies are supposed to bring roses. what is that thing. oh, roses are ordinaire. this is a very special plant for a very special lady. it's an african berry bush. grows at a rate of three feet an hour. unless it rains, then it grows faster. uh, well, i suggest that you bury your berry bush and bug outta here, buster. that's nice alliteration, huh. hey. hey  i'll have you know i've dated, and wined and dined some of the finest performers on the legitimate stage. hayes, langtree, barrymore  wait a minute. you dated ethel barrymore. no, lionel. ethel was busy that night. to tell you the truth, we didn't dance much either. will you get outta here. no, i'll sit over here with my bush.  i have the feeling this is going to be one of those shows.  here is a muppet news flash.  dateline, milwaukee, wisconsin. doctors in milwaukee have reported a phenomenon never before witnessed in medical annals. mr. gus klinger, a steam fitter. has, over a threemonth period, turned into a rug.  here is his wife, mrs. klinger, to explain what happened. valerie appears in the monitor. well, it all started as a simple case of shag pile on the belly, but then, gradually, it spread, until he is now a 9x12 carpet. with fringe. i am just going to have to sue for divorce, that's all. why is that, mrs, klinger. 'cause he does not match the drapes. main stage. kermit enters to a fanfare. okay, now it is with great pleasure and no little concern, that i present my dear friend rowlf, with an original poem written, directed, and conceived by rowlf sort of a tour de force, which is french for "blow your own horn". so let's bring him on with a great big hand. a great big hand walks by. kermit frowns and walks off. the curtain opens on rowlf.. i've titled this original poem "the butterfly." ahem. i saw a butterfly one beautiful morn, flitting silently on the dewcovered lawn. and i thought to myself, how wonderful it would be if only we could see millions of these covering the mountains, the plains, and the seas. a butterfly flies behind him. i held out my hand, and motioned it to land. and as it did, i looked for another butterfly with which to mate it. i couldn't find one, so i sat down and ate it. as he laughs, a giant butterfly catches him with a net and drags him away. it was only a joke. i'm just kidding. ehh, statler would have loved that one. but i hated it. okay, let's move that butterfly. move it, move it, move it. statler watches as the butterfly drags rowlf along. well, at least you're better than that bear. not much, but  hey. what are you doing here. well, if it's any of your business, janitor man, i'm waiting for miss harper. oh. well, it looks like your, uh, plant could use some waterin'. he waters the plant, and it immediately grows. hm. no. no. you fool. oh, no. this is an african berry bush. it grows at an enormous rate. it will grow and grow and eat everything in sight.  it bears a striking resemblance to my brotherinlaw. couples dance in a ballroom. animal dances with a woman. i think your brother is going to buy you a house. why. i heard him say that you belong in a home. ahhh. dip. he dips her. switch to the loud lady and her partner.  you know, i just can't seem to hold on to a guy. what is it, huh. i'm a real goodlooker, a neat dresser, and a great cook. come on, tell me now. what's my problem. you're too introverted. yeah, maybe you're right. switch to zoot and janice. ehh, this music they're playin' is garbage. pure garbage, man. why do you say that. garbage falls on him. enough said. switch to dr. teeth and mildred. uh, dr. tooth. teeth. teeth. do you think honesty is the best policy. oh, positively. well, you are a terrible dancer. another crack like that and your best policy will be an insurance policy. switch to two frackles. you'd better be careful. there's a bat coming your way. oh, that's all right. my uncle was a vampire. it's not that kind of a bat. whack. a sentient baseball bat whacks off the blue frackle's head. a definite improvement. rowlf plays the piano. sam looks over a piece of sheet music. uh, so what do i do here. oh, sam, you just play the part of the bird. i mean, it's not written for an eagle, but uh  well, is this cultural. oh, yeah. this is light opera. gilbert and sullivan. mm. begin. on a tree by the river, a little tomtit sang  uh, this is your part, sam.  willow  tit willow  tit willow. and i said to him, "dickeybird " see, that that's you, sam. you play the part of the dickeybird. "why do you sit, singing "  dickeybird.  willow  tit willow  tit willow. "is it weakness of intellect, birdie." i cried  not meaning you, sam. mm. yes, yes. "or a rather tough worm in your little inside." with a shake of his poor little head, he replied  uh, willow  tit willow  tit willow. mmhm. now i feel just as sure as i'm sure that my name isn't  willow, tit willow, tit willow. that 'twas blighted affection that made him exclaim  you wanna do this.  uh, willow, tit willow, tit willow. and if you remain callous and obdurate, i  what's "obdurate". i don't know, sam. shall perish as he did, and you will know why. though i probably shall not exclaim as i die  this is the last one, sam. willow  tit willow  tit willow.  why are they laughing. applause. floyd and two whatnots sing "searchin'" while seeking out an evasive mary louise. gonna quit now. i'll find you, darling. gonna quit now. i know you're around here someplace. gonna quit now. oh, this is hard work. gonna quit. she pops up. okay. applause. just think, that old fool statler's getting a chance to meet miss harper backstage  just because he could do a flip. but i bet he can't do this.  ehh, sometimes i tickle myself. in fact, i think i'll tickle myself now.  kermit is shocked when he sees that statler's plant has grown around the entire backstage area. statler. you gotta do something about this crazy plant of yours. now, hold it right there. i know my rights. section three, paragraph four, theatergoer's manual. "any member of the audience has the right to" oh, don't give me that hogwash.  what did you say. i said, "don't give me that hogwash." all right. i was gonna wash the hogs, but if you don't want the hogwash, i'll just dump it here. no, no, no. not there. george throws the bucket on the plant, and it grows some more. gonzo, scooter and wanda run around in chaos, but statler just sits still. what. oh, no. help. bush running amok. bush running amok.  help. help. help. oh, no. help. the plant wraps itself around kermit. i'll get you. i'll get you. just hold still. hilda, i lost my comb. do you know where i can get a new one. oh, haven't you met bernie, our new makeup man. no, i guess i haven't. oh. uh, bernie. bernie. bernie, a blue rabbit, hops in. bernie. uh, miss harper needs a comb, bernie. oh, hiya, miss harper. hiya, bernie. i'll get you a comb in just a minute. in the meantime, have an egg. hilda snickers. hilda, don't tell me he's  that's right. he's the easter bernie.  oh, dear. oh, finally, they gave hilda the pinch line. don't you mean punch line. no, i mean the pinch line. how come. she jumps when animal bites her on the rump. haaahh. that's how come. hiya, sweetie. hilda, you want a punch line, this is a punch line. she bops animal on the head. animal faints. nice punch, valerie. it is now such a jungle backstage that kermit has to chop his way through the foliage.  onstage for the next sketch, please. uh, kermit.  what. kermit, i cannot do my monologue. how come. because the tree ate my cue cards.  statler. hmm. one of these days i'm gonna get you for this. well, you could have avoided all this if you had let me meet miss harper when i asked. the only person you're going to meet back here is tarzan. they overhear tarzan yelling. i hope he's a good dancer. ahem. once again, the happy harmonies, the melodious melodies, the warm warblings of wayne and wanda.  please, do it for me. or somebody. open on the two in a countryside setting. the fog rolls in as they sing. on a clear day, rise and look around you, and you'll see where you are  here's a muppet news flash.  dateline  he examines the paper and sees it's blank on both sides. oh. ahem. sorry.  valerie powders her face. kermit, i am so pleased that you're gonna allow me to do a big dance number to close the show. oh, listen, it's my pleasure. hey, but i think i should warn you, uh, you're gonna be doing this with our chorus line, and they're known as the clodhoppers. that's perfect. it's been so long since i've danced. i'll fit right in. i'll be a perfect clod.  oh, no, no. don't worry. i'm gonna give it my best shot. aw you're a trooper, valerie. i'll go out there and introduce you, okay.  okay.  hang in there, gang, this could be the start of a new career. or the end of one.  main stage. kermit enters. okay. and now, once again, ladies and gentlemen, miss valerie harper with the clodhoppers. valerie sings "nobody does it like me" while dancing with the clodhoppers. well, once again, friends, it's time to say so long, but first, let's thank our special guest star, miss valerie harper. yaayy. applause. kermit, i can't tell you how great it's been being with you, if very unusual. ahem. excuse me, miss harper. uh, my name is statler, i  oh, for heaven's sake, statler. i was wanting to meet you all evening. oh. i wanted to give you this little present and ask if you'd join me for a steak dinner later on. wait a second. uh, what  didn't that plant grow into a great big bush, or was that my imagination. yeah, well, this is its firstborn. thank you very much, statler. it's lovely. but i can't join you for dinner. you see, i'm a vegetarian. of course, i could always eat the plant. yeah before it eats you.  okay, well, good night, valerie. good night, everybody. we'll see you all next time on the muppet show. you're not too bad yourself. hubba hubba hubba. fozzie drags him offstage. the other muppets gather as the credits roll. hey. what. no. what are you. what. no. wait. wait. waldorf hangs from the balcony. i was practicing my flip. help. ) )