contents kermit appears in the show's o. it's the muppet show, with our very special guest star, twiggy. the banner rises, and the theme begins. it's time to play the music it's time to light the lights it's time to meet the muppets on the muppet show tonight. it's time to put on makeup it's time to dress up right it's time to raise the curtain on the muppet show tonight. the curtain opens on fozzie. hey, i went to a resort hotel for a change and a rest. the waiter got the change and the hotel got the rest. aaaah. the audience laughs. the curtain closes. to introduce our guest star, that's what i'm here to do. so it really makes me happy to introduce to you  twiggy. the muppets surround twiggy as she grins. but now let's get things started on the most sensational, inspirational celebrational, muppetational this is what we call the muppet show. gonzo hits beautiful day monster instead of the "o." main stage. kermit enters to applause and a fanfare. thank you, thank you, thank you. good evening, gang, and welcome to the show. and what a show it is, 'cause tonight our special guest is a beautiful young lady, whose face is known the world over. she only has one name, but many talents the one and only twiggy. we'll be meeting her in a few minutes, but right now let's get things swinging on the muppet show. a feather duster sings "dance" with a group of feather boas to back it up. was that a great number. i don't know. i slept through it. me too. that's why i asked.  the feather duster and boas walk past kermit. ok. very nice. very nice. you guys have come a long way since you were feather dusters. thank you, i enjoyed it ever so much, really i did. scooter looks fearful. kermit, kermit. call me kooky, call me crazy, but i think there's a phantom of the muppet show. you're kooky. you're crazy. no, i'm serious. i was just up in the stars' dressing room, and i saw the most ghoulish, fiendishlooking face in the closet. that was me, clown. i was hanging up the wardrobe. no, no, no. after you left... listen, kermit, i'm serious. there's something here that should be looked into. yes, your head. phantom of the muppet show.  uh, look, scooter, uh, we're kinda busy right now, but we'll keep our eyes open. i mean, seriously, i think you've been using your imagination too much. if there's a phantom of the muppet show, i'm a monkey's uncle. wanda runs out of her dressing room, screaming. help. there's a phantom in the dressing room.  anybody got a banana. main stage. gonzo makes an introduction. right now i'd like to introduce the lovely leafy  barky.  no, branchy... uh  twiggy. do i get credit for being close. fozzie drags gonzo away by the nose. the curtain opens on twiggy in a press conference, surrounded by reporters, including nigel, floyd, kermit and janice. hello, everyone, i'd like to thank you all for coming here today. you're welcome. i really love press conferences, but   i will try and answer any questions that you might have. i have a question, i have a question. yes. uh, miss twiggy, how is it that a beautiful girl like you only has one nose. eh. um  well, i mean, that's usual, isn't it. he reveals that he has two noses. uh, yeah. so i noticed. twiggy. wait a minute. i have a serious question. uh, who are the most important people in your life. yeah, and what about the places. oh, yeah. that would be interesting. tell us  music swells up. twiggy sings "in my life" as pictures from her past are superimposed. aw, twiggy makes my heart sing. oh, well, let me hear. he puts his ear to waldorf's chest. nice song, but your pacemaker needs tuning. fozzie walks backwards, backing into kermit.  don't do that. don't you know that this is serious. everybody here is scared of the phantom of the muppet show. kermit, you've got to do something, yeah, fozzie's right. i just saw the most terrifying face peering out from behind the sewing machine. oh, that was me again, you nitwit. no, it was after you left. oh, scaredycats. they all quarrel. exit hilda. listen to me, this is ridiculous. you've gotta keep your head on your shoulders. a headless figure passes by and that's better. oh, sure, sure. you can joke all you want, but there is something funny going on around here. fine. but there better be something funny going on out there. come on, move it, move it.  all right. go, go, go. phantom of the muppet show. yeesh. as he exits, a blue figure emerges on the balcony, cackling. ah, what fools these muppets be. main stage. sam stands at the proscenium. ahem. right now, the everpopular wayne and wanda, and their version of that great oldie, "let it snow, let it snow, let it snow."  oh, let it work, let it work, let it work. oh, the weather outside is frightful. but the fire is so delightful. but if you've no place to go, let it snow, let it snow, let it  plop. it snows on them. funny, funny. ha. open on gonzo and muppy in a bed. gonzo turns his head towards the candle, and his nose gets singed. ow. oh, my nose. muppy licks his nose. thank you. hello, you two. oh, hi, twiggy. hey, muppy and i here were hoping you'd tell us a little bedtime story. oh, i'd love to, but what would you like to hear. well, muppy here really likes the poems of a.a. milne. you wouldn't know one, would you. know one. i've rehearsed one.  it's called "the king's breakfast." fade to a medieval setting as harpsichord music plays. twiggy plays the dairymaid and the narrator. the king asked the queen, and the queen asked the dairymaid could we have some butter for the royal slice of bread. the queen asked the dairymaid. the dairymaid said, "certainly," "i'll go and see the cow now before she goes to bed." the dairymaid she curtsied, and went to see the alderney. she walks over to the cow. "don't forget the butter for the royal slice of bread." the alderney said sleepily you'd better tell his majesty that many people nowadays like marmalade instead. the dairymaid said, "fancy." and went to her majesty. she curtsied to the queen and she turned a little red, "excuse me, your majesty, for taking of the liberty, but marmalade is tasty if it's very thickly spread." the queen said oh and went to his majesty. talking of the butter for the royal slice of bread  many people think that marmalade is nicer. would you like to try a little marmalade instead. the king said bother. and then he said oh, deary me. the king sobbed oh, deary me.  and went back to bed. nobody  he whimpered  could call me a fussy man. i only want a little bit of butter for my bread. the queen said there, there. and then she went to the dairymaid. the dairymaid said, "there, there," and went to the shed. the cow said  oh, there, there. i didn't really mean it. here's milk for his porridger and butter for his bread. the queen took the butter and brought it to his majesty. the king said butter, eh. and bounced out of bed. nobody  he said, as he kissed her tenderly nobody  he said, as he slid down the banisters nobody, my darling, could call me a fussy man. but i do like a little bit of butter to my bread. they all bow. fade back to the bedroom. gonzo and muppy are now joined by catgut, t.r., rowlf, baskerville and some chickens who all applaud twiggy.  couples dance in a ballroom. oh, honey, at our wedding, who's going to be the best man. my brother. oh. maybe i should marry him. statler and waldorf dance together. hey, hey, you said i could lead this time. ok, ok, but i thought you promised to wear the pink taffeta. oh, so i lied. what's the difference between immoral and illegal. well, immoral is, uh, doing bad things. illegal is me with a tummy ache.  i didn't write it. kermit dances with mary louise. hey, uh, thank you for letting me have this dance with you. uh, what did you say your name was. mary louise. one, two, three, dip.  it's that loud lady again  yeah, so, i've recorded three record albums and they're really great, but they haven't sold. uh, what do you sing. rock. no, lullabies. back to kermit. one, two, three, dip. one, two, three, twirl. kermit ends up hanging from the chandelier. cute. cute dance step. he falls down. blackout. rowlf plays "minuet in g major," making a few minor mistakes along the way.  sorry about that. fozzie passes by vendaface. hello. i am vendaface, the world's first fully automatic psychiatric machine. simply insert coin in slot, step up to machine, and i will tell you what your problem is. oh, yes, yes, yes. he inserts a coin. please insert another coin. he inserts another coin. please insert another coin. he inserts another coin. ok, ok. now, what is my problem. you are much too generous.  gah. what do you mean, much too generous. you also have a rotten temper. two mechanical hands emerge and grab fozzie by the neck. meanwhile, statler hangs from the balcony. i think that was great. right, statler.  statler. you fell. no, my upper plate fell. i jumped after it. waldorf chuckles. kermit looks over some sheet music. scooter taps him on the shoulder, startling him. so, you still don't believe us about the phantom, huh, kermit. listen, scooter, there are no such things as ghosts, or goblins, or phantoms, or  hilda runs out of the dressing room, screaming. oh, help. help, somebody. heeeeelp. hilda, what is it now. kermit, i just saw the most hideous, inhuman face. for a moment, i thought it was gonzo. but that was me. well, what are you doing scaring an old lady half to death. well, i was hiding from the phantom. see. see, kermit. all i see are a bunch of muppets spreading mass hysteria. now, there is no such thing as a phantom. that's final. period. end of report. uh, kkermit. kermit. what.  what has a skulllike head, fiery green eyes and a torn cape. i don't know. i don't know either, but it's right behind you.. everyone flees screaming. uh, you will notice that i didn't fall for their joke. and if it isn't a joke i mean, if there is someone or something behind me there is no doubt a logical explanation for it. so i shall now just turn slowly around and see what is going on here. he turns around and faces uncle deadly. uh, pardon me, sir, but is there a logical explanation for your presence here.  apparently, there is no logical explanation. he runs away screaming. uncle deadly cackles. here is a muppet news flash.  dateline, london. mrs. lola thomas of that city has just finished eating an entire diesel tractor. she appears on the monitor. tell me, mrs, thomas, why did you do such a thing. well, the doctor told me i had an iron deficiency, you see, so i started on a couple of doorknobs and the occasional typewriter. but there's nothing really quite like a good bit of diesel tractor with your chips and peas, is there. what an extraordinary feat. i mean, how was it done. oh. medium rare or thereabouts. is this lady making a fool of me. she takes a bite out of her microphone, and gives a thumbsup. she didn't make a fool of him. no. he managed it all by himself. they chuckle. kermit looks around for some papers.   it was around here a minute ago  the door creaks open. kermit looks around. nothing. uncle deadly enters, covering his face. he shocks kermit with a yell. who are you. i am uncle deadly. better known as the phantom of the muppet show. yes, sir. wwwwell, uncle, uh, deadly, uh, phantom, uh, whatever do you want. i mean, i'm just a, just a frog. just a little, harmless, little, helpless, little, harmless, green frog. i never hurt a fly. well, maybe i ate a few as a kid, but enough of your horrible little jokes. yes, sir. you muppets have taken over my theatre. yes, sir. my home. years ago, i was a great actor. a star. in this very theatre, my hamlet was acclaimed as the greatest ever. yes, sir. and then i played my most difficult role, othello. but opening night, i was killed. oh, well, ii'm very sorry to hear that. who killed you. the critics. kermit chuckles. deadly grabs him by the neck. enough. yes, sir. i swore i would never perform here again, nor would anyone else. no, sir. i will drive you all from this theatre. leave or be dooooooooomed. he shakes kermit, then lets him go. which way do i exit. kermit points him to the exit. deadly glides out. "leave or be doomed." i don't think i like those options. as he walks, he encounters the other muppets from today's plot. kermit. oh, oh, kermit, we have been looking for you. it was all a joke. yeah, that's right, chief. george was just trying to scare us. yeah, he said he found an old mask and cape in the cellar. can you imagine that. hahaha. yeah, i was just fooling around. there ain't no phantom. i was just trying to scare everybody. hahahaha. well, you certainly did, and if you ever do it again you're out of a job. you scared me out of about ten years' growth, and i can't afford to get any smaller. deadly rises upstairs. they all look up. leave or be doomed.. uh uh, george, if you're down here, uh, who's that up there. that must be   the phantom of the muppet show. they all scatter as deadly cackles. that may have been one of the greatest performances of my career. our guest star tonight was born in london, but all you folks in enid, oklahoma, better stand by to hear a soul sister. ladies and gentlemen, the downhome sound of the incomparable twiggy. twiggy, the hillbilly singer and the gogolala jubilee jugband sing "ain't nobody's business but my own." ok, that about does it for another week, but i do want to give an extra special warm thankyou to our lovely and charming guest star. ah, thank you so much. no, no, no, i mean twiggy, twiggy. yaaay. i really had a lovely time, kermit.  i even liked him. hey, you like him, you can have him. oh. well, not that much. i didn't think so. hey, we'll see you all next time on the muppet show. the muppets all gather around as the credits roll. well, every week this show looks better to me. every week your eyesight gets worse. ) )