contents kermit appears in the show's o. it's the muppet show, with our special guest star, miss kaye ballard. the banner rises, and the theme begins. it's time to play the music it's time to light the lights it's time to meet the muppets on the muppet show tonight. it's time to put on makeup it's time to dress up right it's time to raise the curtain on the muppet show tonight. the curtain opens on fozzie. hey. have you heard the one about this very fat pig. she karatechops him. the curtain closes. to introduce our guest star, that's what i'm here to do. so it really makes me happy to introduce to you  miss kaye ballard. kaye admires the muppets as they gather around her. but now let's get things started on the most sensational, inspirational celebrational, muppetational this is what we call the muppet show. crazy harry sets off an explosion before gonzo can hit the "o". not bad. main stage. kermit enters to applause, but trips and quickly gets up. uh  uh, thank you, thank you. and welcome again to the muppet show. and our special guest star tonight is one of the funniest ladies in the business, and one of the nicest, miss kaye ballard. so we think it's gonna be a great show tonight. and if you stick around, we think you'll agree. but right now, let's get things moving on the muppet show. the country trio perform "in the summertime". encore. encore. not so loud. they may hear you. floyd moseys up to kermit and taps him on the shoulder. hm. hey, kermit. so long, man. hey, bbut, floyd, the show is on. you should be in the orchestra pit. sorry, man. i'm anklin'. anklin'. yeah, anklin'. you know, leavin'. i've come to the coda. i'm using the door marked "exit." like a banana in the presence of ice cream, i intend to split. bbut, floyd, you can't just leave us. ehh, listen, kermit, you're a nice little dude in your own amphibian way, but  i just can't take it anymore.  but what's the matter. it's the theme song. the theme. kermit, you are talking to floyd pepper, the hippest of the hip. i mean, i have a room for life at the home for the chronically groovy. and every week i have to come in here and play, .  nice. it's embarrassingly square. and i don't play square. yeah, bbut, floyd, none of the other musicians have complained. the band passes by. drag city. yeah, we're gonna beat feet. yeah. hey, animal, you like the theme, don't you.  yeah, yeah. no, no.  no, no. uncopacetic. hey, but wait a minute, floyd. what about kaye ballard's big number. hey, wait a minute, wait a minute. the band comes back. the dude's right. yeah, we can't walk out on kaye ballard's number. good. we'll walk out after kaye ballard's number. they make their way to the pit. phew. a stay of execution. i must remember to thank the warden. main stage. kermit enters, but trips and quickly gets up. uh  ahem. uh, right now, gang, it's time to meet a star who knows her way around a song like i know my way around a lily pad, miss kaye ballard.  the curtain opens on kaye and thog, who dance and sing "oh babe what would you say". i could watch kaye ballard all night. mm. i tried it once, but she pulled the shade down.  why, you dirty old man.  floyd and the band approach kermit. okay, green stuff, me and the guys stayed through the kaye ballard number, and now, before it's time for that awful theme song, we're leaving. but wwait a minute. hey. kaye's got another number. oh, yeah. well, maybe we'll stay for that. oh, good. listen, i'm asking you, just stay through to the end of the show so you can play the theme. that does it. we're leaving.  but wwait a minute, wait a minute.  listen. if you do it, next week we'll have a new theme. oh, yeah. well, maybe we'll stay, then. good, because your noble conductor, nigel here, has offered to write a new theme. we're leaving.  bbut why.  he wrote the first one, man. the band exits. kermit follows them. hey, but, guys, come on. please. listen. i always thought it was kind of a hip tune. here's a muppet news flash.  dateline, boston, massachusetts. mrs. gretchen powers of that city is trying to enter the guinness book of records by completing the world's longest sentence. she began talking six weeks ago and neighbors say she hasn't stopped since. our muppet cameras are in her home now. uh, mrs. powers. kaye appears in the monitor.  and the dog fell over the nose of the tree went into the spaghetti factory while six million men marched in their foghorns under a doubledecker bus, whose onion soup spoke of undermining the welfare of the country  uh, mrs. powers, if we could interrupt for a moment.   but for the grace of the noodle pie go i, said the spokesman for the group, who wore a turtleneck convertible, as the rain fell for the first time since the packet was well over the side of the  this sentence you're saying is long, but i'm missing the point of it.  that was covered    in what was said not the fault of the blueberry bush, but instead when the investigators arrived at the corset factory   uh, mrs. powers' husband carl said it makes about as much sense as anything she's said. he said this from his home at the clinging vine home for the crazed.  agreed that life could exist in the third row of the balcony, because that is the way it is, you cannot believe what goes on  couples dance in a ballroom. we start on janice and zoot. my family has quite a history. you can find a record of them in the 17th century. so has my family. you can find a record of them in the 19th precinct. onto george and mildred. george, why is it that everything we discuss, you reduce to the level of the gutter. heh, i just want to make you feel comfortable. haaaa. onto the loud lady and her partner.  so i said to him, "what kind of a girl do you think i am." i told him i never wanted to see him again. never, never, never. do you think i did the right thing, herman. i'm sorry, i wasn't listening. onto kermit and piggy.  oh. il canto e l'amore, ma il bambino. is that italian. no, it's pig latin. she laughs, and some nearby pigs snort. pig latin.  do you get it.  paul sings "life gets teejus don't it" with rover joe by his side. the roof collapses as the song ends. how you doing, pudding head. rover licks him. hey, kaye, i hope you're enjoying yourself. ohh, yes, i'm loving it. everything is just great, kermit. oh, good. well, you know, we are having some trouble here. oh, yeah.  yeah, the band is threatening to quit. oh.  to tell you the truth, kaye, sometimes i don't think i understand musicians. well, i'll tell you what, kermit. you know, uh, maybe i can help because i'm a bit of a musician myself. well, you know, kaye, if you could help smooth things over, i'd really appreciate it. well, i'd like to try. animal. come here, i'd like to talk to you a minute.  now listen. why are you guys so unhappy.  no kidding.  blecch. oh, well, i  you've got a point. you have a point. i'm willing to say you have a point. kermit. yeah. animal feels a deepseated hostility. am i right so far. deep seated.  in what he interprets as a demeaning situation. right. demeaning. gee, kaye, you do understand musicians, don't you. well, i try. mmhm. okay. i'll try to fix it. animal. yeah. i have been giving it serious consideration and i honestly  personally, i don't think that  she hums the theme and snaps her fingers. kermit joins in. i think it's good. animal screams and bites her on the shoulder. animal. animal. animal. animal. please control yourself. wait a minute. you've got to understand that i am just visiting here. now, i  i really feel you should discuss this further with kermit. i want to be out of this. well, i don't think we need to actually discuss it. discuss.. he begins wrestling kermit as kaye watches and winces. kermit winds up stuffed in a ball. animal walks away. froggy. is there anything else i can help you with. how are you at notifying next of kin.  well, just  just tell me the area code.  a hairy green creature walks into a barber shop and sits in the chair. hi. howdy. i'd like a haircut. sure, i can believe that. cut it real short. my rock group just broke up and i'm sick of it. check.  cut it short back, sides, front, top, bottom and middle. all righty. you know, i have the feeling this is a running gag. yes, but it's the audience that should be doing the running. they chuckle. the hairy creature has gotten smaller. the barber continues working on him. boy, you sure are slow. yeah. all in due time. by the way, who cuts your hair. the gardener.  the green creature has been reduced to a small speck. well, there you go, sir. that'll be three dollars. he sneezes, blowing the speck away. oh, rats. i think i've just lost a customer. george walks by kermit. okay. thank you, george. you don't mind cleaning that up, do you. huh.  great. appreciate it. hey, my friendly froggy little flipper friend. yeah. me and the gang have decided not to end our gig here. oh, good. if  huh. if what. if i can write the new theme song. oh, well, that'll be fine with me. no, it won't, man. uh, why not. you'll hate my music. you won't understand it. weh  now listen here. i'm pretty hip too, you know. not hip enough. nobody understands my music. i mean, i don't even understand it. you don't. if i didn't know i was a genius, i wouldn't listen to the trash i write.  gee, i can hardly wait to hear it.  i gotta get myself together. zelda rose and janice walk past a vendaface machine. a blue whatnot inspects it as it talks. hello. i am vendaface, the world's first fullyautomated facelift machine. just insert coin in the slot, step up to the machine and within moments your facelift will be complete. the blue whatnot turns its head to the camera, revealing its hideous face. oh, yes. i'll do it, i'll do it. ah. he inserts a coin into the slot. now for phase one. two robotic hands remove the blue whatnot's hair, facial features and fangs and places them in a drawer. now for phase two. the whatnot nods excitedly. the hands dig in the drawer and place eyes, a nose and a brown wig on the whatnot, making it look more feminine. the hands retract into the machine. a green lady whatnot reacts. oh. i love it. i love it. she puts a coin in the slot. now for phase one. the hands come back out and remove her eyes, nose and hair. now for phase two. the hands give her the hideous features that the blue whatnot had before. she screams and runs away. next.  floyd gathers the band backstage. okay, everybody ready.  zoot. okay, uh, so you've written a new theme song, huh. right. right. if you like it, we stay. if you don't, it's "auld lang syne" time. uh, i am sure i will love it. go. it's called "fugue for frog." see, i already love that part. good, 'cause you'll hate the rest. hit it. the band plays a funky, albeit discordant, melody. mup. mup. mup. pet. show. that was the worst. and besides that, how are you gonna play kaye ballard's closing number from back here. like always. loudly. kermit sighs and walks away. frog has no musical taste. main stage. kermit enters. once again, miss kaye ballard. the band rush onstage anyway to join kaye ballard for "one note samba." kaye and miss piggy battle to upstage each other with different instruments throughout the song. kaye wins with a tuba. well, that's about all the time we have hey, kermit. hmm. hey, me and the band want miss ballard to sign this petition about the theme song of the show. will you guys get out of here. okay. we're anklin'. come on. the band leaves. out, out, out. ankling. okay. well, having settled that, i'd like a warm thank you to our special guest star miss kaye ballard. yaay. kermit, thank you. i love you. i really do. i love all of you. wait a minute, i take that back. there's one exception. i'm, uh, i'm not too sure about miss piggy because i think she's very hoggy. she karatechops kaye. they begin fighting. we'll see you all next time on the muppet show. rowlf, the only band member left, plays the closing theme on piano. well, you must admit, nigel, this does sound a little square. play, hound, play. ) )