contents kermit appears in the show's o. it's the muppet show, with our special guest stars, the mummenschanz. the banner rises, and the theme begins. it's time to play the music it's time to light the lights it's time to meet the muppets on the muppet show tonight. it's time to put on makeup it's time to dress up right it's time to raise the curtain on the muppet show tonight. the curtain opens on fozzie. hey. 30 days has september, april, june, and my cousin fred, who'll be out on wednesday. he tosses his hat. the curtain closes. to introduce our guest star, that's what i'm here to do. so it really makes me happy to introduce to you  the mummenschanz. muppets gather around two of the mummenschanz members. but now let's get things started on the most sensational, inspirational celebrational, muppetational this is what we call the muppet show. bang. gonzo shoots the o. main stage. kermit enters to applause. thank you, thank you, and welcome again to the muppet show. and a rather unusual one we have planned, because our special guest stars are the unique masked theater group from switzerland known as the mummenschanz. but right now, let's get things started with floyd, scooter and the gang and "mr. bassman." scooter and floyd pepper sing "mr. bassman" with dr. teeth and the electric mayhem backing them up. genius. genius. author. author. a work of art. brilliant. uh, what was that about. that was about, uh    a minute and a half. hilda observes as fozzie talks on the phone, and miss piggy sings. hello. is this dialajoke.   fish got to swim, birds got to fly. i've got to love one frog till i die. she sees a note on the door of her dressing room. hmm. what is this. "my dearest piggy, you must know how much i love you."  uh, uh  "i cannot pretend any longer. i will wait for you in the dressing room, mon cher."  it has happened. oh. my kermit has admitted his love for me at last. and now, he waits within. oh, come to my arms, my little passion flower. she goes into the dressing room and shuts the door. i'm here, my love. whoosh. gonzo throws himself at her. kissy kissy. she screams and falls down. gonzo sighs. main stage. kermit enters. our special guest, the mummenschanz, is a group of performers who  well, they're kind of distant cousins to the muppets. they use a unique mixture of pantomime and masks that's about as difficult to describe as to pronounce. ladies and gentlemen, the mummenschanz. for their first act, they wear masks with different facial expressions drawn on. as the story progresses, they tear away pieces of the mask or draw on the mask, revealing new expressions. fantastic. incredible. they remind me of puppets. hmm, puppets. i've always hated puppets. aw, you're a traitor to your class. what class. i never even graduated. waldorf gives statler a smack in the face. gonzo follows piggy with flowers, singing. she kissed me. she put her arms around me and she kissed me. it was a case of mistaken identity. oh. hug me, miss piggy. hold me. i will not hug you, you twit turkey. oh. hold my hand, pig of my dreams. will you beat it, twerp just touch me, o hog of my heart. here's a touch for you, wimp buzzard. i'm ready. she walks off. gonzo gets up.  she touched me. she swung her porky pinkies and she touched me.  "the blue danube" is performed by the noisy patrons of a library. miss piggy sneezes or coughs her part. fozzie bear blows his nose and taps on the table. hilda rustles the pages of a newspaper. nigel chews gum, and zelda rose, the librarian, conducts the whole thing, as wayne and wanda dance. uh, the mummenschanz do some very strangelooking things. things that look like this. one of the members assumes the role of a caterpillar. and then there's something that goes like this. one of the members assumes the role of a fly. and how about this one. one of the members assumes the role of a green mouth that catches a speck with its tongue and eats it. couples dance in a ballroom. how long we been going together, anyway. oh, about ten years. well, it's time we got married.  oh, gee, it's so sudden. mildred and george, together again. there is such riffraff here. wouldn't you rather be associated with a better class of people. yeah. but you were the only one not dancing.  animal dances with a woman. animal, my watch won't run. ah. here, i run it for you. he grabs her by the wrist and runs with her as she yelps. meanwhile, rowlf dances with another woman. hey, you are one cute tomato, my little dumpling, my little cupcake, my little lamb chop. oh, that makes me feel so so ... amorous. let's kiss. no, hungry. let's eat. switch to two whatnots. hey, you know these jokes they give us each week. you know, they make me so mad, i could blow my top. me too. ladies first. her head explodes, then his. they continue dancing. ah, i feel better now. an eel sings "when i'm not near the fish i love." waldorf sneezes, and his face deflates.  statler. oh, ok. statler blows into waldorf's ear, inflating his face back to normal. thank you. 's all right. the three mummenschanz members sit with kermit at the regular spot. well, uh, this is the part of the show where i usually spend a few moments talking to the guest stars, but in this case the mummenschanz don't talk, do you. they nod. yeah. oh, well, um, ahem, in that case, uh, say something. i mean, say anything. it doesn't have to be important. i mean, you can say something silly. #1 blows bubbles out its mask. ask for silly, you get silly. #2 enlarges their eyes . uh, does anybody have anything important to say. #3 raises their hand. yeah. #3 unscrews the cap of their mask , and out comes a pingpong ball. #3 puts the pingpong ball into the lid of #2's head. #2 blows noisemakers out their head. and, uh, with that thought we bid goodbye to the talk spot for another week. bravo. bravo. what are you bravoing about. that performance. it was firstrate. yes, it was good. but only one act i've ever seen deserved a bravo. oh, really. who was that. lady beth macintosh and her singing parakeets. i'll never forget her closing night at the palace. what happened. well, she fell into a box of birdseed just before going on stage, and she was pecked to death by the parakeets. that's a hard act to follow. yeah. well, i was there and i cried. really. what did you cry. "bravo. bravo." waldorf nods. kermit stands with gonzo. they see piggy approaching. oh, here she comes. get down, get down. oh. yeah.  oh, hi, uh, piggy, my dear. did you call me "my dear," kermie. indeed i did. i was just wondering if you'd like to go to dinner after the show. what. yeah. you know, a quiet, candlelit meal with soft music, perhaps some wine.  and then go dancing, and walk by the river in the moonlight. oh, i would love those things, my dear. he reveals gonzo. good. so would gonzo here, and i hope the two of you have a great evening. he shoves gonzo onto piggy and exits, laughing. kissy kissy. i'm gonna cut you in half for this, frog. it is my distinct pleasure at this time to present wayne and wanda, of whom noted composer and conductor leonard bernstein wrote:  "these two are a manifestation of the musical mediocrity that passes for talent in our troubled times." hm. nice review. the curtain opens on wayne and wanda in a gazebo setting as music swells up. say it's only a paper moon, hanging over a  the paper moon falls on him. wanda shrieks. statler walks by the vendaface machine. hello. i am vendaface. huh. simply insert coin in slot, step up to machine, and i will rearrange your looks. all right. he inserts the coin in the slot. phase one. two mechanical hands emerge and tilt statler's head upward. this good. the right hand punches statler's face, leaving it twisted. the hands retract. statler walks away piggy approaches kermit as he sits at his desk. oh, kermit. that was a low and dirty trick, setting up a date with me and gonzo. wasn't it. well  well, piggy, i suppose it was, yeah. i'm sorry. oh, really. oh. how sweet of you to apologize so abjectly to your lover pig. she leans on his shoulder. gonzo leans on her shoulder. well, that wasn't exactly an abject apology. piggy talks back and forth to kermit and gonzo. get away from me, you giant beak.  kermit, now that you've begged for my forgiveness  don't touch me, creep..  why don't we just kissypoo and make up, my darling.  you're breathing on me..  kissy kissy. uh  well, piggy, while i appreciate this offer of affection, i hope you'll understand when i tell you, as usual, that i do not want you. oh, then, can i have her. she uses both hands to karatechop them both. she walks off. kermit and gonzo get up, dazed and crumpled. here's a muppet news flash.  dateline, moscow. sergei lenofsky, whom the russians claim is the world's oldest living human, celebrated his 196th birthday yesterday by taking a deep breath. sergei has 96 children, 150 grandchildren and 228 greatgrandchildren  none of whom visit him. said his youngest son, leonid: "he smells funny." ladies and gentlemen, the mummenschanz. the mummenschanz perform with masks made of clay. as the scene progresses, they add more and more clay, changing their appearance. the one character is jealous of the other's ability to make beautiful sculptures with his face. soon, this devolves into a battle in which they eventually find themselves stuck to each other. well, that's about all the time we have ... oh, kermit, my love, i am so sorry about my little temper tantrum. old buzzardbeak was driving me crazy. whoosh. gonzo throws himself at her again. you drive me crazy, miss piggy. you know something, nasty nose. i'm going to send you on a oneway trip to the geek farm.. send me. she punches him, then holds up her fist. pig power. she exits. well, the course of true love never runs smooth. but right now, let's have a warm thankyou to our special guest stars, andres bossard, floriana frassetto and bernie schurch, better known as the mummenschanz.  thank you, kermit. it's been great. say, you guys really do work as a team. we'll see you all next time on the muppet show. floyd, scooter, george, hilda and piggy gather around the mummenschanz as the credits roll. that was a funny show. yes, it was. i wonder if they meant it that way. ) )