contents the outside of the dressing room. scooter is knocking on the door. zero mostel, 25 seconds. stand by. mr. mostel. camera zooms out to the floor below scooter, where fozzie is. hey, fozzie, where's mr. mostel. oh, he's in his dressing room eating. the dressing room. behemoth is chewing on zero mostel's arm. i'm not in my dressing room eating. i'm in my dressing room being eaten. zero tosses various objects on the table in front of him, and a glass of water, into behemoth's mouth. it's the muppet show with our very special guest star, mr. zero mostel. the curtain opens and thethemebegins. oh, please let them be funny this once. gonzo'strumpet goes off like a firecracker with a highpitched squeaking. main stage. kermit enters. thank you, thank you. good evening, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the muppet show. tonight's special guest star has many, many talents. let's see... he acts, he sings, he dances, he does comedy, and they all add up to a great big zero for zero mostel. but first, in an attempt to placate the culture lovers of our audience...  oh, at last, at last. ...and in the wings, uh, we open tonight's show with a little classical music. here is chopin's polonaise in aflat. fozzie peeks through the curtain.  psst. psst. kermit, kermit, the concert pianist could not make it. yeah, but, i just introduced the polonaise. it's okay. here. here, i got a whole new intro written.  read that. good luck, kid. let's see, uh... oh. ok, ladies and gentlemen, chopin's polonaise in aflat, as performed by... dr. teeth. what. the electric mayhem plays a funk version of chopin's polonaise in aflat. yeah, yeah. oh, yeah.  honk it, honk it. yeah, yeah.  chopin. chopin. cookin', cookin'. chopin. chopin. when the band finishes, sam, in the wings, buries his face in a handkerchief and cries. you know, i'm really gonna enjoy tonight. you plan to like this show. no, i plan to watch television. waldorf sets up a television set in front of them. the band comes offstage. ok, good ol' chopin. you can't beat the classics. you can only destroy 'em. hey, frogis amphibious. yeah. yeah, don't forget today is payday. payday. payday. payday, again. it was payday last year. it seems to be getting to be a habit around here. well, i'll see what's in the old cash box here. kermit goes further backstage to another desk and opens the cash box. moths fly out of it. three moths and a washer. well, that's more than we usually have. oh, where am i going to get the payroll money. scooter comes through the door behind kermit. oh, how much do you need, kermit. oh scooter. twentyseven dollars and fourteen cents. wow. that's high finance. a telephone rings. i'll get it. scooter goes to kermit's desk and picks up the phone. hello. oh, hi, uncle j.p. that's scooter's uncle, j.p. grosse, the bloodless old tightwad who owns this theater. yeah, yeah. well, listen, uh... smoke puffs out of the phone. could you put your cigar out, please. it stops. thanks. kermit tries to listen in on the conversation. oh, everything's fine. yeah, except kermit needs some money to make the payroll. uhhuh... uhhuh... uhhuh... uhhuh. uh, what'd he say. he said, "uhhuh." terrific. if... uh, if what. if you put some good oldfashioned entertainment back into the show. oh. you mean like an irish tenor. no. a dog act. jugglers. spoon players. what. scooter shakes his head "no" at every suggestion. lady wrestlers.  terrific. i was afraid he wanted something tasteless. main stage. kermit enters. ok, now it's time for our special guest to do something special. ladies and gentlemen, mr. zero mostel. zero mostel, dressed as king henry the viii, sings "what do the simple folk do." with hisqueen and muppy. when the queen suggests that "simple folk" sing to escape their blues, zero bursts out singing pagliacci. statler and waldorf are watching their television. yeah, what's the name of this movie. beach blanket frankenstein. hmm. awful. terrible film. yeah, well, we could watch the muppet show instead. they peek over the balcony to look at the stage, then shake their heads and return to their television. wonderful. terrific film. kermit is holding the phone at his desk. aw, where am i gonna find a couple of lady wrestlers at this late date.  hello, killer katie, terror of toledo. how'd you like to work on the muppet show tonight. ... i see. transcendental meditation. that's too bad. animal enters. someone is heard knocking on the door. hey, animal, would you get the door. wha. i say, would you get the door. get the door. ah, get the door.  maybe i could try mother the mauler... a cracking is heard. animal has ripped the door off its hinges and brings it to kermit. here door. animal leaves and granny the gouger enters. my, what a dynamic doorman you have here. how was your tennis game today. have a rough match. her partner turns his head around to reveal a tennis ball lodged in his mouth. i see you did. do you play tennis. of course. how's your backhand. uh, fair. how's your forehand. oh, they're terrific. he lifts up two extra arms. you say you watched six tennis matches today. how do you feel. her partner turns his head around to reveal his pupils pointing in opposite directions. uh, fine. just fine. two tennis balls are dancing together. what'd you do today. just spent the day in court. my tennis instructor says i've been using too small a racket. oh, why not get a big racket. you say you want a big racket. yeah. crazy harry sets off an explosion and cackles. kermit is at the desk in the prop room. sam enters. excuse me, kermit, may i speak with you. sure, sam. what you want. i think you know why i am here. well, actually, sam, to tell you the truth, i've never known why you're here. i feel my job is to make sure this program is morally upright and cultural and wholesome. beautiful day monster approaches them from behind. you got your work cut out for you, bird.  now that was unwholesome. that was not cultural. uh... uh, fine, fine. but what can i do for you, sam. i want to know who is going to be on tonight's show. oh, well, let's see, tonight's show is very classy, it's very highbrow, you'll like this show. ah, good. yes, yes. tell me more. sam paces and "mmhmm"s his approval as kermit talks. let's see. we got... fozzie is doing a pantomime with zero mostel. got a musical number... musical number. good, good. ...with zoot and rowlf. and then of course we've got... uh, we got the lady, uh...  ...the lady wrestlers. sam stops pacing and stands at kermit's shoulder. the what. uh... oh, nothing, sam. it's just... we got, uh, some lady, uh...  lady wrestlers. stand by for the pantomime number. lady what. lady wrest...  wrest, what. ...lers. lady wrestlers.. lady wrestlers. sam rages around the prop room. sam, sam, you don't understand have we no shame..  i... kermit, something, something must be done here. yeah, but... someone must work for integrity and decency. someone, someone must do this. i shall continue to speak out, knowing someday i will get my just desserts. uh, sam, you will someday get your just desserts. beautiful day reenters holding a pie, which he hits sam in the face with.  what was that. just desserts.  the road is long. the path is steep. bunsen is at the table with a short red container in front of him. oh. dr. bunsen honeydew here at muppet labs, where the future is being made today. beaker emerges, terrified, from behind a set piece. well, we've had a major breakthrough here at the laboratory. beaker, come on in here and let's show them muppet labs' brandnew magnetic carrots. beaker approaches the table. come on, beaker. just pick up the lid there. it's alright.  he removes the lid to reveal some carrots on a tray. isn't that snazzy. beaker shakes his head "no." now these carrots are perfectly ordinary in every way, except that they are magnetic. the carrots fly off the plate onto a metal grate.  beaker tries to pry the carrots off the grate. yes, friends, you can carry these new magnetic carrots home on the roof of your car and store them on the ceiling of your refrigerator.  a robot rabbit has entered and is making its way over to beaker. oh, of course, to be perfectly honest, there is one slight drawback. sometimes the magnetic carrots tend to attract steel, uh, rabbits. bunsen ducks below the table as the rabbit smacks beaker to the floor. it takes the carrots and leaves. bunsen reappears. tune in next time for news of our research into the feasibility of castiron watchdogs. beaker comes up, disheveled and dazed. beaker... ah, let's switch channels. this show is dull. you bet. waldorf clicks a button on the tv. what is that. it looks like two ancient old guys sitting in a theater box watching television. that's crazy. no one would watch junk like that. zero mostel is powdering his face. sam enters. uh, excuse me, mr. mostel. yes. i am sam the eagle... i'm so glad to know you. mmm, yes, glad to know you. i am the upholder of decency and dignity for this show. are you really. mmm, yes. i believe this program is trivial... sam turns his back on zero, and as he does, zero makes a face, sticks the powder puff in his mouth, and flaps his arms mockingly. ...and... and not fit for family viewing. sam turns around again, and zero instantly stops. it is... it is disgracefully lacking in culture. sam faces away from zero, and zero reaches for a hammer. it is disgracefully lacking in culture. mmm, i'm glad you agree with me, yes. i, personally, have always felt that this program... zero winds up to hit sam with the hammer. when sam turns around to face him again, he drops it behind his back. must... must, i say, be cleansed of all nonsense and silliness. sam turns away again. zero aims a gun at sam, and sticks the barrel in his mouth when sam turns back. mmm. don't you agree with me, sir. sam faces away again. of course. must be cleansed. zero dumps a glass of water behind sam. yes. now, it seems to me that you and i think alike. zero makes faces at sam, then resumes a pleasant expression when sam turns around. we do. well, it's been a pleasure... they shake hands. a pleasure talking to you, sir. a man of dignity.  dignity. always dignity. dignity, dignity...  granny the gouger approaches kermit at his desk.  i'm sorry to keep you waiting, ma'am. what can i do for you. yes, i understood you're looking for lady wrestlers. you see, i'm granny the gouger and i'd like to audition.  you want to audition. that's very funny. is this some kind of a joke or something. joke. funny. young man, it's not nice to make fun of an old lady. you're going to be old yourself someday. she winds up to punch kermit. he ducks and she knocks the intercom off the wall. and when that day comes, you're going to be sorry you weren't nicer to granny.  i think i'm sorry already. zootandrowlf the dogplay "smoke gets in your eyes." slowly, smoke begins to billow out of zoot's saxophone until, by the end of the song, the room is filled with smoke. a library set. zero mostel is sitting engrossed in a book, which he shuts on his nose and then pries off. he beckons to the camera and begins his poem. late, late at night the world sleeps...  and i am here alone and here i come some nights to confront my fears muppet monsters creep up behind him, growling. they're here, my fears they are always with me lurking, scurrying, hiding and waiting they come. and they go the monsters all dart away. but though they are gone they are never far and here, alone at night... ...i can confront them he throws open some drawers on a desk and monsters spill out of them. there they are, confronted fears fears of hunger, fears of pain... ow. shakey sanchez runs by him. fears of missing the last train fear of dentists always drilling fear that no one will be willing to see me as i know i really am. once they are counted and compelled they can quickly be dispelled  the desk monsters vanish. like figments of my own imagination. but always... there are other fears. more monsters surround him and lurk out of book shelves. fears of snakes, fears of cats fears of matre d's and rats an irrational black terror that someday i may get fat fear of elevators falling and the taxman someday calling and the accidental walling of myself green and purple heap crawl up onto his shoulders. up inside a clammy, dank old dingy cellar where the spiders weave around my tummy and the worms and bugs and crawly things squirm and squiggle at my person  oh, i love it. once they are counted and compelled they can quickly be dispelled  the monsters vanish. but then... there are other fears fears of bullets, there's a dread fear of baldness on the head fear of waking up one morning to discover that you are dead more monsters surround him. once they are counted and compelled they can quickly be dispelled  the monsters vanish. like figments of my own imagination. like figments of my own imagination then there is the last fear just about the time i'm past fear the one that really is final it will come yours... and mine'll timmy monster walks in behind him. in the darkest of the night it will come without a fight it will count me and compel me it will casually dispel me zero vanishes, leaving just timmy monster, who looks around curiously. for i am just a figment of its own imagination timmy shrugs. oh, look at that. the show's almost over and i still haven't found another lady wrestler. oh, where in the world am i gonna find another heavyweight, aggressive, tough female with a killer's instinct. miss piggy enters. hello, kermit. oh... oh, hi, miss piggy. and, pray tell, what is my wonderfulness doing. oh, you see, i was just thinking that you'd be perfect for a special spot in tonight's show. you have created a spot just for moi.  oh, tell me about it, my little green ball of passion. uh... yes, yes, yes. yeah. well, you see, this is a spot that requires an actress with tremendous strength... yes. ...versatility, uh... yes. ...and someone who's all female. oh. oh, what is it. joan of arc. uh, no. naughty marietta. well, uh, no. oh, lady macbeth. well, uh, it's more like a lady wrestler.  lady... wrestler.  well, yeah. it's a sort of thing where you, uh... you have to have the ability to... i mean, wrestlers are...  lady wrestler.. piggy chases kermit offscreen and back again, both screaming. zoot and floyd enter. what do you make of that, man. ten to one on the pig. kermit and piggy run past again, still screaming. right. kermit tries to hide between floyd and zoot, then keeps running. lady wrestler.. animal plays a solo, but his drum catches on fire before he can finish. scooter enters the stage. tonight we're gonna present you with a cultural demonstration of female grace and dexterity. so here they are, direct from the bali hai bowladrome, granny the gouger and the mysterious miss mask. one fall, no holds barred. the curtain opens. granny the gouger and kermit wearing a wig, mask, and cape are warming up in a wrestling ring. hope your insurance is paid, frog. the bell rings and the two prepare to fight. granny takes kermit to the ground easily. c'mon... hiyah. granny ties up kermit's limbs. booing and whistling come from the crowd. granny picks up kermit and throws him out of the ring. alleyoop. kermit lands in statler and waldorf's box. i think you'd better give up, frog. what, and leave show business. piggy enters the ring.  what did you do to my frog. hmm. i'll show you. hiyah. piggy karatechops granny the gouger, who falls over backwards. the audience cheers and applauds. kermit stands in front of the curtain, his arm in a sling and covered in bandages. well, that's about it for another muppet show. some of us have taken great pains to bring you this show. uh, but right now i'd like to thank our special guest star, who has joined the ranks of the muppet monsters, mr. zero mostel. come on out. zero comes onstage flanked by big mean mama and boppity, making monster noises with them. sam enters from the other side of the stage. now you stop that, mr. mostel. uh, well, that's about it. we'll see you all next time on the muppet show. must there be a next time. zero bites sam on the beak. the credits roll and the theme song plays. well, what do you think of television. waldorf gets electrocuted by the television. shocking, isn't it. waldorf grabs statler and they both get shocked. ) )