contents scooter is outside the guest star's dressing room. rich little. oh, rich little. fortyfive seconds to curtain, mr. little. rich little emerges wearing a long scarf and top hat. godfrey daniels. send for a shepherd. there seems to be a pig in my dressing room.  gee, that was w.c. fields. where's rich little. rich little enters again with a fedora and trench coat. of all the gin joints in all the towns in all the world, i had to walk into this infested hole. ah, here's looking at... at you, kid.  wow, humphrey bogart. but where's rich little. mean mama emerges from the guest star's dressing room. oh, i'll be ready, scooter, little buddy.  boy, rich little does impressions of everybody. it's the muppet show with our very special guest star, mr. rich little. the curtain opens and thethemebegins. i've seen enough, let's leave. mmm. gonzo'strumpet blows up a long, yellow balloon. main stage. kermit enters to applause. ok, greetings, greetings, sayeth the frog and welcome to another half hour of whatever this is. for tonight, we tried to book every internationallyknown superstar to appear on our stage at the same time. uh, they couldn't make it. yeah, babysitting problems and stuff like that, i guess. actually, we did get one star, and he's enough because he can become all of the other ones. naturally, i'm referring to the master impressionist, mr. rich little. but before we see him, how about a little chanson d'amour, hmm. a trio ofgirl singersperform "chanson d'amour."crazy harryjoins them to perform the "ratatatata" part... along with a bit of explosive punctuation.  oh, what'd i miss. oh, nothing, they just bombed again. crazy harry exits the stage. hey, very sensitive, crazy harry. you certainly have a way with a lyric. enter gonzo. hey, kermit, kermit. have you seen any chickens around here today. chickens. gonzo, why would there be any chickens around here. well, i'm auditioning for my new dancing chicken act. it's gonna be sensational. a dancing chicken act. gonzo, i've never heard of anything as ridiculous as a dancing chicken. how about a talking frog. be wise, gonzo. well, look, i advertised for dancing chickens in the paper. so the minute they show up, just send them back to the prop room, ok. yeah. thank you.  sure, send the chickens to the prop room. ad in the paper. chickens can't read. frogs, yes, but chickens, never.  a live chicken is wandering around backstage. uh, yeah, well, the... the prop room is down there. it's the second door on your left, sir... or madam.  main stage. kermit enters. ok, it's guest star time on the old muppet show. so here he is, the only man i know who can be anyone he feels like, mr. rich little. fanfare and applause as the curtains open on rich. thank you, thank you. it's great to be here. i'd like to start off this evening by doing my impression of truly one of the great comedians of our time.  aaahhh. hiya, hiya, hiya. it's great to see you happy folks 'cause i'm the bear with the snappy jokes. aaahhh. hey, that's terrific, just great. yeah, the voice is perfect. and the jokes are perfectly awful. hey, look, i'm down here pretending to be a bear. they're up there pretending to be alive. aaahhh.  very good. yeah, but watch it, rich, you'll blow the impression by being funny.  you mean you're not impressed with these impressions. was that you or him. i couldn't tell. this guy's good.  but let me tell you, folks, a funny thing happened on the way to the theater. i'm coming through a crowd at the stage door when suddenly... enter fozzie.  don't tell me, i know. aaahhh... aaahhh... bob hope. milton berle. uh, jack benny.  will you get out of here..   uh, sorry for the interruption, folks. uh, kermit the frog here. we've got a really great show lined up for you tonight, featuring gonzo and the flying cheese, plus the state of new jersey. enter kermit.  oh, uh, gee. uh, look... look who's here. rich, it's you. see, i was in the dressing room and i heard you onstage and for a second i thought i had grown a new me.  hello, kermie. what. kissykissy. hey, it's terrific.  if you don't let me sing tonight on the show ... i'll rip off your flippers. please, piggy... rich. this is all very enter piggy. i heard you out here talking to another woman. where is she. no no no, piggy. that was rich little here. wasn't it, rich. hey, uh, no, it wasn't me. i just got here myself. i thought so, swamp face. but... hiyah.   hey, watch what you do to my frog, baconhips. hiyah. they karatechop each other and crash to the ground at the same time. oh, what a performance. and what a finish, right into the orchestra pit. yeah, good old rich little. who else can do impressions and break a piano in two with his head.  gonzo and rowlf, at the piano, are sitting in the prop room. ok, who's next. come on in. a live chicken enters. all right, we're auditioning here for a new dancing chicken act. so naturally, i want to see you hoof. hit it, rowlf. rowlf plays as gonzo watches the chicken. ok, can you do a little time step.... no, you can't do a little time step. how about the turkey trot. nope. ok, let's see you cross over here. come on. one, two, three, four. at least do something. ...ok, uh, don't call us, we'll call you. the chicken exits. nice legs, though. i've heard that dancing is good for you, that it can add ten years to your life. i believe it. dancing with you, i've aged ten years. mary louise is squeezing a catatonic animal. tell me if i'm holding you too tight. i say, tell me if i'm holding you too tight. animal drops to the ground. now you tell me. oh, look at that. you should call him a doctor. ok. you're a doctor. animal pulls himself up on piggy and her partner. ah.. ah... excuse... excuse me. will you stop trying to cut in. hiyah. aah.  what's the quickest way out of here. through the roof.  kaboom. animal goes flying. miss piggy sings "the boy in the gallery" with rowlf on piano. eventually, she is joined by the audience. join in, everyone. take it, piggy. everybody. lenny the lizardperforms "the glowworm." he is approached by twoinchworms, both of which he eats. when a third approaches, he is met with abig surprise. there, now that's entertainment. that's what you said about the war of 1812. a group of reporters including the newsman, mildred huxtetter, and fleet scribbler greet rich little outside the stage door. oh, here he is. shh, shh. i understand there are reporters who want to interview me. yes, that's right, mr. little. i just want you to know we are professional journalists. we won't ask you to do any impressions. you can just be yourself. thank you, i appreciate that. mr. little, i have a twopart question. one, how long does it take you to work up an impression. two, would you answer as cary grant. uh, listen, now, listen, we weren't gonna ask him to perform. but i just love cary grant.  thank you very much, madam. i really appreciate that, i really do. well, to answer the first part of your question, some come very quickly, like two or three hours, and others take longer. of course, there are some that i'm still working on. you mean like your cary grant.   i heard that, junior. another crack out of you, and i'll turn your head into a dimple.  oh, i just love burt lancaster. i thought i was doing cary grant. i know. but i just love burt lancaster.  ha ha ha. you're very kind, miss, very kind. perhaps after this interview we could go out together, have a little champagne supper. ha ha ha. oh, i think i'm going to faint. the newsman catches her.  good grief. listen, i must apologize for my colleagues here. from now on there will be no impressions. you can just answer in your own voice. oh, that'll be fine. uh, are you doing your own voice now, or are you doing an impression of yourself. no, this is my own voice. i've never learned to do me. working with all the strange characters on this show must seem like a marx brothers movie.  that's the nastiest thing i've heard. why don't you put your teeth in backwards and bite yourself to death. has anyone ever objected to you impersonating him.  uh... well, of course, let me say this: to the best of my... to the best of my recollection, i don't think that anybody has ever objected to me impersonating them. tell me, mr. little, do you have your own favorite impression you like to do.  well, i, uh, like... like to do jimmy stewart a lot, yeah, yep, yep. jimmy stewart is probably... probably my favorite actor. one last question, mr. little. how does it feel to be on the muppet show with all those strange weird creatures.  oh, i just adore the muppets. they're... they're so cute and cuddly. i could just squeeze them all to death... sweetums, timmy monster, gorgon heap, and mean mama open the stage door and attack him from behind. gonzo is surrounded by chickens in the prop room. ok, everybody with broadway experience, step forward. in the operating room, miss piggy skeptically examines a tool before running to join the others at the table. the patient is fozzie bear. and now veterinarian's hospital, the continuing story of a quack who's gone to the dogs. mm. uh, dr. bob, dr. bob, are you ready for the next bear. why, nurse piggy, i couldn't have a beer now. i'm about to operate. no, not beer, bear. the next patient. oh, why, so he is. what seems to be his trouble. he's a little hoarse. i thought you said he was a bear. that's very funny, dr. bob. yes, it is a little weird. usually, you call a small horse a colt. but that's why he's a little hoarse. he's got a colt in the head. all laugh oh wow... hey, in that case, we must try to stabilize his condition. oh, well how do we do that. put him in the stable. all laugh oh, but, dr. bob, we're supposed to operate. you're right. hand me the saw. saw, dr. bob. dr. bob, even if he is a horse, should you be using a saw. what's the matter. you never heard of a saw horse. all laugh, including fozzie. and so dr. bob has tuned to carpentry. tune in next time when you will hear him say...  say, i think this is a bear i'm operating on. why. because i'm barely operating.  that was a very cutting remark. aaaahhh.  kermit calls into the intercom by his desk. ok, scooter, let me know when he shows up, huh. janice and rowlf exit the stage. nice going, guys, nice going. enter gonzo. hey, kermit. what. where are you gonna put my chicken act in the show. well, gonzo, i hate to break this news to you, but the dancing chicken act is out. but, kermit, why.. why. well, somehow, you see, kid, it doesn't fit into the general ambiance of sophistication and classic theater we try so hard to achieve around here. sort of like our next act, nureyev. scooter enters. say, kermit. hm. nureyev just called and canceled out. one of his seals is sick.  rudolf nureyev has trained seals. no. adolph nureyev does. does this mean i can go on. well, ok, gonzo. but this act better not lay an egg.   stardom is mine. main stage. kermit enters to the fanfare. uh, thank you, thank you. uh, and now we have a very special treat for you. uh, actually, it's the only act we've got. ladies and gentlemen, the incomparable gonzo and his dancing chicken, lolita. gonzo and a chicken. why not. one chicken, one turkey. curtains open on gonzo, with lolita on a leash. "tea for two" plays. ok, come on, lolita, dance... she makes it look easy, don't she.... a big finish. here it goes. lolita doesn't move, but the audience of chickens applauds. say, that great gonzo's pretty good. good. why, he's got 'em laying in the aisles. main stage. kermit enters. and now the muppet show takes pride in presenting scenes from the great hollywood musical comedies of yesterday, as recreated today by our very special guest star, mr. rich little. scenes from the great musical comedies of yesterday: rich little and the muppets recreate scenes fromsingin' in the rain,gigi, andhigh society. rich performs "singin' in the rain" with fozzie , "well did you evah." with kermit the frog , and "i remember it well" with miss piggy .  old blue eyes is back. oh, yeah. well, so's old green eyes. sing it, bing. i can remember everything as if it were yesterday. oh, so can i, maurice. well, that's about it for another one, folks. let's thank our very special guest star, mr. rich little. yeah. rich joins kermit onstage. thank you. i've been backstage listening, and i've perfected another impression of a muppet star. oh, yeah. well, let's hear it.  gonzo rushes in. my kind of performer. will you cut that out. hey, we'll see you all next time on the muppet show. gonzo leaves, ashamed. mean mama, miss piggy, mildred, kermit and fozzie surround rich as the credits roll. i never want to go through that again. what, the muppet show. no, the war of 1812. ) )