contents the dressing room. scooter knocks on the door and peers in. george burns. george burns, twenty seconds to curtain, mr. burns. gonzo plays the violin next to him. i'm ready. but uh, but what is that. it's my new act. gonzo fiddles while george burns. i like that joke. it's a pleasure to hear something that's older than i am.  it's the muppet show, with our special guest star, mr. george burns. whaaaa. the curtain opens, and the theme begins. isn't this opening pretentious. a gunshot is fired from gonzo's horn when he blows it. main stage. kermit enters to applause. okay, thank you, thank you and welcome again to another muppet show. hey, we've got a great show tonight because our guest star is mr. george burns.  that's very funny. what's funny. "gonzo fiddles while george burns."  have you ever thought of checking in to the home for the chronically strange. but right now, let's start things off by going south of the border. miss piggy and some pigs perform "cuanto le gusta." well, there it is. your basic latin number. well, actually, it's your basic piglatin number. they chuckle. kermit sees a figure holding a notepad. what's going on. who are you. no, the name's fleet. fleet scribbler. i'm a gossip columnist for the daily scandal. well listen, i'm sorry, but we don't allow andy reporters backstage during the show. what a headline.  "muppets ban press, reporter thrown out by frog." wait. uh  on the other hand, can i offer you a cup of coffee. what a headline.  "frog bribes reporter, muppets desperate for publicity." oh, this isn't going to be easy. say, is it true you're dropping a lot of stuff from the show this year. uh, no. no, not particularly. aha.  "muppets relying on same old tired junk." uh, wait, wait. on the other hand, we have a lot of brandnew, innovative stuff. ohh.  "muppets changing format, desperate to sustain show." i never knew the press could be so depressing. hey, kermit, kermit, aren't you supposed to be introducing george burns. oh, yeah. uh, 'scuse me.   what a headline that would make. what. "gonzo fiddles while george burns."  that joke is definitely making a comeback. it's a very special night on the muppet show because with us is one of the men of comedy who can really be called special. here he is with a cigar and a song, mr. george burns. the curtain opens on george leaning on a piano, played by rowlf. thank you, thank you, thank you very much, and i'm delighted to be here. hey, well, you know, i'm really glad you could make it, george. it's a real honor for me to be playing piano for you. thank you, rowlf. i haven't worked with a dog for years.  you mean you've actually worked with a dog. oh, sure, back in vaudeville. in those days dog acts were very popular. so i picked up a dog off the street and went to the theater to do my act. i walked out on stage with the dog under my arm, stood there and sang my songs. in the middle of my third song, the dog did his act.  twice. he bit me. the dog bit me right in the middle of my top note. and to make matters worse, the theater manager came back, canceled me and hired the dog. oh. well, i hope you won't hold that against us dogs. oh, no, no, no, no, i love dogs, especially if they can play in my key. oh, listen, i can play in any key. i'm another jascha heifetz. jascha heifetz played the violin. well nobody will know the difference, george. okay, rowlf, in my key, "train back home". i guess i'll take the train back home. rowlf overplays the vamp. hold it, hold it, hold it, rowlf. you're liable to hurt yourself. play like you're not getting paid. nice and easy. right. nice and easy it is. right from the top. right. i guess i'll take the train back home. there's no more sights here left for me to see. i've wined and dined and gazed on billoffares, till mother's homemade pies look good to me. san francisco is a grand old place. when i get back i'll never never roam. tell those cable cars to wait, and open up that golden gate, i'm going to take the train back home, to san francisco. i'm going to take the train back home, to powell and market. to see the ferry building. to wave to oakland. to eat at fisherman's wharf. to visit sausalito. to go to finocchio's. took me so long to finish this song, i just missed the train back home. isn't that a nice song. rowlf finishes with a flourish. applause. wow, that george burns is a great singer. yeah, well, so am i, statler. what. sure, you wanna hear me sing. only if you sing tenor. tenor. tenor eleven miles away.  piggy talks to an unseen figure in her dressing room. how should i know what "cuanto le gusta" means.  hiya, chickie baby. watch it, buster. i'm fleet scribbler, uh, from the daily scandal. i'm a reporter.  and what can your chickie baby do for you. well, i wanted to talk to you.  you want to interview me. ah. well, not exactly.  oh. what do you want. dirt. what. you know, scandal, the hot skinny. what really goes on behind the scenes. well, i couldn't do that. there is such a thing as loyalty to one's fellow performers. hmm, too bad. i also wanted to do a picture spread of you. something for page three. a beat. well, first of all...  ...just the other day... kermit notices them. hey, wait a second. hey, scribbler. those are all lies. a performance of "chattanooga choochoo" is cut short by an oncoming train. george takes a puff as kermit enters. uh, eexcuse me, mr. burns. i wanted to warn you about this reporter that's backstage. he writes a gossip column. that's all right, kermit. as long as he doesn't write the obituary column, i'm not worried.   yeah, but  but he writes for the daily scandal and he'll do anything for sensationalism. pay no attention to him, burns. uh, he's only a frog. uh, thanks. uh  look, i'll get right down to the point, uh, burns. how much are they paying you on this show. hey, now, now, wait a second  let me  let me  let me handle this, kermit. they're paying me $250,000.  ah, come on, is that a lie. one of my best. look, burns, uh, for years you were nothin' but a vaudeville actor and now you've made two films. is it difficult to be an actor. no, i think it's very easy to be an actor. if you're doing a scene where a man tells you to sit down, if you sit down, that's good acting. if he tells you to sit down and you keep standing up, that's bad acting. i always sit down, i'm a good actor.  i've been around so long that i can sit don and get paid for doing it, i'm in the right business. he takes another puff and blows it in fleet's face. fleet exits. that's the end of the interview. goodbye, kid. ah. hey, you really, you really took care of him, mr. burns. thanks, kermit. say, how many of those cigars do you smoke a day. about twenty a day. at my age, i gotta hold on to something.  open on piggy breathing from an oxygen mask. and now, veterinarian's hospital, the continuing stoooory of a quack who has gone to the dogs. piggy quickly takes her position at the table. ahem. uh  dr. bob, are you ready for your next patient. next patient. what happened to the last one. he left for a better doctor. which doctor. that's right. rimshot. they all laugh. "witch doctor". "witch doctor". oh. here it is, dr. bob. hmm. he uncovers a telephone on the operating table. it's a telephone. what's the matter with it. it isn't working. isn't working. well, tell it to get a job so it can pay me.  oh, rully. maybe it's a pay phone. rimshot. they all laugh. a pay phone. oh, wow. dr. bob, do you know anything about repairing telephones. no, but i can look it up in the book. the medical book. no, the telephone book. they all laugh. rully  what do you think, dr. bob. it must be jaundice. how do you know. well, look at all these yellow pages. rimshot. they all laugh. dr. bob. hmm. dr. bob, do you think the telephone needs an anesthetic. well, if so, make it a local. why. because long distance costs too much. they all laugh. piggy cracks up. wait a minute. nurse piggy, do you have the next line.  yes, but i can't say it. how come. the line's busy. rimshot. they all laugh. dr. bob. hmm. dr. bob, wow, are you ever going to operate. uh, no. but i know who will. well, who.  the telephone operator. rimshot. they all laugh. oh, wow. and so, once again, dr. bob is off the hook.  you talking to me.  tune in next week when you'll hear nurse piggy say does the phone remind you of anything. well, it does ring a bell. they all laugh. "ring a bell". fozzie sings "wotcher knocked 'em in the old kent road." statler and waldorf join in on the chorus.  watch the hands.  watch the feet.  wotcher wallet. here we go.  everybody. the audience joins in for the final chorus. george takes a puff as gonzo enters. excuse me, mr. burns, remember me. i'm gonzo. oh, one of the marx brothers  groucho, chico, harpo and gonzo. no, no, no. i'm the great gonzo. i'm in show business too. well, how did you get a name like gonzo. well, my mother gave it to me. your mother. mmhm. yeah, she died two years before i was born. well, if she died two years before you were born, how could she give you that name.   she left a note to your/my father. yeah. a note to your father, i thought so. coming from you that sounds believable.  yeah. hey, look, i hope you don't mind me coming in here like this, but i know you love show business, and  and those stories about the early days are really interesting. well, some of them are pretty dull. how can you say that. i haven't even told you any of my stories yet. oh, yours. i thought you meant... ah, i remember my first act. i worked with a kangaroo who could tell time. a kangaroo who could tell time. yeah. it was a trick. he kept a pocket watch in his pouch. well, if you've got a pouch, that's the place to keep it.  yeah, but he was always wrong. he kept his watch on australia time. makes sense. not really. he's never been to australia. well, that makes sense too. where did he  where did he come from. sidney. i thought you said he'd never been to australia. sidney's his agent. oh, has he got an office in pittsburgh. yeah. used to handle me. you know something, gonzo. you sound a lot like somebody i used to work with. really. that's a compliment. you know... you know who that is. sure, walter matthau. yeah, that's her. hmm.  i must be getting old. i think i enjoyed talking to him.  open on the ballroom. a variant of the "at the dance" music plays as couples dance. kermit tries to get away from piggy. kermie. kermie, won't you dance with me. kermie. i won't dance, don't ask me. i won't dance, don't ask me. i won't dance, madame, with you. my heart won't let my feet do things they should do. you know what. what. you're lovely. and so what. i'm lovely. but oh, what, you do to me. i'm like an ocean wave that's bumped on the shore   i feel so absolutely stumped on the floor. when you dance, you're charming and you're gentle. oh yeah. 'specially when you do the continental. but this feeling isn't purely mental... for heaven rest us, i'm not asbestos. and that's why, i won't dance, why should i. i won't dance, how could i. i won't dance. merci beaucoup. i know that music leads the way to romance,  so if i hold you in my arms.. i won't dance. she drops him. applause. bravo, bravo. why are you yelling bravo. did you like it that much. no. a friend of mine, joe bravo. he's sitting in the third row. oh. bravo, bravo. up here. a monster encounters a machine that beeps. he turns a dial, and the machine talks. this is a recorded analytic program readout. we will start with the upper right of the module. you will note the longitudinally polarized antenna. the monster pulls off the antenna and devours it. this component is virtually indestructible and is guaranteed for the life of the unit. a bell rings. there is an alarm system which is activated if the machine is damaged. the monster eats the alarm. adjacent to the alarm is the digital iambic generator. the monster eats the generator. this unit is pressurized with large amounts of methane gas. the monster lets out a large burp. on the top of the intercellular power generator, you will see a spherical voltage oblongata. the monster eats the sphere. it should be noted that this unit alone is worth over $17,000. sfx: chaching. by way of contrast, the doppler sublimated magneto located on the front of the generator  the monster tears it off.  can be purchased in any hardware store for about thirtyseven cents. the monster tosses it, then devours the rest of the machine. the intercellular power structure and generator itself is filled with a series of manxome coils attenuated dicotyledonously. in this same circuit there is an intaglio of numismatic krypton wavelengths which abrogates the hydromatic mome raths at the rate of five ventrical icons per micro cantabile. the electromagnetic console...  the monster finishes by eating the talking part of the machine, which continues talking inside his stomach. in conclusion, nothing can keep this machine from performing its function which is to be the most powerful exploding device known to man. disgusting. ever sees eating like that. sure. where. thanksgiving dinner with my inlaws. they chuckle. hey, kermit, do you know about the newspaper reporter who's snooping around here. yeah, fleet scribbler. well, he asked me to tell him all about the show's scandals and behindthescenes dirt. oh, i know, it's just awful. it was. i didn't know where to begin.  what. well, i mean, i could have talked for hours.  i don't want to hear about it. well, anyway, now he's talking to the swedish chef. well, he can't get any information from him. switch to the chef and scribbler talking to each other in mock swedish. on the other hand...  ladies and gentlemen, once again, the one and only mr. george burns. applause. rowlf plays an opening flourish. well, what do you say, george, would you do one more song for us. you don't think i came over here just to do one song.  mr. burns, oh, oh, i've been a fan of yours for years. would you  would you sing a song just for moi. i could never say no to a lady. well, you don't have to worry then. it's only miss piggy.  cool it, flea bait. now, ahem, where were we. i was about to say yes to a lady. thank you, mr. burns. now look, let's get the group out because this song i'm gonna sing needs all the help i can get. rowlf plays an opening flourish. they are joined by gonzo, nigel, scooter, baskerville, blue frackle and miss mousey. okay, come on out here, everybody. here we go. now, rowlf, in my key. all right. and kids, i want you all to follow me. yes, sir. yes, sir. i could be happy, could be sad, could be good, could be bad  it all depends on you.  all depends on you. that's nice. could be humble, could be proud, could be lonesome in a crowd  it all depends on you.  all depends on you. i can save money and spend it, go right on living or end it  you're to blame, honey, for what i do.  what i do. could be beggar, could be king, could be almost any old thing   it all depends on you. bum, bum, bum, bum. now hold that note. i'll find another song. you  oh  i got it. you made me love you, i didn't want to do it. didn't want to do it, didn't want to do it, didn't want to do it,  didn't want to do it  you made me want you didn't want to do it you made me want you and all the time you knew it. all the time you knew it, all the time you knew it, all the time you knew it,  all the time you knew it you made me happy sometimes didn't want to do it you made me happy sometimes, you made me sad, and there were times, dear, you made me feel so glad  so glad that's nice. let's  let's  let's do that again. so glad.  so glad you made me sigh for didn't want to do it you made me sigh for i didn't want to tell you, i want your love, that's true, yes, i do, you know i do, indeed i do an orchestra backs them up for the big finish. gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme what i cry for. you know you've got the kind of kisses that i'd die for. you know you made me  love you.  you.  you.  didn't want to do it gonzo looks up at the others, gulps, and hides. but you did. yes, we did. applause. okay. well, it's been another busy show, and here we are now at the place where it all stops. and so let's give a warm thank you to our special guest star, mr. george burns. yaaay. george emerges to applause, followed by fleet. hey, mr. burns, is it true that you and miss piggy were seen the other night at a certain discotheque. george blows cigar smoke in fleet's face. fleet goes away. good night, fleet. okay, we'll see you next time on the muppet show. the muppets gather around george as the credits roll. how do they do it. how do we watch it. why do we watch it.  why do you watch it. ) )