contents kermit appears in the show's o. it's the muppet show, with tonight's guest star mr. joel grey. the banner rises, and the theme begins. it's time to play the music it's time to light the lights it's time to meet the muppets on the muppet show tonight. it's time to put on makeup it's time to dress up right it's time to raise the curtain on the muppet show tonight. the curtain opens on fozzie. in our house we use paper plates, and every night after dinner, my wife erases the dishes. the curtain closes. to introduce our guest star, that's what i'm here to do. so it really makes me happy to introduce to you  mr. joel grey. clips from "razzle dazzle" and "wilkommen" are shown. our show tonight will feature some stuff that looks like this  a clip from "comedy tonight" is shown. but now let's get things started on the most sensational, inspirational celebrational, muppetational this is what we call the muppet show. gonzo swings and misses the o, toppling over out of frame. main stage. kermit enters. welcome. and what a show we have for you tonight. how would you like to see 4,000 woodpeckers performing an aerial ballet while 87 gorillas and two dozen elephants do the dance of the sugar plum fairy. well, forget it, because instead we've got joel grey as a guest star, which, in a way, is like having all the excitement of everything i mentioned without having to clean up afterwards. but right now, let's get things rolling on the muppet show, where we have "comedy tonight." the curtain opens, and an ensemble of muppets perform a rather violent version of "comedy tonight." frackles and whatnots run around threatening each other and capturing mary louise , and crazy harry blows things up. well, the show is speeding along very quickly this evening. oh, yes. someone must have told 'em it's harder to hit a moving target. heh heh. kermit walks along, humming. fozzie stops him in his tracks. hiya, kermit. oh, hi there, fozzie. hey, listen, uh, you better go get ready. go in the dressing room and get ready, would you. dressing room. uh, uh, i had a dressing room so small, all the mice were hunchbacked. ha. please, fozzie, no jokes right now. i'm a tired frog. "tired frog"  i knew a frog who got so tired he fell asleep during his nap. ha. uh, fozzie, what is this. oh, oh, see, it's my new act. yeah, see, it's jokes on any subject. you tell the subject and the bear does a joke on it. go ahead, go ahead, go ahead. uh, fozzie, please. "please"  take my wife, please. ha. uh, fozzie, why don't you just go in the dressing room and get ready, 'kay. "dressing room"  i had a dressing room so small   i heard it. oh, but what do you think about the act, frog. hmm. well, well, fozzie, um  it's got possibilities.  yeah, why don't you work on it. oh, boy. alone.  oh. uh, alone. "alone"  this bear was left alone   couples dance in a ballroom. would you be interested in seeing the five temptations. eh, could you just show me a couple. i'm not as young as i used to be. two, three, four. two, three, four. you know, george, i come from a very old family. ehh, mine's older. oh, really. how old. ehh, my family's so old it's been condemned. two, three, four. boy, my brother's really something. he's got girls eating out of his hand. oh. is he a lover. no, a waiter. oh. you know, i'm really stuck on you. oh, how sweet. you love me. no, i'm just stuck on you. her nose pops off and sticks to his face. meanwhile, mildred gets stuck in the chandelier. here's a muppet newsflash.  dateline new york city: a former circus daredevil, who billed himself as boffo the human cannonball, fired himself out of a cannon yesterday into a crowd of holiday shoppers. fortunately, there were no injuries to the passersby. boffo was not so lucky. said his wife, the former mrs. boffo, "i guess i'll just have to pick up the pieces and live my life." main stage. kermit enters in a tuxedo. ladies and gentlemen, it is with great pride and pleasure that yours truly, kermit the frog, introduces the international star of stage and screen, mr. joel grey. the curtain opens on a nightclub with muppets at tables. thank you, kermit. i can't tell you what a pleasure it is for me to be here appearing in the muppet cabaret. never have i entertained in such a place before. so unusual. so bizarre. the most incredible nightclub by far. he sings his signature song, "willkommen", joined by the other muppets. ehh, another star in the tradition of the late, great boris klinger. boris klinger..  why, you old fool, boris klinger was the worst musichall act to ever step onto the stage. in your opinion, maybe, but more than 2,000 people attended his final performance. yes, yes. half of them brought the tar and the rest brought the feathers. heh. hilda squints. hiya, hilda. oh, hello, fozzie. fozzie, have you seen my glasses. "glasses," "glasses"  uh, i knew a minister once who was so religious, when he read the bible, he wore stained glasses. what is this. oh, it's my new act, see, jokes on any subject, yeah, pretty good, huh. nothing stops the old fozzie bear. i wish something would. "wood," "wood"  two bears go into the woods  she touches her head, and finds her glasses resting on her forehead. never mind, i've found my glasses. she walks away as fozzie struggles to come up with a joke. "found," "found," "found"  well, joel, you know, i just can't tell you how pleased we are to have you with us here tonight. thanks very much, kermit. you know, i understand that you come from an old showbusiness family, don't you, joel. yes, actually  you appeared on stage at the ripe old age of ten, huh. yes,  yeah, mmhm, i understand you were also born in cleveland, ohio, but now you live in new york with your wife jo, and your two children jimmy and jennifer. plus three cats, uh, two dogs, a turtle and three frisbees. how'd you know all that. yeah, let me ask you something. well, now that you're with us, why don't you uh, ahem, why don't you just uh, tell us a little about yourself. actually, there's not much left to tell. oh.  boy, what a dull guest. dull, my foot. why, that young man is one of the alltime greats, you hear me. one of the greats. well, you'll get no argument from me on that. heh heh. well that may be the first time we ever agreed on anything in our lives. no. we uh, once agreed in the summer of 1912, yes. what was that. we agreed that kaiser bill looked silly in a hat.  remember. no. ah, turkey. land of my dreams. all the turkish delights  the turkish women, the coffee, the towels. in every way my heart belongs to turkey. but lo, what lovely eastern maiden approacheth.  pachalafaka.  he sings a song about the word, wondering what it means, as the maiden dances near him. at the end, she reveals a mustache under the burqa. the tourist runs away screaming. main stage. sam gives a speech. to ensure that the quality and moral content of this show is above reproach, i, sam the american eagle, am proud to present the singing duet of wayne and wanda.  besides being tremendous singers, they are church people. dissolve to wayne and wanda on a southern hillside. don't know why, there's no sun up in the sky. stormy weather  boom. it thunders and rains on them. i told you they were all wet.  hilda, piggy and george gang up on kermit. you have got to do something about that fozzie bear. yes, he's driving us bananas. yes. yeah. if he don't stop with those jokes on any subject, i'll kill him. well i tell you, guys, i don't really know exactly what to do about it.  sh. here he comes. well, now that's a thought, see, if you don't like his jokes, don't say anything. the other three nod in realization. fozzie approaches them, and they just stand still. ah. how you doin', kermit. how you doin', george.  how you doin', george. ohhh. i get it, the old silent treatment, huh. gonna be quiet on fozzie, huh. uh, let's see, "quiet," "quiet," "quiet,"  yeah. i knew a town that was so quiet, when someone turned the lights off, everybody yelled, "what was that." they all express disdain for the poor joke. no, no. she had yesyes on her eyes, but nono's  on her face. kermit takes him aside. uh, tell you, fozzie  um, yeah, terrific, huh. yeah. well, these jokes of yours are starting to bug everybody.  bug, bug, bug  bug out. what kind of joke is that. well, that was no joke, fozzie.  that was my wife. hi, joel. hey, why the hat. i got my new car outside, gonzo. you wanna go for a spin. sure.  gonzo. hey, relax, relax, i didn't mean actually go for a spin. it's just a phrase, like, you don't actually bite the hand that feeds you, do you. i mean, one doesn't eat one's heart out, does one. i mean, one doesn't talk through one's hat. i hope not. i can talk for myself.  i think i'm going bananas. i thought you were going for a spin. main stage. kermit enters. you're in for a special treat tonight, folks, as fozzie bear, the comedy star of our show, displays his ready wit and nimble mind in a test of comedy that would stump the best. you just name a subject and fozzie bear will instantly give you a joke. so here he is now, the fastest fur in the west, mr. fozzie bear. the curtain opens to fozzie's fanfare.  thank you, thank you. yeah. mwah. thank you. mwah. love you. yeah, ha, hi. here i am, fozzie bear, jokes on request. you name anything, any word, any subject, and i, fozzie bear, will hit you with a great joke about it. don't be afraid, just yell 'em out and i'll yell 'em back. come on. amoeba. huh. he said "amoeba." uh  amoeb uh, sorry, no foreign words. next. the word is only foreign to you. 's right. uh, anybody else. over there. you said any word. and he said "amoeba". right. right, amoeba. uh, uh  could i come back to that. oh. fake. fake. he's a fake. fake. fake. fake. fake. fake, am i. ok, that does it. give me that word again. amoeba. right, "amoeba." two amoeba walk out of a bar. one amoeba says to the other, "say, is that the sun or the moon." and the other amoeba says, "i don't know, i don't live around here."  i did it. i did it. he's right. heh heh heh. he did it. he's ok. he certainly did. uhh  what does "amoeba" mean, anyway. i don't know. i don't live around here either. main stage. kermit enters. and now, the muppet players are proud to present a littleknown classic of arthur conan doyle entitled sherlock holmes and the case of the disappearing clues. the curtain opens on a study room. gorgon heap sits at a table while piggy wanders frantically. rowlf and baskerville enter. sherlock holmes here. watson there. oh, mr. holmes, i'm so glad you're here. it's murder, mr. holmes. murder. just calm down, my dear lady. dr. watson and i will have this case solved in no time. right, watson. of course. holmes can solve any crime by a simple process of deduction. yes, sir. the body of lord bottomley is right over there. piano sting. rowlf walks over to gorgon heap and covers basky's eyes. great heavens. don't look, watson, it's too horrible to gaze upon. what manner of fiend could have done this. actually, i'm fielding the butler. lord bottomley lies over there. he points them to the couch, where wayne lies with a bullet mark in his back.  'ee's been shot, 'olmes. yes, yes.  hm. give me a moment. mmhm.  of course. i arrest fielding the butler, for the murder of lord bottomley. amazing. preposterous. elementary. the butler's fingerprints are on this glass. gorgon heap eats the glass. rowlf picks up a photo. here is a photo of the butler committing the murder. gorgon heap eats the photo. rowlf picks up a gun. the weapon in question, registered in the butler's name. gorgon heap eats the gun. and finally an eyewitness, the maid, who will seal his doom. piggy trembles. excuse me, miss. he devours piggy. baskerville trembles in horror as he watches. so you see, watson, pure deduction on the face of the evidence brings us to the only possible conclusion, and that is that the butler did it. but, but holmes, there is no evidence, so your logic is wrong. logic is never wrong, watson. if there is no evidence that the butler did it, and i certainly didn't do it, then the inescapable conclusion, watson  yes, yes.  is that you're the murderer. gorgon heap devours baskerville. mm, he's tough. well then, now the inescapable conclusion is that uh, with no evidence and no killer, there was no murder. wayne sneezes. gesundheit. applause. here's a muppet newsflash.  dateline brooklyn, new york: a harry oblong, a retired new york city bus driver, said that he is holding that state as a hostage and will not release it until he is paid fifty million dollars in cash. mr. oblong, whom state officials say is not playing with a full deck, says that he will not disclose the whereabouts of the state of new york, but does say it has enough food and water to last for ten more days. he tosses his papers and walks away. main stage. kermit enters. tonight, the great gonzo has dug deep into his limitless repertoire to bring us an act never before seen on any stage anywhere in the world. and with his luck, it never will be seen again. ladies and gentlemen, the greatest of all gonzos. the curtain opens on gonzo in an old car. tonight, dear patrons of the arts, i will, with this sledgehammer, demolish this vintage automobile to the music of the "anvil chorus"  after which i will eat the crankcase a cappella. he begins his act, and is immediately booed by the audience. yokels. rubes. what do you know about great art. aw, that does it, i'm giving up performing. the audience cheers. joel approaches gonzo. hey, gonzo. oh, you can call me "great." listen, uh, great, i was just watching your act, you know, from uh, from offstage, and a couple of things occurred to me, as one artist to another. do you think i should wear a top hat. it's more than a top hat, gonz. i think it's the basic act, actually. i think what you need is some pizazz. you know what that means. let me show you. he sings an elaborate rendition of "razzle dazzle", accompanied by other muppets. well, with an act like that, anybody can get applause. joel stuffs his hat on gonzo's head. hey, joel, we really wanna thank you for being with us on the show tonight, and i want you to know you'll always be wilkommen here.  dankeschn, herr kermit, it was mein pleasure. keep working on that accent, it might come in handy.  and thank you all for joining us, and join us next week for the muppet show. the muppet gang gathers around joel as the credits roll. more. more. not so loud. they may hear you. ) )