contents the dressing room. scooter knocks on the door. peter sellers, fifteen seconds to curtain, mr. sellers. gonzo. gonzo, dressed in a cape, looks in a hand mirror and attempts to throw a knife backwards. thwack. the knife lands on the wall, inches away from a familiar face.  fifteen seconds. i should live so long. whack. he ducks as another knife hits the wall. it's the muppet show, with our special guest star, mr. peter sellers. ah. the curtain opens, and the theme begins. statler coughs and waldorf blows his nose to the theme music. gonzo is nearly blown out of the "o" when beautiful day monster comes up behind with a competing trumpet. thief. main stage. kermit enters to applause. welcome, welcome, welcome to the muppet show. hey, tonight's guest star is one of the great film stars of the world. he is the epitome of the witty, urbane englishman, so, naturally, we've asked him to play a demented gypsy violinist. listen, i run the show and i don't understand it. anyhow, here he is now, ladies and gentlemen, mr. peter sellers. open on a gypsy caravan. spectators gather as "boris" emerges and a csrds sting plays. it is i, boris. with his sobbing violin. we have got any requests. yes, but you gonna play anyway. they all laugh. such unkindness is to break the heart, huh. csrds music swells up as he sings. a gypsy's heart is yearning. a gypsy's blood is churning. a gypsy's brain is learning. >sniff< a gypsy's roast is burning. a live goat appears behind him as they join him in the song. there are tears on the strings of a gypsy's violin, and tears fall on the bow as he cries. poor poor gypsy. now i cannot play. until my violin dries. soohoh   play zigeuner. play, play, play. leave all your sorrows be forgotten. play zigeuner play, play, play, even though your playing may be rotten. they all laugh. who said that. something's rotten was said here. not me, not me, boris. you saying some rotten things here. oh, the gypsy's heart is aching, and the gypsy's heart is sad, as he dances to the beating tambourines.  once his love gave him golden earrings, and now the ears are turning green. soohoh   play zigeuner. play, play, play. play with all your delicate precision. play zigeuner. play, play, play. soon you'll be replaced by television. they all laugh. play play play play. play, gypsy, play. play play play play. play, gypsy, play. play play play play. play, gypsy, play. play play play play play  peter starts strumming rapidly. the music pauses.  listen, any more talk like that and i will play. big finish play, gypsy  play. applause. i love good gypsy music. so. so, i wish they'd play some. they chuckle. the gypsy band passes kermit, making noise. quiet, quiet, quiet backstage. backstage is quiet. hoo. next time i think i'm going to schedule a nice, quiet gregorian chant. a loud vroom vroom is heard. gonzo zooms by him on a motorcycle. gonzo. crash. oh, what a day this has been. if this keeps up, i'm gonna wind up talking to myself. pop. dr. bunsen suddenly appears behind him. ooh, my my my. another scientific breakthrough for muppet labs. bunsen honeydew, what do you mean sneaking up on me like that. pop. kermit hardly notices bunsen disappear. something's going on here. i've been shouted at, run down by a motorcycle, and now i'm...  hey, kermit. you're talking to yourself.  thank goodness we got a quiet song coming up.  open on a lit candelabra on top of the piano as rowlf plays. when the whippoorwill is singing in the forest he plays a little trill. that's a whippoorwill right there. when the little brook is murmuring a tune  when the mockingbird is chirping in the wild wood  and a lonely wolf is howling at the moon   when the leaves of the old oak tree start arustling, and a waterfall makes sounds like woman's tears  when the whole world is filled with mother nature's noises that's the time to stuff cotton in your ears. you never know when something funny is gonna happen on this show. did something funny happen. yeah. you'd never know it. they chuckle. rowlf passes by. rowlf, that was supposed to be a nice, quiet number. pop. beaker appears behind him, holding a chemistry set. beaker. beaker yelps, tossing the chemistry set. beaker.. what is it with you guys from the lab.  first bunsen and now you. what are you guys trying to do to us..  hey, kermit. kermit. what is it now you're shouting at yourself. kermit looks around, whimpering. meanwhile, peter is in his dressing room, wearing a wig, an opera helmet, a girdle and a boxing glove, practicing a monologue.  tell john brown we are ready to receive him. peter, uh, what is this.  it was to have been, my dear kermit, it was to have been a grand impersonation of her late majesty, queen victoria, whilst on vacation at bognor regis, in the year 1888. but, but, uh, what went wrong. i couldn't remember what she looked like.  uh, you know, i just love all your wild characters, peter. but, you know, backstage here, you can just relax and be yourself. mmm, mmm, but that, you see, my dear kermit, would be altogether impossible. i could never be myself. never yourself. no. you see  there is no me. i do not exist. i, i beg your pardon. peter looks around, making sure the coast is clear. yes. there used to be a me. mmhmm. but, i had it surgically removed. uh, can we uh, change the subject. oh, certainly, certainly. um... as a matter of fact, you might just be interested in a new act i have recently perfected. um... well, what is it. well, it's original, it's original. yeah. i, um, recite the soliloquy from shakespeare's richard the third, whilst, and at the same time, playing tuned chickens. so, you recite the soliloquy from shakespeare's richard the third, whist, and at the same time, playing tuned chickens. you have it, my dear, kermit. you have it. tuned chickens, mmm, once more into the bridge. two chickens appear in his arms, and he "plays" them. and now, is the winter of our discontent... made glorious summer... by this sun of york. and all the clouds... that lour'd upon our house... in the deep bosom of the ocean buried. he squeezes a "shave and a haircut" out of the chickens, then gives them some feed. applause. thank you. uh, well, peter, that  that is really that is uh, that  they did fine. i enjoy a good ticking. hat act is really wonderful. uh, but you can't do that on our show. why ever not. well, because gonzo just did it last month. and it died, peter. it was terrible. i mean, they've got no taste around here. ooh, but you're absolutely right, my dear gonzo. they have no taste at all. pop. gonzo disappears. where did he go. well, peter, you know, that's been happening all day around here. i don't know why. but, if people or objects just suddenly appear or disappear, try to ignore them. pop. a bomb with a lit fuse appears on the table. uh, cancel that last remark. run. i have a pressing appointment. pop. peter disappears. oh, thank goodness he got away in time. boom. the bomb explodes, rattling kermit. uh, unlike some people around here.  and now, ladies and gentlemen...  uh, my foot is stuck. uh  and now, ladies and gentlemen, uh  who chews gum around here. uh, the great gonzo also sings and... uh, here he is to sing an old favorite, "down memory lane." plop. he unsticks himself and falls over. ladies and gentlemen, the great gonzo. rowlf plays the piano as gonzo sings "memory lane." at the end, he wheels away the piano, as well as rowlf. open on an operating table. link struggles to do a pushup.  one. link sees the doctor enter and does two more. seventytwo. seventythree.  somebody call for ze masseur. oh, yes, doc, good.  well, i'm just here to try to... loosen up your knotty little body, yes. good, doc. he starts on link's shoulders. i shall start here. how is that, link. oh, nice. you like zat. oh, yeah. good. now, the next thing i must do, link, is to test out ze elasticity of the tendons in the leg areas. mm, good. it's quite easy. he picks up a dumbbell and drops it on link's feet. by the use of the simple little thing... ow. yes. i'm sure zat didn't missed you, i'm a very good shot, you know. he rolls up link's left leg in the dumbbell, then the right leg. tell me, link, if you can feel that the blood is flowing easier wiz zat.  how is that. and again is on zis vun here. how is that.  oh, dr. merkwrdigliebe is pleased, you know. very unusual feeling. he rolls up both of link's legs in the barbell. oh, link, i'm going to try both of them in this. how is that. you can feel that. oh. yeah. doing you good, linky. he unrolls the barbell and catches it. yay, i caught it.  now, linky, let me see if that has done what i thought. he tests the elasticity of each leg. oh, yes. yes, yes. yes, i think also... i think that's necessary, link. are you prepared for a bit of manipulation here. i'm just going to easily bring this leg around to ze back, link. he bends the leg backward. link groans. you did not feel zat, link. oh, no, no, it felt good. ze muscles are in good condition. oh, yes, i loved it. i can tell a good muscle when i feel one, link, you know. and zis one will have to come ze other side. he swings the other leg around. that is leaving your arms free at the moment, you notice. yes. but, is necessary when in zis position, for the vertebras and the altadeltoids, you understand, to bring zis arm here and ze other arm dere. he proceeds to tie link into a pretzel. and putting zis here like zis.  wait, link, you've got my arm in here. let go of me, link. let go of my arm, link. well uh   thank you, link. i can see you like to keep it when you've got it, huh. wait while i put zat zere. is that my foot. ah, linky, how do you feel. ah, yes, well, very different, doc. all that blood is circulating nicely around your body. mmhm. good. i can see zat you are in real good condition now, link. same time next week. he exits the room. applause. doc. doc. help. help. kermit and fozzie overhear link as he cries for help. oh boy. was that supposed to end that way. i don't think so. fozzie, would you go check the next act, please. yes, sir. hey kermit, take it easy. come on, now. uh, kermit, that's the best massage i've ever had. hmm. that peter o'toole is good.  peter o'toole. link. pop. beaker appears in front of him. he shrieks, causing beaker to throw up a teacup in the air. beaker disappears right before the teacup lands.  what is this. i think i'm going crazy today. kermit. oh, kermit. kermit. what. oh, no. the next act just cancelled. what. but, that was a terrific act. it was prunella and her prancing poultry. yeah, i know, yeah, yeah  kermit, see, about, about that poultry... mmhm.  yesterday duck hunting season began. i don't want to hear about it. i will go and explain to the audience. main stage. kermit enters. uh... uh, ladies and gentlemen, i don't know how to tell you this, uh, but uh, frankly, the next act can't make it. they're otherwise engaged with a lot of orange sauce, i'm afraid. anyhow, i don't have anything to replace it. the curtain opens behind him, revealing a blank set. oh, boy. you may have noticed that we're not terribly well organized around here, and  and tonight i'm just barely making it, i don't know... sometimes it's very difficult. music swells up as he goes to sit on a crate. as he sings "bein' green", the stage gradually fills with a swamp setting. welcome again to muppet labs, where the future is being made today. well, i am just bubbly with excitement. we have just been testing our new muppet labs teleporter, and it works perfectly. you see, a teleporter is a device which instantly transports people from one place to another. aha. so, that's what's been happening around here. you have been zapping people in and out of my theater.  please, mr. kermit, i'm in the very midst of an important demonstration. he pushes kermit into the teleporter. yeah. well, listen, i'm in the midst of a nervous breakdown. you cannot go zapping people around... pop. kermit disappears with the push of a button. as i was saying, our new teleporter works perfectly. a few minutes ago, i sent my assistant, beaker, hurtling through space to the deepest jungles of africa. and now we will bring him back. pop. with the push of a button, beaker appears, being manhandled by a wild mountain gorilla. beaker. beaker, put that gorilla back. oh. you don't know where he's been. pop. he sends them back. there. back to africa they go. and now just beaker will return. pop. kermit and the gorilla return. beaker, this thing has gotta stop. honeydew.. wha  whoever did this.. that's all today from muppet labs. you bet that's all. kermit frees himself as the scene ends in chaos. main stage. fozzie enters. oh boy, i am gonna make this introduction. ladies and gentlemen... enter peter. now is the winter of our discontent. peter  peter. yes. y  you're supposed to be in your costume for the next number. oh, i beg your pardon. oh, wait here  uh, by the way... yes. the show is running a bit long. yes. so try to be short. short. yes. how about this. he lowers himself to fozzie's level and waddles away. he takes things so literally. ladies and gentlemen, i take pride in presenting the incredible peter sellers. the curtain opens on a salvation army band, with peter on the bass drum.  a preachment, dear friends, you're about to receive, on john barleycorn, nicotine, and the temptations of eve. oh yay. well, if it's so good, let's hear it. you will, brother, you will. melodies, please. cue the music. once i was happy and i had a good wife. i had enough money to last me for life. i met with a gal and we went on a spree. she tort me to smoke and drink whuskey. cigareets and whuskey and wild, wild women  they'll drive you crazy, they'll drive you insane. boom. they all jump to his loud bass drum hits. cigareets and whuskey and wild, wild women  they'll drive you crazy, they'll drive you insane. i believe. i'll give it up. cigareets is a blight on the whole human race. a man is a monkey with one in his face. that's my definition. believe me, dear brother a fire on one end and a fool on the t'other. cigareets and whuskey and wild, wild women  they'll drive you crazy, they'll drive you insane. cigareets and whuskey and wild, wild women  they'll drive you crazy, they'll drive you insane. sing "temptation". somebody get that bum outta here. right on the cross at the head of my grave  "to women and whiskey, here lies a poor slave". take warning, dear stranger, take warning, dear friend. they'll write in big letters these words at thy end cigareets and whuskey and wild, wild women  they'll drive you crazy, they'll drive you insane. cigareets and whuskey and wild, wild women  they'll drive you crazy, they'll drive you insane. they'll drive you crazy, they'll drive you insaaaaaaaaaane. hallelujah, brother. applause. ok, well, that's about it for this show but, before we go, let us have a warm thank you for our very special guest star, ladies and gentlemen, mr. peter sellers. pop. peter appears behind kermit. thank you very much, indeed.  uh, well, there you are. pop. peter disappears. uh  were. pop. peter appears behind kermit wearing a helmet.  am. uh, this is all too much for me. we'll see you next time on the muppet show. pop. a gaggle of muppets appears behind kermit. the credits roll. well, what did you think. pop. waldorf disappears. yeah, i know what you... pop. statler disappears. ) )