contents kermit appears in the show's o. it's the muppet show, with our special guest star, miss ruth buzzi. the banner rises, and the theme begins. it's time to play the music it's time to light the lights it's time to meet the muppets on the muppet show tonight. it's time to put on makeup it's time to dress up right it's time to raise the curtain on the muppet show tonight. the curtain opens on fozzie. i finally found a sure way to lose weight. i bought a scale that lies. he takes off his hat. the audience laughs. the curtain closes. to introduce our guest star, that's what it's time to do. so it really makes me happy to introduce to you  miss ruth buzzi. the curtain opens on ruth with sweetums, from a forthcoming number. but now let's get things started on the most sensational, inspirational celebrational, muppetational this is what we call the muppet show. the logo is pulled into the rafters just as gonzo is about to strike the o. main stage. kermit enters to a fanfare. hi, gang, and welcome to the show. hey, i feel good tonight for two reasons. one, uh, scooter's uncle has extended the lease on our theater, which gives us a roof over our head. and two, our special guest star is miss ruth buzzi, which is enough to make anyone feel good. but right now, let's get the show under way with some musical mayhem. hit it, boys. transition to the electric mayhem, who perform "sunny". sunny  yesterday my life was filled with rain. too slow.. sunny  you smiled at me and really eased the pain. dark days are done. bright days are here. my sunny one shines so sincere. oh, sunny one so true, i love you. faster.. animal starts drumming faster. sunny  all right.. thank you for the sunshine bouquet. sunny  thank you for the love you brought my way. you gave to me your all in all. now i feel i'm ten feet tall. oh, sunny one so true, i love you. faster.. animal starts drumming faster. floyd tries to keep up with him. sunny  sunny.. thank you for the truth you let me see  what's goin' on. sunny  what's happening.  thank you for the facts from a to z. my life was torn like windblown sand, and a rock was formed when we held hands.. oh, sunny one so true, i love you. yeahhh.. animal drums even faster. floyd struggles to keep up with him. what's happening. sunny  waitwait a minute. thank you for the smile upon your face oh, sunny  thank you for the gleam that shows its grace. you're my spark, my nature's fire. you're my complete desire. oh, sunny one so true, i love you. yeah. oh, yeah. oh, yeah. animal continues drumming. the others faint. the mayhem walks past kermit. too fast. too fast. nice, nice. nice job. nice job. tell him to lighten up, man. yeah, i will. ok. animal chases after a shrieking janice. take it easy, animal. scooter walks in, pushing a giant crate. hi, kermit. hey, kermit. scooter. scooter, scooter, what is this. oh, that's a crate. i can see it's a crate, but who's responsible for it. oh, i am. scooter. what makes you think you can bring a crate into the backstage. uh, my uncle owns the theater.  and a nice crate it is too. may i ask you, what is in it. sure, go ahead. what is in it.. oh. well, it's a mechanical windup tv show host. a mechanical windup tv show host. right. scooter, that is the dumbest, the craziest, most ridiculous idea you have ever   scooter opens the crate to reveal a windup replica of kermit. kermit looks it over. good grief. scooter, you're out of your mind. mmhm. uh, be careful, frog. his uncle owns the theater. wait a minute  robokermit shoves kermit into the crate and shuts it. haha. couples dance in a ballroom.  i wish they'd had rock'n'roll in the '40s. why. we'd be dead by now. a woman dances with a blue frackle. but don't you see. you've got to be strong. you've got to stand on your own two feet. but that's the problem. what. i've got three feet. miss piggy dances with another pig. oh, my dear. you are so lovely. have i ever seen you in the movies. well, i don't think so. i hardly ever go. back to mr. threefoot. don't you feel stupid with three feet. sure, but the other one didn't come back from the cleaners. another woman dances with rowlf. you know, i have a bone to pick with you. too late. i just buried it. back to mr. threefoot. do you really have three feet. sure.  one, two, three aah.  three feet and one broken back. the balcony. well, i think i'll go stretch my legs.  i'll do it for you. animal stretches out statler's legs as statler yelps. waldorf chuckles. well, time soon for the handsome frog here to make another one of his introductions. i will check myself and see how i look in the mirror. kermit comes facetoface with robokermit, who mirrors kermit'ts actions, except when kermit turns away. robokermit eventually makes his way out of the mirror. scooter, where did you get this ridiculous windup tvshow host. i was a gift from his uncle.  welcome to the show. robokermit slaps kermit, and laughs. main stage. sam stands on the proscenium. with a few exceptions, the characters on this program are weird and peculiar, and not to be trusted. one of those exceptions, aside from myself, of course, is the wonnnnnnderful singing team of wayne and wanda. they've really rehearsed this one, so they're sure to get it right. here they are, wayne and wanda, with "row, row, row." open on wayne & wanda in a rowboat. young johnny jones, he had a cute little boat. and all the girlies i would take for a float. he had girlies on the shore. sweet little peaches by the score. but johnnie was a wisenheimer, you know. a steady girl was flo. and every sunday afternoon, she'd jump in his boat and they would spoon. and then he'd row, row, row  glub, glub, glub  the boat sinks. here's a muppet news flash.  the atlantic ocean has just been kidnapped. disappearance of the ocean was first reported by lighthouse keeper murray patterson. he was awakened late last night when 500 fish pounded on his door asking for water. authorities suspect that the ocean is being held prisoner in an apartment somewhere in newark. a ransom note has reportedly been received. the kidnappers are demanding two christmases each year, and a hug from mommy every night. he tosses his papers and exits. main stage. kermit enters dressed in a tuxedo. ladies and gentlemen, a lady you loved on laughin and hundreds of other shows. a comedienne, an actress, a singer, a dancer, and a lot of fun at parties. our guest star, miss ruth buzzi. open on ruth in a dining room, bringing a jug of water to sweetums, who is munching on a meaty bone. they both sing a duet of "can't take my eyes off of you". sweetums rejects her wacky advances at first, but warms up to her. she finally breaks a chair on his head. that's my kind of woman.  rowlf starts playing the piano. you may not know this, but i'm really a very sentimental dog. i cry easily. onions, for instance, always make me cry. he sings "i never harmed an onion", and is a sobbing wreck by the end of the song. well, ruth, i thought we'd just sit here and chew the fat for a while. oh, kermit, i never chew the fat. yeah, well  no, no. fat is not good for you. fat is a nono. in fact, every time i see fat, i go blechh. yeah, well, i  you are looking at a body, kermit, that has not one ounce of fat on it.  well, yeah  this is lean. lean. el leano, kermit, my froggy friend. yeah, yeah, i can see all that. yeah. kermit, i had a friend once who chewed so much fat that she was as big as a house, and she decided to rent herself out as a duplex.  you get it, kermit. a duplex.  a little joke.  i seem to be losing control here. ruth, ruth, what i meant, when i said all that back there, what i meant was let's talk a bit. let's just talk a bit. oh, i  i love to talk, kermit. ok, what'll we talk about. well, we uh, we all know that you hate fat, but uh, what do you love. oh, well, uh, i love to eat. but you just said  i eat health foods, um, organic foods, dairy products  uh, dairy products. no, that's a nono. dairy products killed my uncle. oh, that's awful. yep. he was hit by a dairy truck. that's terrible. his last words were:  "take the cheese off my chest." oh, that's awful, kermit.  yeah, well, don't blame me, i didn't write that. oh. oh, it's a joke. yeah, it was just a joke. that's up to the laugh track. but uh, speaking of laughs, ruth, you know, you really tickle me. well, that's how i make everyone laugh. uh, how's that. i tickle them. she tickles kermit down to the floor. wonderful. marvelous.  that you should care for me. huh. hmm. main stage. kermit enters. ladies and gentlemen, now the act you've been waiting for. the man with the fur and the funnies, our own fozzie bear. the curtain opens on fozzie. thank you, thank you, thank you. love you all. yeah. oh, it's gonna be a great night tonight, aaaah. yeah. somewhere, but not here.  you folks are in for a real treat. heheh. you mean you're finished.  hey  come on, you guys. hey, a lot of these folks wanna see me. well, so do we. you wanna see me perform. no. retire. they chuckle. hey, look. if you don't like me, why do you come here. because you're one of the top comics in the business. in the world. in the business world. they chuckle. look, who's doing this show. you or me. well, we're getting all the laughs. this is my act. and you're the greatest straight man in the business. you've never been funnier. never. really.  oh, thank you. you're a wonderful audience. kisses. mwah. kisses. mwah mwah. yeah. he dances off the stage as his fanfare plays. what did we just do. his act. well, we've never been funnier. they chuckle. open on ruth inside a jail cell, witnessing two guards carry a shrieking woman into another cell. oh. oh, not that. ohhh. oh two guards walk up to her. all right. now, give us the information, or we have ways of making you talk. the other guard writes down the info as she talks. yes, sir. uh, i'm wac lieutenant jane b. smithers, first battalion, fifth army. based on the far side of the river. we have over 15,000 troops, heavily armed with 40 tanks and three fighter planes. good. thank you very much. that's the information we needed. thank you. the two guards start to walk away, but she stops them, and guard 2 writes down more info.  you're very welcome. now, listen. we have enough food and ammunition for three weeks.  the commanding officer's name is frank irving. he's a gunnery expert and a former account exec with an ad agency in philadelphia.  well, yeah, that's fine. that should do it. thank you. yeah. he's 43 years old and has two children. and he drives a '63 dodge station wagon. and the pilot flying plane number one is mike kelly. oh, yes. he's a graduate of west point and he wears a toupee. that's enough. enough already. he got three bs and an a in his final year. uh, lady  and uh, he went with a general's daughter named maggie. i don't care. oh, she had a mole on her left shoulder. i'm warning you. we have ways of making you stop talking. listen. now, the other pilot is an expert in decoding  who is this. i don't wanna hear it.  and he is a crack gin rummy player. i mean, he is really terrific. now he once wanted to be with a rest stop, and i think that's something you two would really enjoy. she keeps talking as she pulls them close. please don't do any more. stop. don't talk. please don't talk. stop it, please. piggy puts her ear against the dressing room door. kermit comes out, and she embraces him. oh. light of my life. frog of my arms. at last, we are alone. at last you are alone, piggy. i'm about to go on stage in front of a thousand people.  but  oh, wretched day for a pig in her prime to be thus scorned. she goes inside her dressing room. oh  how i long to hear my love whisper sweet passion. hiya, goodlooking. where you been all my life. kermit. mmhm. hubbawha  she looks outside the dressing room. rabokermit glances at the viewer and smacks his lips. hey uh, listen, you. hey, you. how about you and me getting together and making some steam heat, huh, snuggle bunny. snuggle bunny. but  oh, yeah, look, look, look. let me take you away from all this. a marriage made in heaven. a frog and a pig. we could have bouncing baby figs. baby figs. sure, let me whisper  let me whisper sweet nothings in your ear. sweet nothings.  oh. oh. huh.  ugh. ugh. yuk. how dare you say that to a pig. kermit enters and gets in front of robokermit. uh, piggy, piggy, uh, llet me explain. oh. explain this.  hiiyah. hiii. hiii. hiii. hey, listen, i think you  you may have dented him. i don't c  she does a double take and faints. oh, well. the frog broke her fall. he mechanizes his way out of the room, but hits the closed door. zoom in on the two left houses. i hear your son the hotel has become interested in religion. oh, interested isn't the word. he's seriously thinking about becoming a monastery. zoom out. musical button. main stage. ruth enters. sam sneaks up behind her. kermit has asked me to introduce this week's closing number. so it is with great pleasure  excuse me. don't pay any mind to me, miss buzzi. i merely stand by, checking the content of this program to make sure it is morally above reproach. ok.  it is with great pleasure that i present the gogolala jubilee jugband. that does not sound culturally uplifting. open on the jug band, who sing "you can't rollerskate in a buffalo herd". pass me that jug over here. open on the panelists chitchatting as the fanfare plays. time once again to raise the intellectual level of our program. it's about time too. just hold it down there, sam. uh, tonight, our distinguished panel of experts includes our special guest, miss gloria goodbody. oh, thank you. you're more than welcome. and tonight we discuss that controversial topic, "is the human body obsolete." i presume the question under discussion is something to do with the importance, or lack thereof, of the physiological prowess, in this age of growing technology, and everescalating cybernetic engineering.   that was wonderful. i didn't understand it. now, actually, actually, everyone, i was saying that i think we're supposed to be talking about physical fitness. oh, physical fitness. yes, physical fitness. well, i'm fit. let's get physical.  i'm a nut on physical fitness. really. in fact, i've tried every exercise program that there is. right now, i'm into yoga. yoga. yes, yoga. isn't that that weird sour milk stuff. oh, no. that's yogurt. this  is yoga.  what are you doing.  doesn't that hurt. well, that's about all the time we have.  what's going on. are you all right, miss goodbody. she gets up on the table and assumes the dhanurasana, followed by others. meanwhile the two pigs continue necking. where are you going. there's supposed to be a discussion here. oh, listen. listen. that's nothing. watch this. this is physical fitness. wingups.  one, two, three, four. one, two, three, four. you wanna elucidate. would i.  the panel appear to be too busy  to continue the discussion, but tune in next week, where our topic will be crowd control and riot suppression. main stage. ruth stands next to robokermit. well, that's all for tonight. thank you all for watching, and special thanks to our wonderful guest star, miss buth ruzzi. >hic.< buth ruzzi. >hic.< buth ruzzi. >hic.< buth ruzzi. >hic.< ...  kermit escorts robokermit away. oh, look at that, i knew this wicked contraption would break down eventually. ugh. there. a mere machine could never replace a real frog. aww. you're a nice person, ruth. thank you. and  and i hope we've tickled you as much as you've tickled us on the show. you have, kermit. right, guys. huh. fozzie, scooter, hilda, wayne and an orange ball rush in and begin tickling her. tickle, tickle.  oh, don't. hey, join us next week on the muppet show. the credits roll. well, did you like the show.  no, i didn't. no, i didn't. no, i didn't. ) )