contents kermit appears in the show's o. it's the muppet show, with our special guest star, miss rita moreno. the banner rises, and the theme begins. it's time to play the music it's time to light the lights it's time to meet the muppets on the muppet show tonight. it's time to put on makeup it's time to dress up right it's time to raise the curtain on the muppet show tonight. the curtain opens on fozzie. my cousin's so dumb, he spent two weeks in london trying to find the european common market. he takes off his hat and wiggles his ears. the audience laughs. the curtain closes. to introduce our guest star, that's what i'm here to do. so it really makes me happy to introduce to you  miss rita moreno. the curtain opens on rita. animal sneaks up behind her and bites her. but now let's get things started on the most sensational, inspirational celebrational, muppetational this is what we call the muppet show. when gonzo strikes the o, the effect reverberates through him. main stage. kermit enters to applause. thank you, thank you, thank you. and welcome to the muppet show. and what a show we got. we have music, comedy, 225 dancing elephants  who, unfortunately, left their costumes at home because they forgot to pack their trunks. kermit looks confused. enter fozzie. i gave him that joke. i wish i gave it right back. but right now, let's get things moving with our special guest star, the beautiful, lovely, terrific and talented lovely miss rita moreno. for the opening number, rita dances  in a saloon with a humanoid muppet to the music of "i get ideas." the number is an apache dance, popularized in the early 1900s and usually with a parisian flavor, in which a man and woman in "tough" attire and poses engage in physical conflict. the saloon has mostly pigs. miss piggy briefly plays the third side of a love triangle. the humanoid muppet stumbles up the stairs. the pigs pass by kermit. ok, great number. hey, would somebody help that guy up the stairs, please. she always does. she was, but was i good. good. piggy, honey, you're a ripsnorter. she laughs as they exit. the phone rings. hey, fozzie, can you get that. i'll get it, kermit.  hello. the muppet show backstage. he receives a wet response. who was it. the water department.   what the hey. fozzie lies on the operating table. and now, veterinarian's hospital, the continuing story of a former orthopedic surgeon who's gone to the dogs. i'm sorry i'm late, dr. bob. i was operating in the other room. i know. it's the talk of the hospital. they all nod. rowlf examines fozzie with a stethoscope.  booga booga. cut that out. let me have the ear thing. ear thing, dr. bob. she hands it to him. he uses it to scratch his ear. ooh, feels good. stick. stick, dr. bob. she hands him a giant tongue depressor. he throws it. fetch. janice fetches it. what's that all about. that's my laboratory retriever.  good girl.  thank you. oh, what do you think, dr. bob. i think this man is sick. he oughta see a doctor. but, dr. bob, you are a doctor. that's your opinion. i'm gettin' outta here. no, you're not. you can't leave, fozzie. dr. bob is the only one who can save you now. she's right. i saved over 500 last year. what. patients. no, dollars. they all face the audience and laugh. fozzie wiggles his ears. of course, i also lost over a hundred pounds. what, in weight. no, in england. they all face the audience and laugh. fozzie wiggles his ears. dr. bob, you should be ashamed of yourself. you call yourself a doctor, dr. bob. i'd never call myself a doctor. they don't come when you call them anyway. they all face the audience and laugh. fozzie wiggles his ears. tune in next week when we'll hear nurse piggy say  dr. bob, you've lost all your patients. i can't help it. i got a short temper. about this tall. they all nod. can i go now. the vet's hospital cast passes by kermit. ok, a little shaky. a little shaky, guys.  uh huh. uh huh. well, your timing was awful. what do you know about time. i know your face would stop a clock. stuff it, pork chop. okay, okay, okay   hey fozzie, can you get that please. yeah, kermit, i  whew, i'll get it. whew.  ahem. hello. backstage at the muppet show. he receives a smoky response. fozzie, who was it.  the fire department.  i think this is what they call a running gag. the newsman runs by. nope, that's what they call a running gag. here's a muppet newsflash.  dateline, fresno. mr. thomas galli  or galley  spent the last 27 months teaching his pet chicken to dance classical ballet. last saturday, the chicken passed her auditions and became a member of the royal copenhagen ballet. unfortunately, mrs. galley didn't wish to move to denmark, so she fricasseed the ballerina for lunch. speaking of lunch, i wonder what the swedish chef has up his sleeve. heh. a summons from the board of health, i wager.  open on the chef with some spoons.   brk brk brk. he tosses the spoons.   der flppn jckn hokn. he displays the batter bowl, then the spatula.   de bttr.   der flpflp der flpjck.  he scoops up a pancake, tosses it, and it doesn't come down.   der stckn on der rofen.   der flpjck on der her hop. he tosses another one, which also doesn't come down. he retrieves a shotgun.   i get der blnderbssn.  bang. he fires upwards, and many pancakes land on him. the phone rings. fozzie rushes to it. i got it. he almost picks up the wrong part when answering the phone. ahem. the muppet show. backstage. he uses his hat to catch the coins that fall out of the phone. enter kermit. fozzie, who was that. las vegas. ha. kermit scowls and walks off. fozzie puts his hat on, and realizes what a mistake he's made. couples dance in a ballroom. zoot and janice notice animal dancing with a woman. they're a nicelooking couple. yeah, but a couple of what. i hear you come from a broken home. yeah. i broke it myself. two, three, dip.  dip.  dip. hahaha. miss piggy dances with another pig. does one ever encounter sharks in these parts. oh, no. absolutely not. never. uh, why do you ask. oh, uh, just curious. i hear that the president said that you shouldn't panic if you don't have a job. that's easy for him to say. he's got a job. george dances with mildred. mildred notices the shark fin. i don't think we should come to this ballroom any more. why. it seems to be attracting a lower class of animal. oh, well. the shark pulls him down. ahh. i have a gnawing feeling you're right. let's tango. the country trio sings. i started on a journey just about a year ago, to a little town called morrow in the state of ohio. i've never been much of a traveler, and i really didn't know that morrow was the hardest place i'd ever try to go. so i went down to the station for my ticket and applied for tips regarding morrow, not expecting to be guyed. said i, "my friend, i'd like to go to morrow and return no later than tomorrow, for i haven't time to burn." said he to me now let me see if i have heard you right. you'd like to go to morrow and return tomorrow night. you should have gone to morrow yesterday, and back today, for the train that goes to morrow is a mile upon its way. if you had gone to morrow yesterday, now don't you see, you could have gone to morrow and returned today at three. for the train today to morrow, if the schedule is right, today it gets to morrow and returns tomorrow night. said i, "i'd like to go to morrow, so can i go today, and get to morrow by tonight if there is no delay." "well, well," i said to him, "and i've got no more to say can you get anywhere tomorrow and get back again today." said i, "i guess you know it all, but kindly let me say, how can i get to morrow if i leave this town today." said he  you cannot go to morrow anymore today, for the train that goes to morrow is a mile upon its way. i was so disappointed, i was mad enough to swear. the train had gone to morrow and had left me standing there. the man was right in telling me  you are a howling jay. you cannot go to morrow. well, i guess in town i'll stay. the song ends. i don't get it. they all shrug and walk off. main stage. kermit enters to a fanfare and applause. right now, friends, i am proud to present a group of performers that i personally discovered in the waiting room of a bus station in toledo, ohio. they weren't performing there, they were just waiting. but anyhow, let's bring 'em on with a big hand, marvin suggs and his muppaphone. ahhh. ole, ole, ole, ole, ole, ole. thank you, thank you and gracias. thank you. i amah the belovedah marvin suggsah. and now, presentingah, the performing members ofah, the muppaphone. the little fluff balls take their positions.  move it, move it. yeah, yeah. another day, another headache. mimimimimi  attention.   ahem. tuning up. with his mallet, he whacks them, playing a scale of "ow"s. the "so" is offkey, so suggs shifts it to the far left. oh, no. move it, marvin. move it. move it, marvin. move it. move it. attention.   ahem. tuning up. in the second attempt, the "ti" is too high, so he switches them. move it, lucy. move it. move it, move it, move it, move it. attention.   ahem. tuning up. in the third attempt, he plays a perfect scale of "ow"s. yes, yes. oh, yes, yes. marvin, you've done it.  do you need a vacation.  bernard.  owwwww. and now, "lady of spain." huh. the song. music swells up. he plays each note with his mallet, until a giant mallet knocks him out. the muppaphones conclude the song with one final harmonic note, and jump for joy. open on kermit and the panelists chitchatting. can we have a little quiet here. can we have a little quiet. quiet. quiet, please. he accidentally bangs his gavel on his own flipper, and yelps. uh, ahem, ok, time again to raise the intellectual level of our program, as our panel discusses questions of lasting importance. and our special guest tonight is miss tiffany gonzalez. 'allo 'allo 'allo. aloha, tiffany. and our question of lasting importance: "is conversation a dying art." what do you think, tiffany.  well, uh, yes, kermit, people don't know how to talk. they speak gibberish. they don't say nothing. you talk to people, they don't listen. fabulous. i'm talking to this crazy guy. i'm talking about war and peace. then he tells me something about the price of coconuts. now am i crazy or is he crazy. what did she say. i don't know. i wasn't listening. i was listening and i still don't know what she said. what's the matter with you. you don't understand english.  no, i don't understand "englich". wait a minute   don't make fun of the lady's accent. what accent. listen, boychik, i speak as good english as the next guy. yeah, if the next guy is desi arnaz.  piggy, please. girls, if you wa  excuse me. i want to talk.  listen, you.  how would you like a high heel in your hamhock.  well, i never.  yes, yes, yes. now what about, what about conversation as a dying art.  if conversation is a dying art, you've killed it. hahaha. piggy, uh, please. why don't you let tiffany and the guru talk. "tiffany and the guru." didn't that star annette funicello and frankie avalon.  oh, i saw that movie. listen, your time is almost up. they all talk at the same time as kermit bangs his gavel. listen to me. you see, in my country we have a seldom used saying: "when the swine lubricates the automobile, you end up with a greased pig." that don't make sense. i know. that's why it's seldom used. in my country we have a saying too: "cuando uno trabaja con una cochinita majadera lo que hay que hacer es darle la amenaza de posibilidad de asesinato."  what is that supposed to mean. that means one more crack from you and you're one dead enchilada.  who let this wacko taco on the panel. listen, how would you like to take a flying leap into a sausage factory.   don't touch me. uh, girls, uh  well uh  rita and piggy bicker, as they all start talking over each other. ok, i'm sick and tired of you. come over here. come over here. she's a coward. oh yeah. oh yeah. oh yeah. well, the question is, "is conversation a dying art." and i don't think it is, but it is severely injured. tune in next week when our topic will be improving uslatin american relations. okay. yes  that miss moreno is easy on the eyes, but hard on the ears. yes. in fact, i just got a concussion from that discussion.  the phone rings. fozzie answers it. the muppet show. backsta  boom. ok, who was it this time. the atomic energy commission. kermit scowls. transition to the newsroom. here's a muppet newsflash.  there is no news tonight.  hey, listen, rita. at this time in the show  kermit, kermit, before you go on  what.  i just have to tell you that i have always been a muppet nut. aw, well, that's very  that i love all of you so much.  a frog is very ticklish. hey, but listen. this, this is the part of the show where we have what we call our "talk spot," you see  oh, yeah.   where the guest sits here and talks casually and spontaneously with the frog, you see. and uh  i know, i know, but, kermit, haven't you ever noticed on these variety shows, when they have a talk spot, that the actors always come off so phony. i mean, you know that they're rehearsed. you know that they are reading cue cards. yeah, but, rita  jes.  on our show, on our  wait a minute.  "but rita, but rita, on our show, we do not use any cue cards, rita, on our show, we do not " kermit. i was just kidding there. oh, sorry. kermit, can't we just please do it muppetstyle. let's adlib it. oh, you mean adlib, just sort of yeah, just make it up. that's right, yeah  i don't mind. sure, yeah, just chatting, like that. sure. good, okay, let's do it then. well, i don't mind doing that, but there are others who might take offense. like who. like the guy who holds the cue cards. enter sweetums, the cue card holder. nice lady no want sweetums to hold cue cards. well, i, uh  no. well  nice lady let sweetums hold something else. oh, sure, you can hold anything you want. ahha. that best offer me have all week. he carries her away. uh, happens so often on our show. our guest stars just get carried away. main stage. sam stands on the proscenium. as all of us rightthinking people know, wayne and wanda are the only truly uplifting act on this whole questionable program. so, with a sense of  awesome pride, i present the singing team of wayne and wanda with "goody goody."  oh, goody goody. the curtain opens on them. so you met someone who set you back on your heels   goody goody. she scowls at him as the curtain closes. kermit enters right when the curtain closes. ok, moving right along, friends ...  stall, stall. yeah, ok, uh  once again, by popular demand, mr. fozzie bear. fozzie's fanfare plays as the curtain opens. thank you. yeah, love you all. yeah, it's me again, the old fozzie bear. hickory dickory dock, a laugh a minute by the clock. oh yeah. well, you better check your clock. it looks like it stopped.  i go with a lovely girl. she's so bowlegged, when she stands around the house, she stands around the house. hey. hey. you remind me of charlton heston. charlton heston doesn't tell jokes. well.  well, i'm good enough to play the palace. you're not good enough to clean the palace.  didn't you like my last joke. yes, if you promise it's your last joke.  youyou guys wouldn't know a good joke if you fell over one. well, we're not in any danger with your act.   ok, onstage for rita's closing number. that's rita, floyd and animal, please. onstage, onstage.  ok. everybody ready for that closing nu  i'll get it, i'll get it. don't. don't answer that phone, fozzie. i got it. i got it. no, fozzie. do not answer that telephone. oh, but, kermit. all these terrific funny things happen when i do answer it. i'm aware of that. i'm aware of that, fozzie. come on. watch out, i'll get it. is there no end to this running gag. animal runs by, rips the phone box out from the wall and runs off with it. well, i guess that puts an end to this running gag. yeah, and also to all the incoming calls. floyd plays bass, while animal plays the drums. never know how much i love you. never know how much i care. when you put your arms around me, i get a fever that's so hard to bear. you give me fever  animal makes a loud rimshot, which startles her somewhat. ... when you kiss me. fever when you hold me tight. fever  ...in the morning. fever all through the night. she walks up to animal. oye, buddy. quiero decirte que no se debe hacer eso. "listen, buddy. all i wanna tell you is that you shouldn't do that." it's not nice, entiendes. "it's not nice, understand." mirame a mi cuando te hable. este es mi numero, y si tu me fastidias mas, te voy a dar una gaznata que te vas a ver bobo. "look at me when i'm talking to you. this is my number, and if you bother me any more i'm gonna hit you so hard, it's gonna leave you stupid." so cool it.   "so cool it."  sun lights up the morning. moon lights up the night. i light up when you call my name. 'cause you know i'm gonna treat you right. you give me fever    when you kiss me.  ... me tight. animal goes full steam on the drums. fever  when you kiss me. fever when you hold me tight. fever all through the night. fever  all through the night. she walks up to him and crashes a pair of cymbals on his head.  that my kinda woman.  main stage. kermit appears in a tuxedo. well, once again, folks, we've come to the end of the show, and i cannot but pause to thank our lovely guest star, miss rita moreno. rita enters, carrying the humanoid muppet from the opening number, who she tosses aside. ole. rita, i wish you wouldn't throw things on the floor. we try to be neat around here. oh, that's ok, kermit. he loves it. i had lunch with him today. it's ok. ok, if you say so. hey, thank you, rita. and thank you all. join us next time on the muppet show.    fozzie, don't upstage her, ok. she cheers as muppets gather around her. the credits roll. the balcony appears empty, until statler and waldorf rise from the floor. i still couldn't find the chewing gum. ) )