contents the dressing room. scooter knocks on the door and peers in. liberace. uh, liberace. thirty seconds to curtain, liberace. thank you. you know, scooter  for years i've had pianoshaped finger rings and pianoshaped swimming pools... oh, i know that. well, i want to thank the muppets for making my life complete. i now have a pianoshaped house pet. the piano sprouts eyes and growls. whoa.  it wants to be walked. or tuned.  it's the muppet show with our very special guest star, liberace. yaaayy. the curtain opens, and the theme begins. why must they get things started.  gonzo blows into his horn, with no result. rats. his horn plays a fanfare by itself. the canteen. gonzo picks up his order. thank you, gladys. a chained animal startles gonzo, knocking the food off his plate. food...  uh, excuse me, down there, for a second. uh, i'd like you to be on your best behavior tonight because we have a real artist on the show, liberace.  liberace. cool it.  cool it, cool it. down. easy. stay. uh, okay, good. now, listen. uh, later on, liberace is doing an entire concert for us, so i'd like some dignity on the show.  dignity. dignity. dignity. down, animal. down, down.  down. floyd, maybe you better shorten his chain tonight. hey boss, you'd better get on stage. the show's started. kermit frantically rushes to the stage, tripping on something on the way. dignity. dignity. dignity, dignity. main stage. kermit enters to applause and a fanfare. thank you, thank you, thank you and welcome, again, to the muppet show. hey, you're gonna have a real treat tonight because our very special guest star is the one and only liberace. and later on in the show, he's going to play an entire concert for us. a sad rowlf walks by, holding a candelabra. don't take it personally, rowlf. anyhow, right now i'd like you to close your eyes and think of exotic greek dancers. because, if you open 'em, you'll see this. miss piggy and the pigs perform the greek number, "never on sunday," while dancing and smashing plates. a traditional greek dance begins hey, zorba. mykonos.  hummus.  retsina.  baklava. hey. the tempo increases. piggy cheers as plates get smashes. i love the bouzouki music. animal shows up with a bazooka. bazooka. bouzouki. bouzouki. animal fires at one of the pillars. applause. greek music. very appropriate for the pigs. the pigs are from greece. the pigs are greasy. they chuckle. the pigs pass by kermit. okay, piggy, you were good. i was great. right. hey  i thought we were into dignity tonight, chief. those guys left a mess out there. well, that's true, but the next act will take care of the broken glass. what's the next act. alfredo and hildegard, the mop dancers. two whatnots pass by with their mops. kermit speaks to the one in the wig. hildegard, you look beautiful. i'm alfredo. of course. great planning, chief. uh, excuse me. i'm looking for... check upstairs. the dressing room with the star on it. fletcher goes upstairs and enters the dressing room. what's that all about. well, you see, liberace is planning his whole concert  uh, his whole concert around our feathered friends. he's auditioning birds in his dressing room. whoosh. enter gonzo. auditioning birds. but he hasn't seen my chicken act. nellie. camilla. get your tap shoes, your seltzer bottles, your bunny ears. wait till liberace sees this bird act. good grief. uh, hey scooter, tell swedish chef his percolator act is next. check. hey, gladys. where's that fried egg i ordered. oh. chef, where's that fried egg floyd ordered.  yeah, great. just give it to me. oh, swedish chef. on stage for the percolator act. the chef plops the egg on gladys's hand and rushes onstage. gladys walks over to floyd and plops the egg on the table. that's it, huh. 'fraid so, honey.  can i have a handful of coffee to go with it. open on the chef, dancing with two pepper grinders.   brk brk brk. he tosses them and displays a coffee percolator.   de prkltr. i prklte de cffe. he turns it on and hums while it percolates. he hears a strange sound, and removes his hat to find a percolator on his head. the veterinarian's hospital cast rushes in. wht de hy. oh, wow, dr. bob. what's wrong with this man. oh, i think he has an advanced case of ingrown coffeepot.  is it rare. yes. usually it's found in hedgehogs. in hedgehogs. surely you've heard of perkupines. they all laugh. on the other hand, pigs also suffer from it. pigs. yes, haven't you heard of porkulators. they all laugh. so dr. bob has made a house call. tune in next time when you'll hear nurse piggy say  dr. bob, should we get him to a hospital. no. just keep him away from policemen. why. he'll get a perking ticket. they all laugh. okay. i didn't understand that, but uh, whatever it was. uh, thank you, swedish hospital veterinarian chef. well, so much for dignity. kermit, kermit, kermit. oh, boy. everybody here is really excited about the  the concert liberace's doing with all birds. so i've noticed. yeah, yeah, especially gonzo. you're telling me. i had to put a security guard on liberace's dressing room door. gonzo talks to the guard. i'm telling you, he's got to see my chickens. liberace ain't using no chickens in his concert. well then maybe he'll see me. he's only seeing birds. i'm a bird. yeah, i'm a  i'm a turkey. you're not a real turkey. are you kidding. have you seen my act.  hey, lee, i got this real turkey to see you. gonzo whooshes in. here is a muppet news flash. work was started today on the remodeling of the muppet news studio, and it is said that... oh. a wrecking ball plows through the wall, startling him. it won't be long now. i'm down to the ten finalists in the bird auditions. open on piggy, the opera diva, standing on the opera stage.  i'm getting so tired of these comedy songs. i want to sing something divine. i'm sure and i'm certain to shine, as a star in the opera line. i simply love wagner, mozart and puccini. their music is simply tip top. from now on, miss piggy'll be known as piggini, and see if i can't get a job.  i want to sing in operrrra. i've got that kind of voice, i'd always sing in operrra if i could have my choice. signore caruso told me i ought to do so. that's why i want to sing in opera, sing in opopopopopera. three other pigs join her, including link. come in, boys. on three. one, two, three. she wants to sing in opera. she's got that kind of voice. she'd love to sing in opera if she could have her choice. signore carrrrruso told me i ought to do so. that's why i want to sing in opera, sing in opopopopopera. to sing.  to sing.  to sing.   all right, knock it off. applause. the pigs bow. ladies and gentlemen, the muppets are pleased and honored to turn over the rest of tonight's show to one of the world's most amazing performers. here he is, in concert, what we've all been waiting for, ladies and gentlemen, liberace. the curtain opens. liberace bows, removes his cape and sits at the piano. he begins with an elaborate variation of "chopsticks". he gets up and bows. thank you. thank you very much. i can't tell you how much fun it is doing this show. sure, it's fun doing the show. mm. try watching the show and see how much fun it is. they chuckle. hey, i've heard about you guys, and i'm not going to let you spoil things. i'm going to do something for the first time. i'm going to dedicate an entire concert to all the birds. i think you'll enjoy it. if we do, that'll be another first.  well, listen, you guys. if you can't say something nice, don't say anything. well, that's one way of keeping us quiet.  good. oh, before i get started, i just want to explain. i know, perhaps, you'll be looking at my fingers and wondering if they're real. cut to a closeup of his diamondstudded rings. they are real diamonds.  i'm glad you want to see them, because let's face it, you bought it.  you know what, there's enough karats here to feed all the rabbits in the world.  well, what do you think.  yep, they're real, all right.  well, without further ado, let's begin our special concert dedicated to all the birds. i can hardly wait. thank you, little fella. he plays "misty", as the set changes to a a foggy bay setting with seagulls flying around. this is followed by chopin's "nocturne in f sharp", which is accompanied by a flock of bird dancers. applause. well, do you like what you've heard so far. yes. you've spoiled a perfect record. mm. well, i'm pleased you liked it so far. mr. liberace. hello, sam. how's everything. so far everything has been very cultural. and that worries me, sir. well, i thought you liked culture. mm. i played the nocturne especially for you. okay. i dedicated it to the birds. yes, yes, yes. but. i know this show, and i have seen your work too, sir. because you have now played chopin, it follow,s as night follows day, that soon you will be wearing a rhinestone tuxedo, and playing shameless boogiewoogie. i promise you, sam, i won't be doing that soon. no. i'm gonna do it right now. sam facepalms and walks offstage as liberace goes to town on the keys. he then sings as some gawky birds take the stage. eight foot two, eyes of blue, but, what those eight feet can do. has anybody seen my bird. tall and bright, what a sight. feathered friends of such a height. has anybody seen my bird. now, if you run into an eight foot two, feathered and fine, lovely wings, all those things  bet your life, that bird is mine. oh, could she bill, could she coo. could she cockadoodledo. has anybody seen my   bird. there he is.  the birds cheer as fletcher does a charleston. take over, rowlf. okay. rowlf takes over as liberace dances with fletcher. oh, it's liberace. oh, look at that, he's dancing with you. statler and waldorf dance along. the birds from the ballot join the fun onstage. now, if you run into an eight foot two, feathered and fine, lovely wings, all those things  bet your life, that bird is mine. oh, could she bill, could she coo. could she cockadoodledo. has anybody seen my  bet your life she's been by has anybody seen my bird. applause. well, it's been a very special show, and we owe it all to our very special guest. ladies and gentlemen, liberace. yaaaayy. applause.  thank you. thank you, kermit. it's really been fun doing a special concert for you.  but you didn't use my chicken act. gonzo. you didn't show liberace that awful tap dancing chicken act, did you. of course he did. they do it in bunny ears. i'm using it in my new las vegas act. that's wonderful. i've already ordered the rhinestone bunny ears. i  i don't believe this. we'll see you next time on the muppet show. they make rhinestone bunny ears. liberace wiggles his ringed fingers as birds and other muppets flock the stage. the credits roll. finally, we've seen them do a good show. good. can we please stop coming now.  ) )