contents the dressing room. scooter knocks on the door. lesley ann warren, 20 seconds to curtain, miss warren.  okay, thank you. thank you, scooter. good luck to both of ya'. good luck to both of us. luncheon counter monster pops up next to lesley. luck.. don't wish us good luck. we got talent.  we got drive.  we got charisma.  so don't wish us no lousy, stinkin', rotten luck. ...uh...wish me luck....awwww. lesley coyly elbows the monster. it's the muppet show, with our very special guest star, lesley ann warren. yaaay. the curtain opens, and the theme begins. statler and waldorf do a short softshoe routine during the musical break. gonzo blows his horn, which moos. a cow appears in the "o." ah. ugh...ooo... main stage. kermit enters to applause. hi ho and welcome again to the muppet show. hey, we hope you're as glad to see us as we are to see us, among other people. uh, uh, anyhow, tonight we got a real treat for you because our very special guest stars are that world famous knifethrowing act, lesley and warren. uh, uh, but first...  kermit, kermit. oh, what is it, scooter. oh, only one of 'em showed up. what. how can you have a knifethrowing act with only one person. where's the other one. i don't know. maybe he had an accident on the last gig. kermit grimaces in horror as scooter runs out. uh, well, as i was saying, we have a really terrific show tonight with our very special guest star, lesley and/or warren. lesley steps out onstage behind kermit. the crowd applauds. wait a minute. aren't you... i am your guest star. oh, ladies and gentlemen, it's lesley ann warren. yaaay.  uh, but wait a minute. you're not lesley and warren, you're lesley ann warren, the actress, the dancer, the singer.  thank you. so, how come you're doing a dumb knifethrowing act. ya' know, kermit, i thought you were the one person on this show who wasn't crazy. me not crazy. i hired the others. uh, bubut, listen. jujust come backstage and we'll sort this whole thing out. in the meanwhilst, i'll leave you in the company of "the great gonzooooo." kermit leads lesley out as the curtains open to a fanfare. gonzo sits atop a motorcycle at the bottom of a ramp. eh...good evening, ladies and gentlemen. this evening, i will a feat of lunatic daring. before your very eyes, i will ride this motorcycle, up this ramp and jump directing into that box, landing safely between those two elderly gentlemen. what.. oh, i can assure you. you'll be in no danger. you're right. we'll be in chicago.  for their own safety, uh, while they were dozing, i took the precaution of chaining them to their chairs. statler and waldorf try to move, but discover they're stuck. help. help. on my mark...get set...go.  woo. gonzo rides the bike up the ramp, where it shorts out as it reaches the top. uh oh.  gonzo and his bike roll backwards off the ramp, crashing. hooray. bravo. wonderful. loved it. encore. backstage, fozzie covers his eyes. oh, boy. oh, good grief. first, i accentually introduce lesley ann warren as a knifethrowing act and then, gonzo does that. we are off to a crummy start. gonzo rolls in on his motorcycle. oh, it's gonna be a great act, kermit. but, something's wrong with my bike. gonzo...  maybe if i advance the spark...whaha. gonzo's motorcycle takes off and goes down the stairs and out the stage door. fozzie watches in shock. turn left. turn left. kermit covers his eyes and walks out. kermit enters to a fanfare. uh, uh, i'm sorry about that confusion before, folks. but, it is time now to bring out our very special guest star... a pair of cucumbers, lesley and warren, walk onstage. well, here we are. ready to go on. what are you two doing out here. we're the very special guest stars. right. lesley and warren, the dancing cucumbers. the two dance a little as kermit whimpers. see. he's lesley and i'm warren.  yeah, yeah. but, our special guest star is a big tv star that sings and dances and acts and does comedy. yeah, but can she make salad. will you two get out of here.. kermit furiously chases the two offstage, then pops back in. uh, uh, uh...ladies and gentlemen, lesley ann warren. the curtain opens on an abstract castle set. an interpretation of beauty and the beast by miss lesley ann warren. lesley stars in "beasty and the beaut," a ballet interpretation of beauty and the beast. lesley happens upon a castle, which is home to a beast . the two share a connection and dance together. lesley must part and leaves him with a flower to remember her by. heartbroken, the beast collapses. time passes and lesley returns, only to find her friend in a brokenhearted coma. she tries to help him recover, but to no avail. she kisses him, which not only revives him, but makes her a beast too. the two end the scene with a uptempo, vaudevillian finale. how do they do that. statler's head transforms into doglion's. do what. fozzie approaches kermit at his desk. hey, kermit. kermit, kermit. hmm. what. hey, i got a message for ya' from gonzo. uh oh. what's the bad news. hmm. oh, no, it's good news. yeah. gonzo has half of his motorcycle jump perfected. gonzo's motorcycle begins revving elsewhere in the room. which half. the takeoff. what about the landing. wha. gonzo's motorcycle sails across the room and crashes on top of kermit and fozzie. the three rise up, disheveled. gonzo is crosseyed. ...the landing still needs work.  dr. strangepork, are "dummo rays" dangerous. well, not really, link. they only affect creatures of very low intelligence. miss piggy. hm. maybe you better lock yourself in a closet 'til we pass through them.  hmph. trs amusant, mon capitan. hmm. huh. we should be starting through them now. oh no. yes, there they are. yes, oh no. oh, oh, oh. oh, look. it looks like it could...oh...oh...oh... a starshaped, red beam passes through the bridge. link is rendered motionless. ah, that's it. we're through them.  oh. well, that wasn't so bad. hmm. vell, i told you. you really have to be shtupid to be affected by dummo rays. piggy notices link's motionless body. ...link.  oh, no. suey.  does that mean. dramatic sting yes. but, the effect is only temporary. so, don't panic. panic. are you kiddin'. this is the change of a lifetime. i am taking over. move it, fatso. piggy pushes link's body over and he falls to the floor. but, miss piggy... ha ha. captain piggy. piggy pulls a lever and the bay window closes. hang on, strangepork, you're goin' for the ride of your life. what. piggy pulls another lever and the swinetrek begins to pick up speed. strangepork is flung into his chair. woohoo. hoo. captain piggy. link will be coming out of it in about ten seconds. ten seconds.. aw, rats. oh... piggy returns the ship to normal. link rises up, holding his head and moaning. i must warn you, captain. dummo rays have one side effect the victim becomes a tap dancer. a what. link begins to tap dance, humming "tea for two." i don't believe this. where did he get those shoes.. oh... link begins to dance faster as piggy walks out of the scene. oh, go link. yeah.  oh, that's cute stuff. come on in. yeah, cute stuff.  dr. teeth plays "mack the knife." oh, the shark has pretty teeth, dear and he shows them pearly white just a jackknife has macheath, dear and he keeps it outta sight sam the eagle enters, reads some of the sheet music and stops the song. stop, stop. stop, stop, stop. this is an appalling song of gore and violence. well, uh, maybe you just don't understand it, sam. it contains a lotta slang. hm. "a shark has pearly teeth dear" is slang. eh, sure. uh, "shark" is a term for man. everybody knows that "teeth" is slang for money.  whuh...whwhwh...what about that "jackknife" here, hmm, hmm. uh, uh...cockney rhyming slang. ...what. jackknife, wife. wwh, all right, all right. but, "when the shark bites with his teeth, dear, scarlet billows start to spread." hmm. hmm. hmm. hmm. let's see, uh..."biting" obviously means buying something. scarlet billows...sofa pillows. ...so, the song, then, is about a man who has a wife for whom he buys...pillows. exactly. dr. teeth resumes the song, as sam attempts to grove along. on the sidewalk, sunday morning lies a body oozin' life someone's sneakin' 'round the corner is that someone mack the knife.. i don't fully grasp it, but, i'm sure it's a lovely sentiment. dr. teeth finishes playing and laughs as sam exits. and now ladies and gentlemen, the beautiful and talented lesley ann warren, accompanied by our very own rowlf. the curtains open, instead revealing marvin suggs and the muppaphone with their typical set dressing. ol, ol, ol, ol, ol. ol, s'ank you, s'ank you, gracas and s'ank you. lesley enters, confused. oh, uh...  where's rowlf. you're not rowlf. no. i am ze beloved marvin suggsa. and zez are my muppaphones and we will accompany you. that's fine. but, uh, where is rowlf. who cares. music, maestro. oh, marvin, you are so talented. the band begins to play. marvin begins beating the muppaphones to the tune of "the blue danube." lesley is horrified. oh no. oh, these...oh...stop the music. stop that music. the band silences as lesley grabs marvin's mallet. but, but... please, mr. suggs, what are you doing.. making abeauuutiful musica. lesley picks up a shivering muppaphone and strokes it. these little creatures are alive and you're hitting them. but that's cruel.  oh, it is cruel. you not hear zem complaining, do you.  shut up. rowlf rushes in. hey, listen, i'm sorry i'm late, but somebody locked me in my dressing room. oh. oh, who did it. marvin turns away, innocently. i'm not sure.  uh, i saw marvin go in the dressing... shut up. i zink i will change your names to "the finkaphones." thathat's enough of that. hey cacan we strike this whole thing. strike the set. strike the muppaphones. oh. i would love to. you didn't have to say it like that. the muppaphones are dragged offstage, as marvin strikes them. the set piece and curtains are removed as well. uh, can we, uh, bring in the piano. and let me have some stars back there in the sky. beauregard wheels in rowlf's piano. stars and color begin to fill the background. there you go. oh, good. uh, thankthank you, beauregard. a little more light than that, actually, would be good. oh, thank you. wewe'll change the mood here and we'll come down. please. ohhh. and, uh, we have a gorgeous little song here.  yeah, it's one of my favorites. yeah, me too. wow. lesley sings "just the way you are." lesley'  oh, i love you. you know, i really liked that. yeah, me too. ...are we in the right theater.  kermit enters. and now, for the second time this evening, the great gonzo will attempt a motorcycle jump off of this stage, into that box up there, landing safely between those two elderly gentlemen. we're not afraid, we know gonzo. if at first you don't succeed, fail, fail again.  and so, here he is now, ladies and gentlemen...  i'm ready, kermit. yeah, i'm introducing you. introduce fast, i'm really ready. okay, ladies and gentlemen, the great gonzo. the curtains open just as gonzo flies through them, crashing into statler and waldorf's box. the two duck. there. that was easy, wasn't it. ohhh.  various muppets hang out at a discotheque. link hogthrob chats with a female, when lesley groves in. link notices her. well, uh, hi there, good looking. what was that. well, that was my snappy opening line. sort of an ice breaker. well, i'd, um, i'd hate to break perfectly good ice. uh...what.  wait a minute. aren't you link hogthrob. hmmm, the same.  i'm one of the stars of the show here. uh, perhaps you've admired from afar. oh...well, um, i'd really rather admire you from near. um, what. maybe while we dance. oh. well, uh, uh, actually, i'm not much of a dancer and, uh, and tonight's my night to go bowling and uh link tries to leave, but lesley holds him back. oh, oh, oh, no, please, it's the last dance. it is. lesley beings to sing "last dance," starting off slowly flirting with link. once she reaches the dance floor, she rips off her dress, revealing a much less conservative one. she drags him to the floor and plays with his arms to make him dance. eventually, the rest of the patrons join them on the floor. kermit enters. okay. well, i think it's just about time we call it a show. so, it's a show. anyhow, before we go, let's have a warm thank you for our very special guest star, ladies and gentlemen, lesley ann warren. yaaay. lesley enters to applause. um, you were introducing me, right. not the dancing cucumbers. oh. i'm sorry about that, lesley. i mean, who knew there was an act called lesley and warren. three colorful characters, les, lee and warren, enter. are you kidding.. sure, everybody knows us les, lee and warren. yup, that's us.  oh, i get it. uh, let me see...you're les, you're lee and you're warren. see. yeah, uh, by the way, who's the lady. oh. she's pretty. uh, uh, i'm sorry 'bout that, lesley. we'll make it up to you somehow. and we'll see you next time on the muppet show. the muppets gather around lesley as the clothing theme plays. up in the balcony, gonzo's bike teeters on the edge of the box. ya' know, this show's beginning to roll. so's the motorbike. the motorcycle falls out of the box, whistling as it crashes below. gonzo pops through the hole in the balcony and watches in fright. oh. ) )