contents the dressing room. scooter knocks on the door. john denver. 15 seconds to curtain, john. all right, scooter. thanks. scooter departs. waldorf enters. listen denver, you're a good kid. let me help you get away so you don't have to do this crummy show. come on. wait a minute. i want to work with the muppets. you do. well, yeah. i think this is a terrific show, waldorf. you're beyond help. heh. waldorf departs. john chuckles. it's the muppet show, with our very special guest star, john denver. yaaay. the curtain opens, and the theme begins. well. he wouldn't listen. they must have brainwashed him. gonzo's head explodes and appears in another corner. hahahahaha. whoopee. main stage. enter kermit. thank you, thank you, thank you, and welcome again to the muppet show. it is going to be a terrific show tonight because our guest star is one of the great talents of the music world, mr. john denver. and because john is such an outdoors lover, we're going to spend a lot of the show in the country. beauregard peers from behind the curtain. kermit, kermit, i haven't quite finished building the set yet. well, uh, how much time do you need. thursday. uh, beau, we have to do the number now. well okay, but it looks like a battlefield back there. it's supposed to. oh. then it's finished. uh, ladies and gentlemen, our opening number. song: "why can't we be friends." a group of whatnot soldiers  sing "why can't we be friends" . outfits include roman, musketeers of the guard, first french empire , imperial russian army, american civil war, american cowboys and native americans, and world war i. at the end, statler and waldorf fire at the fighters with a machine gun, and they collectively surrender. they got up. we must have missed them. we didn't miss them, we were shooting blanks. we were. of course. statler accidentally fires another round, reaching the ceiling. well, some of them were blanks. waldorf chuckles. the cast of the opening number passes by kermit. okay, nice opening number. oh, thank you very much, sir. okay, soldiers, nicely waged. all right, j. amphibiousness, now, what is this important announcement you wanted to make. yes, what. floyd, piggy, scooter, fozzie, beau and gonzo begin to gather and express curiosity. okay, uh, hey, listen everybody, john denver has invited us all to join him on a weekend camping trip. the rest react with excitement. oh. up in the mountains. uh, well, no, actually, see, john and i decided it would fun to take you all and show you the land of my birth. you mean. yes, it will be a weekend in the swamp. everyone except kermit groans. well, i just remembered i've got a basketball game on saturday. yeah, and the band's got three extra gigs this weekend. and, uh, i've signed up for a seminar on mildew. well, thank you very much, miss piggy. mmhmm. besides, a weekend in the swamp will be very healthy for you all. and just how do you figure that. if you go, i won't put you in the hospital. let's go pack those knapsacks, guys. scooter and rest of them exit. you do that, good. nice spirit.   i wonder if they have room service. main stage. enter kermit. uh, ladies and gentlemen, with us tonight is one of the good guys of contemporary music, mr. john denver. open curtain. john sings garden song with some flowers. you know something. that was a sweet number. it sure was. you know something else. what. i hate sweet numbers. they chuckle. the flowers pass by kermit. okay, very good, flowers. get to your dressing pots. kermie.  kermie, oh, i am so excited about spending a weekend in the swamp with vous, you little green hunk, you.  yeah, well, very good miss piggy. but you must remember that camping can be tough 'cause we're gonna be roughing it. oh, i know. that is why i'm only bringing four long dresses. and of course, a dozen pairs of shoes. and, uh, some apres swim togs  wait, wait, wait and my sun visor spectacles. piggy, piggy, you can't carry all that stuff. carry. i do not intend to carry anything. but, campers carry everything they need. look, come here a second. what, what. kermit walks her over to a backpack. see, for instance, floyd here has just packed his backpack. see that. you expect moi to carry that heavy thing. sure, that's how you go camping. forget it. i am not going. okay, as you will. kermit walks past annie sue. oh, mr. kermit, sir. when we get to the swamp, will you give me a swimming lesson. oh, why, sure, annie sue. it uh, it might be kinda fun to teach a cute little pig to, uh, frog kick.  thank you sir. kermie. she grunts while carrying the backpack. kermie, you were right. this backpack weighs next to nothing. see. oh, annie sue. pardon moi.  the forest. the chef sings his theme while waving ladles.  yeng, br dng, de h, badesked, ye b gedr deyr mmm brk brk brk. he tosses away the ladles. a gopher giggles, while a possum catches one in its mouth, then spits it out.  yngish vern de grat outdors, we mke de squrl stw.  de squrl   no squrl. ooh.  so  squrl. oh, where de squr  oh, squrl. hell, squrl. the squirrel waves. cme o. oh squrl.  uhuh. oh be go. come on do.  uhuh.  we shake the tree. he begins to rattle the tree as the squirrel hangs on for its life. cme dwn, squrl. cme dwn  many squirrels fall from the tree. the chef scrambles to catch them. he reacts to being bitten on the hand, then picks up a meat cleaver and chases the squirrels offstage. cme n squrl, i get de squrl  wwwaaaaaahhh. a bear seizes the meat cleaver and chases the chef away. the squirrels cheer him on.  bork, bork, bork. he tosses the cleaver away. the squirrels laugh. john walks downstairs from his dressing room and sits by gonzo.  inch by inch, row by row. hiya gonzo. oh, hi, john. how you doing, man. i'm doing fine. hey, i really enjoyed your last number. aw, thanks very much, gonzo. i enjoyed that, too. yeah, hey listen, i wonder if you'd share some of the secrets of your success with me since we're both in the same field. well, yeah, i'd be happy to. you know, you've got to take care of your throat. you can't let yourself get too tired when you're singing... oh, i don't need help with my singing.  i need help with my gardening. you've got a garden. oh, yeah, john. i've got the world's biggest mold garden. mold garden. yeah, mold. far out. how did you get into that. well, about a year ago, i went away on vacation, and i forgot to clean out my refrigerator. yeah. and, when i got back, the food was all green and fuzzy, and it was just too cute to throw out. so, what's the problem. well, i don't have any privacy anymore. sometimes i think my garden is plotting against me. you're kidding. gonzo yelps as mushrooms surround him and john. you know, you could be right. there's a fungus among us. gonzo. what. the bulb in the refrigerator got busted. how did that happen. well, we were playing puff ball and reggie hit a long one.  all right, i'll replace it, but this is the last time. oh, thanks. you're a real spore.  yeah, yeah.   nobody knows the truffles i've seen  john giggles as the mushrooms attack him. a forest. music plays as piggy sings.  i think that i shall never see a poem lovely as a tree a tree whose hungry mouth is prest against the earth's sweet flowing breast a tree that looks at god all day and lifts her leafy arms to pray. a tree that may in summer wear a nest of robins in her hair, upon whose bosom snow has lain who intimately lives with rain poems are made by fools like me  what a rotten voice. you know what a tree would call you. a pine in the neck.  with a voice like that, you won't be very poplar around here.  if i couldn't sing any better than that, i'd leaf.  excuse me while i chop some wood. hiyah. she gives the tree a karate chop, then exits. three pigs sing "the happy wanderer" while climbing up a mountain, but every time they sing the third "valderah," one of them falls down. the third one, though skittish, makes it to the top, but is knocked down by an avalanche. a goat peeks out and chuckles like bert. john tunes his guitar, and hears a knock on the door. come in. piggy enters. hello, johnathan, dear. why, hello miss piggy. hello. miss piggy, you look  amazing. and lovely, thank you.  this is my designer collection hiking suit. don't you know. she displays her backpack, then admires herself in the mirror. well, it's... piggy, is that a gold lam backpack that you're wearing. oh, you noticed. well, it's hard not to  piggy, we are going to the swamp. yes, the swamp, yes. do you have everything, do you have your snake bite kit.  what. your  your snake bite kit. there are snakes in the swamp, they may bite you. snakes. well, yes piggy, snakes. and also, you need a short, sharp stick about that long. a walking stick, yes, yes, i'm sure... no, no, no, this is for the alligators. she suddenly shows dire concern.  alligators. why yes, darling. the alligators, when they open their mouths to eat you, you jam the stick and they can't close their jaws.  can't close their jaws  good.  well, yes, also, piggy, one other thing, and this is of critical importance. yes. every morning when you get up, before you put your boots on, be very sure to shake them vigorously. whwhwhy. well, piggy, at night when you're asleep in the swamp, sometimes there are spiders and little creepy crawly things and they'll get in your boots and if you don't shake them out... she winces. john bursts out laughing. you think that's funny.  i'm sorry... they'l crawl up your legs, piggy. they'll be all over you.  oh no, not the legs, please. you have to  i'm sorry  oh, not there, please, john. oh. oh. please. please. oh. she runs out of the room screaming.  poor girl's got a case of the nerves. i think she needs a week in the country. piggy runs down the stairs, fuming.  oh, miss piggy appears angry. angry. no, i am not angry. your star is not angry. she is merely  disappointed. disappointed.  yes. you have not been honest with me, kermit. i haven't.  no. when you told me we were spending a week in the swamp mmhm.  well, you never said there would be snakes and spiders and   alligators. well, no, i was saving the best part for a surprise. surprise. mmhmm. kermie, you are out of your little green mind.   well, gee miss piggy, you know, i was born in the swamp. my, my roots are there and i just wanted you and my other friends to see it. but, uh, we don't have to go back to the swamp. we can, uh  we can go back to where you were born. the sty. you know, where your roots are.  where pigs eat swill, and wallow in the mud. remember that. huh. huh. huh. huh.  she gives him a karate chop, which sends him flying to the stage. he picks himself up. well, uh, ladies and gentlemen, once again, mr. john denver. john sings "grandma's feather bed" with a bed full of muppet kids and dogs. the stage. kermit appears wearing a backpack and baseball cap. okay, well, it looks like we've come down to the end of another one. but, before we go, let us bring back our wonderful guest star, ladies and gentlemen, john denver. yaay. john enters. thanks, kermit. thank you, everybody. kermit, it was an absolute thrill to work with you. thank you for having me on the show. aw, it was our pleasure, john. but, you know, it looks like it's gonna be just you and me on that camping trip, 'cause everybody else backed out. oh, is that.... i'm sorry to hear that, but listen, kermit, never mind, we'll have a great time. i'll teach you how to catch frogs. whwhat. well, yeah, what you do is you wait until dark, you see, and then you take a flashlight and you shine it out on the water... john, i know all about those flashlights. how do you think my eyes got this way. well, listen, i'll find somebody else to go camping with me. we'll see you next time on the muppet show. the dogs surround john and kermit as the credits roll. kermit appears in the balcony with statler and waldorf. well guys, it's just the three of us for a weekend in the swamp. oh no. ) )