contents the dressing room. scooter knocks on the door. crystal gayle. fifteen seconds to curtain, crystal. oh, thanks, scooter. would you do me a favor and cue me on my lines. well, sure. he walks over to the table and reads from the script. uh, "crystal gayle. fifteen seconds to curtain, crystal." "thanks, scooter. would you do me a favor and cue me on my lines." perfect.   if it helps any, i didn't understand that either. it's the muppet show, with our very special guest star, crystal gayle. yaaay. the curtain opens, and the theme begins. penguins appear in the balcony. why did you invite these penguins. because the aardvarks have the flu. they chuckle. gonzo plays as bubbles come out of his trumpet. main stage. kermit enters to applause. thank you, thank you, thank you and welcome again to the muppet show. we call it that because um, uh, well, we call it that because the whole show is just filled with muppets. uh, plus one human being. and tonight it's a very special human being, the lovely recording artist, miss crystal gayle. but first. but first, we present an old german folk song. and it's not from west germany, it's not from east germany, it seems to be from uh  south germany. why not. the curtain opens on a german brewery. german penguins, pigs, dogs, a goat, and a walrus sing an oompah version of "swanee". well, what'd you think of that number. i can't talk about it. why not. i still have relatives in germany. they chuckle. scooter conducts a group of prairie dogs who sing "somebody stole my gal". hi there, scooter. oh, hi, kermit. hey, the prairie dog glee club really sounds good. yeah, well, they've been working really hard. kermit notices the critters carrying things around the room. yeah, they're uh  they're still working pretty hard. scooter, what are they doing. guys, come on. cut it out. aww. take five. each. the critters cheer and help themselves to what's on the table. i mean, stop it. i'm sorry, kermit, i guess they've got a little pack rat blood in 'em. they keep stealing everything. yeah, but  eh  we can't have this on the show, scooter. yeah, i know. uh, you better talk to 'em. i gotta go introduce crystal gayle.  okay, guys, i'm gonna count to three, and i wanna see everything just in the place it was. okay.  one  two  three. he opens his eyes, and the entire area has been stripped. a door slams. what the hey. main stage. kermit enters to a fanfare. okay. well, enough of this nonsense. it is sanity time here on the muppet show, and here is our very special guest star, ladies and gentlemen, the lovely miss crystal gayle. open on crystal strolling down a road. she is joined by a dog, then by other runaways. here i go once again with my suitcase in my hand and i'm running away down river road and i swear, once again, that i'm never coming home i'm chasing my dreams down river road mama said, "listen child, you're too old to run wild you're too big to be fishin' with the boys these days" so i grabbed some clothes and ran stole five dollars from a sugar can a twelve year old jail breaker runnin' away. here i go once again with my suitcase in my hand and i'm running away down river road and i swear, once again, that i'm never coming home i'm chasing my dreams down river road. she is joined by a horse, a baby, and an escaped convict. well, i married a pretty good man and he tries to understand but he knows i've got leavin' on my mind these days when i get that urge to run, i'm just like a kid again the same old jail breaker runnin' away. here i go once again with my suitcase in my hand and i'm running away down river road and i swear, once again, that i'm never coming home i'm chasing my dreams down river road. an old lady passes. you look like you're running away. sure i am. yeah. i ran away, in 1924. what happened. ehh, i'm still runnin'. i sleep on the hard ground every night, haven't changed my socks since world war ii. last night for dinner, i ate a fence post. crystal turns around and heads home. there she goes, home again, with her suitcase in her hand no more running away down river road. and i swear, once again, that i'm never leaving home to go running away down river road. to go running away down river road. applause. nice song. yeah. kinda reminds me of the time i ran away from home. when was that. last night. the wife was driving me crazy. they chuckle. the cast of the opening number passes by kermit. okay. nice number, guys. very pretty, crystal. hey, boss. okay, yes. the prairie dog glee club's ready. oh, good. i'll schedule their number in the second half of the show. good. uh, did you uh, talk to them about stealing though. yeah, but i think you'd better talk to 'em. i mean, after all, you are the head honcho. i think they'd listen to you. okay. hey, fellas. uh, kermit wants to talk to you. the critters gather around kermit, and scooter leaves. uh, yeah. uh, listen, gang, it's not nice to take other people's things. you see, that's called  the critters start taking things again, clearing kermit's desk.  uh, that's called stealing and uh  uh  guys. scooter. yeah, boss. they've taken everything. oh, no. kermit's collar is immediately snatched off. he hides behind his desk in embarrassment. gee, boss. i've never seen you naked before. kermit scurries away. crystal hears a knock on her door. who is it. beauregard enters with a piece of paper. it's me, miss gayle, beauregard the janitor.  what can i do for you, beauregard. well, um  uh   could i have your autograph. you sure can. she takes his paper, signs it, and gives it back to him. there you go. okay, thank y  hey, wait, this is no good. it's upside down. she turns it right side up. how's that.  how did you do that. she chuckles. inside the swinetrek, a buzzing noise is heard. oh. listen. the warning buzzer. someone's outside the door. the door opens, and dr. julius enters, looking quite messy. oh, captain. captain link. all is lost. what. oh, they breached our security. there's no stopping them. our weapons are useless. link and piggy begin to cower. he'll be here soon, with his storm troopers.  i  held them off as long as i  could. he collapses on the dashboard.  i'm resting. that was a difficult scene to play.  you must tell us, who has breached our security. who is outside of our door.. dearth nadir. i have never heard of him. he's the scourge of the universe. a heartless, powermad fiend, who hides behind an impenetrable mask.  he's badder than anyone. oh. oh, what shall we do. what can we do.  link's mommy wanted, on the bridge. a beeping noise is heard. he puts down the phone. the warning buzzer. he's at the other door. the other door opens, and a figure in black emerges, breathing heavily. uh, who, who  who are you behind that mask. ha. and well you might ask. piggy's fear changes to disgust. oh, good grief.  storm troopers. surround them. a group of helmetwearing chickens enters, and surrounds link. oh. my goodness, they look brutal. oh, you have got to be kidding. the chickens begin pecking the pigs. oh. oh help. oh. get them out of here. ha ha ha. that tickles. rowlf plays the piano. there is a lone shark from cincinnati who comes daily to his fishery. fish is what he eats. listen to this story. hold tight, hold tight hold tight, hold tight, fodododeyacka saki want some seafood, mama. shrimps and rice, they're very nice. hold tight, hold tight hold tight, hold tight, fodododeyacka saki want some seafood, mama. codfish in sauce, and then of course, i like oysters, lobsters too. i like my tasty bit of fish. when i come home from work at night, i get my favorite dish, fish. hold tight, hold tight hold tight, hold tight, fodododeyacka saki want some seafood, mama. shrimps and rice, they're very nice. a lobster joins rowlf at the piano. lew zealand emerges from the piano. hey, this is my kinda song. hee hee hee hee.  the shark catches the lobster. hold tight, hold tight hold tight, hold tight, fodododeyacka saki want some seafood, mama. shrimps and rice, they're very nice. rowlf plays. fodododeyacka saki, want some seafood, mama. codfish in sauce, and of course, i like kippers, mackerel too. and i like my tasty bit of fish. when i come home from work at night, i get my favorite dish, fish. hold tight, hold tight hold tight, hold tight, fodododeyacka saki want some seafood, mama. shrimps and rice very nice. another lobster hits the last note. the lobster bows, then is caught by the shark. crystal comes downstairs from her dressing room, encountering kermit with a paper bag over his head. is that you, kermit.  yes, ma'am. do you often wear a bag over your head. those dumb prairie dogs  they took away my collar. so. well, you wouldn't want me to go around naked, would you. well  no, it's a family show. it used to be.  hey. we can put something else around your neck.  we can find it yeah, well, my other collar's at the cleaners.  well, let's see  see what this does. she wraps a feather boa around his neck. well, i don't know, i feel kinda dumb. no, not at all. the prairie dogs gather around kermit, giggling. boy, do you look dumb. they all laugh and run away. kermit goes after them. come back here.  oh dear, i don't think i helped any.  sixty seconds got together and they decided to become a minute.  sixty minutes got together and they decided to become an hour.  twentyfour hours kept ticking away. and they all voted to call it a day. but darling, in a day, there wasn't time to say how much i love you.  seven days, they got together and decided to become a week.  as they grew and grew, then fiftytwo weeks decided to become a year  that's why sixty seconds every minute, sixty minutes every hour, every hour, every day, every day, every week, every week in every year, all i do is dream of you, my dear. tick. tock. tick. tock. tick. tock. tick. in her dressing room, piggy looks around frantically. kermit peers in, trying to conceal the feather boa he's wearing. did you want to see me, miss piggy. oh, yes, come in, kermie. oh. oh. can i talk to you from here. no, no, i want to show you something. now get in here.  see, i can explain about this outfit. oh, who cares about your silly costume. look at this. she points him to a mannequin pighead. see, see, my black wig that i wear for latin numbers  it's missing. oh. and my long lavender gloves, and my simulated pearls, and everything. it's all gone. uh, well, you see, i've gotta go out on stage and make an introduction. i'll explain to you later. he almost leaves, but she steps on his boa and knocks him over. you'll explain to me now. well, you see, we've got  on the show, we've got these prairie dogs. what. uh, yeah, aand they  the critters pop up wearing piggy's clothes. she shrieks. uh, guys, you're on stage in a second. now put all that stuff back. they throw her clothes all over the room. her black wig lands on her head. kermit exits. kermit. kermit. where are ya. what is this. what.  she gets the wig off, and scowls. main stage. a fanfare plays, and kermit peeks out from the curtain. um, uh, hi there. i thought i would just kinda peek out here and introduce our next act. uh, it is the barbershop harmonies of our own singing prairie dogs. uh, they're, they're really terrific, so hang on to your hats, and uh, you might also keep an eye on your wallets. ladies and gentlemen, the singing prairie dogs. the curtain opens to a barbershop setting. fozzie sits in the barber chair with a towel wrapped around his face, as the critters sing and steal things. the moon belongs to everyone. the best things in life are free. the stars belong to everyone. they gleam there for you and for me. the flowers in spring, the robins that sing, the sunbeams that shine, they're yours. they're mine. and love can come to everyone. the best things in life are free. the flowers in spring, the robins that sing, the sunbeams that shine, they're yours. they're mine. and love can come to everyone. the best things in life, the best things in life, the best things in life, are  they unravel fozzie's towel, revealing him in his police uniform. stop. i, bear on patrol, put you under arrest. wait, wait, wait, deputy bear, surely you're not arresting these cute little things here as common thieves. but, but i have witnesses. switch to the balcony  the bear's right. the prairie dogs are thieves. fozzie and link have just had their clothes have been snatched off. they fret, as the critters giggle. switch to the balcony. statler and waldorf chuckle. they stole their clothes right off their  they suddenly notice that they're in their long johns. the critters pop up and giggle. i'm dr. bunsen honeydew, this is muppet labs, and i'm tickled pink to announce our solution to the banana problem. beaker enters with a banana bunch, singing. as you know, once removed from the bunch, bananas cannot be reinserted. beaker tries it himself to no avail. this results in extra bananas lying around underfoot, where they can be hazardous to your health. beaker slips and falls. bunsen snickers. such problems disappear with our new electric banana sharpener. show them, beaker. beaker pulls a lever, then inserts a banana into the sharpener. it pops out on bunsen's end. ah. say goodbye forever to dull bananas. byebye. with this equipment, you can store bananas on any convenient vertical surface. he launches the pointed banana in beaker's direction, and it sticks to the wall, inches from his head. you can even store a whole bunch this way. sproing. he launches four more towards beaker. and that's all for today from muppet labs.  the curtain closes. uh, ladies and gentlemen, kermit's having what you might call costume problems tonight, so he's asked me to introduce our very special guest star again. is the scenery ready.  yeah, it's ready. ah. here she is again, miss crystal gayle. the curtain opens to reveal crystal on an old ship at night. she is surrounded by spirits, who dance around her and cackle as she sings "we must believe in magic". the stage. beauregard carries a wardrobe wall to conceal kermit as he moves across the stage. okay, well, we've just about come down to the end of another one, but... beauregard moves kermit offstage. beauregard. oops, sorry. beauregard places him at the center of the stage. okay, okay. beauregard runs offstage. well, we've just about come down to the end of another one, but before we go, let us have a warm thank you for our very special guest star, ladies and gentlemen, miss crystal gayle. yaaaay. crystal comes out and bows. thank you, kermit, for a lovely evening. oh, it's been our pleasure. incidentally, you can have your feather boa back. zip. a prairie dog snatches it. hey. will you come back with  aah. bring that thing back. he hides behind the wall, which is also snatched away.  we'll see you next time on the muppet show. as the credits roll, the critters tear off crystal's dress, and other muppets show up with their clothes snatched off. one of the critters has kermit's collar. the balcony: statler and waldorf are now wearing barrels. well, so much for the prairie dogs. yeah, now we gotta worry about termites. they chuckle. ) )