contents dressing room. scooter knocks on the door and enters wearing a tuxedo. phyllis george. phyllis george. fifteen seconds to curtain, phyllis. thank you, scooter. say, we've got a very special show planned for you tonight. you're gonna love it. are you sure about that. oh, i guarantee. it's exciting, suspenseful  is it funny.  the guarantee just ran out. phyllis laughs. it's the muppet show, with our very special guest star, phyllis george. yaaay. the curtain opens, and the theme begins.  why don't we all go home and read a book.. statler and waldorf chuckle. when gonzo blows his trumpet, a long, blue, furry arm wearing a boxing gloves punches him in the side of the head. main stage. kermit enters to applause. thank you, thank you, thank you, and welcome again to the muppet show. and as a very special treat, we have as our guest star the beautiful and talented miss phyllis george. that is the good news. now for the bad news we have a very dumb show planned for you tonight.  kermit. kermit. you can't tell the audience that tonight's show is dumb. don't worry about it, bear. yeah, we noticed years ago.  well, in any case, i am not going to stick around because i am going to turn this show over to our guest host, the wonderful miss phyllis george. yaaaaay. phyllis enters to applause. kermit. are you sure you want me to do this. uh, phyllis, the stage is all yours. i'm taking the night off.  bye, fozzie. that's okay, phyllis, i'll help you later.  okay. well, ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of the muppet academy of arts and sciences, welcome to the first annual muppet awards. the curtain opens to reveal a fancy backdrop with a podium. phyllis walks to the podium. what an exciting evening. the tension and excitement is unbelievable. backstage, the muppets are standing by, anxiously waiting to see who the winners will be. fozzie, sam, floyd, gonzo, piggy, scooter and camilla wait in the wings. you are losers. all losers. so now, to get things started, let's listen to the first of the numbers nominated for best song of the year.  how do you pronounce this. oh  "svrb, de plbt bnn". the back curtain opens. the swedish chef sings a mockswedish rendition of "yes, we have no bananas" in a grocery store with the singing food. i didn't understand a word of that. med brst n ld d frtr. huh. well, why didn't they say that in the first place.  the chef and the food come offstage. hey, who taught all the food to sing in swedish. oh, some meatball.  scooter goes onstage. i've been nominated for best unexplainable creature category. you don't suppose they give a humanitarian award, do you.  get out of here. meanwhile, kermit reads a book in his office. piggy shows up and embraces him. oh, kermie.. oh. oh, isn't this exciting. i hate award shows. awww  they're announcing the first award. oo. she drops kermit and runs off. kermit gets up, frowning. i really hate award shows. fozzie stands at the podium. oh, uh once again, your host for tonight's award show, miss phyllis george. phyllis comes out to applause. hello, phyllis. hi, fozzie. ahem. the first fred award is for best foreign act. here are the nominations. "fred". you called the award a fred.  yeah, we had to call it something and nobody was using "fred," so  may excuse me, may i see a fred please. uh, hahaha. he displays an old bowling trophy. phyllis giggles. it's a bowling trophy. fozzie shrugs. phyllis reads the trophy. "poughkeepsie barons, 1977 league champions". is this what you're going to   well, there's the nominations. you can just read them. hahahahaha. the first category is for the best foreign act. there are six nominations and they are:  the zucchini brothers. the zucchini brothers run on stage, hollering. they take the award and run off stage. you were just nominated. that's all.  i guess they won.  okay. moving right along. now the next category: best sketch award. the "pigs in space" theme music plays. where.  oh. there. pig alien. aww, why did they pick that one. i thought i was kinda cute in that one. you were the pits. if we are going to win a fred, we should do first mate piggy saves the day. i don't remember that one. well of course you do. it's where you become hysterical and i have to knock you out, like this   oof. and then i  i take over the controls  the door opens, and a pirate pig appears. aharg. i be cap'n blueboar. wait, you're not in this sketch. aren't we be doin' pig alien. no, no, no, we are doing first mate piggy saves the day. i don't remember that one. of course you do. link becomes hysterical, i have to knock him out  no, wait   oof.  and take over the controls. aargh, i remember. har har har har.  well, my favorite is strangepork takes up disco. disco music plays, and strangepork starts dancing. um  does anybody hit me in that one. no, linky. oh, good. then that's the one we'll do.  oh, brother. i don't believe this. come on, piggy. all boogie down. get on with the show. i'm gettin' out. the curtain closes.  uh, moving right along, with our exciting and entertaining award show    the show a certain frog said couldn't be done  shouldn't. i say it shouldn't be done. uh  here is the second nomination for best song, sung by miss phyllis george. the curtain opens. phyllis sings "carbon paper" as rowlf plays the piano. you put a piece of carbon paper under your heart and gave me just a copy of your love. each dove and pigeon'll know who got the original. darling, can't you see what you mean to me. oh, how you fooled me with those giggles winks and nudges. the love that you gave me was a duplicate with smudges. 'cause you put a piece of carbon paper under your heart and gave me just a second sheet of love. rowlf, it's about this song. yeah. what about it. well, it's a little weird. yeah, i'm sorry about that. i wanted a song that was very weird, but this was the best i could find.  just sing, phyllis. oh, how you fooled me with those giggles winks and nudges. the love that he gave you was a duplicate with smudges. 'cause you put a piece of carbon paper under your heart and gave me just a copy of gave you just a copy of gave me/you just a second sheet of love. applause.  hey, wake up. what'd you think of that last number. oh, that george phyllis is a wonderful singer. you mean phyllis george is a wonderful singer. they're both terrific. they chuckle. and now, the award for best performance by an inanimate object or a group of inanimate objects. the nominees are   the singing food. the singing food gathers around him.   the talking luggage. alligator suitcases gather around him.   and the dancing mountains.   are they here. if they were here, you'd know about it, kiddo. they all giggle. that's true. and the winner is    the dancing mountains. the food and luggage quickly run off stage as an earthquake begins. an instrumental of "the sound of music" plays. what's going on. the dancing mountains won. good grief. they're coming to accept.  aah. wait. stop. wait a minute. listen. scooter. hold it, excuse me, everybody, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute. that award will not be presented.  uh, we'll mail it out.  now what's next, scooter. oh, it's the award for the funniest comedy performance by a bear. uh  figures.  shh. shh. they are announcing my award. and now, the award for the funniest comedy performance by a bear. and the winner is  fozzie approaches the podium as a drumroll plays.  billy the bear. a fanfare plays. fozzie reacts in confusion as billy comes up to accept his award. oh, thank you, thank you, thank you. thank you. excuse me. excuse me. love ya. har har, guffaw, haha. hey, wonderful, wonderful  oof.  excuse me. i thought you was a rug.  ha. hey. is that your real face, or was your plastic surgeon crosseyed.  ahhh. aw, listen, no hard feelings. come on, have a cigar. no thank you, i  billy shoves a cigar in fozzie's mouth and lights it. bang. it explodes. billy laughs, then hits fozzie with a pie and exits. the canteen. the zucchini brothers pose for pictures. cheese.  thank you. louis kazagger approaches. oh louis. louis. louis kazagger. yes, thank you. i'm here today, talking to the zucchinis, who have, indeed, their award right here. ah, we win the award.  tell me, biondo, how does it feel, now that you've finally won something after all these years in show business. well, i'ma glada you aska me thata, louis. you see, we wina because we are the besta foreign act. yay. we the best. yay. and, because ita make usa feela good. yay. feel good. that's right, that's right. yes, well, tell me, weren't you worried about your competition, the nippon flippers, the swahili stompers, and the volga shoatmen. oh, he say "worried".  worry, we don't worry  no, no. we win and nobody ever gonna takea this award away from us. i see. well, we two stilts spring down and recline. another athlete snatches the trophy. it appears that the  hey. hey. hey. hey.  yes, the nippon flippers have indeed taken the award. bind, how does it feel now that someone's taken the award away from you.  oh, louis. we wasa robbed. this is an outrage. we gonna reporta this to u.n.. yeah, si. the two stilts spring down again, and two african masked figures snatch the award. now it appears that the  yes, i think  oh  the swahili stompers have got the award, and there seems to be some confusion about this category. two russian pigs run by, chased by the zucchinis and the flippers. now the volga shoatmen have the award. indeed  in fact, it's developing into a lively debate. luncheon counter monster snatches the award, then eats it. now there's someone new on the scene here. this one appears young and hungry  and indeed is up to his appearances. hey, you eata that  oh no. it's all gone.  and by the way, here at the theater, odds have riven a hundred to one that the peace prize will never be given. he is punched in the face. the scene ends in chaos. we now return to the podium, where phyllis stands. and now, i'd like to introduce rowlf, with another nominee for song of the year. i would also like to point out that the george mentioned in the song is not phyllis. i mean, wait till you hear this one. you thought the carbon paper song was strange.  rowlf sits at the piano and plays. i'd like to sing for you, now, a little song entitled, "you and i and george". i'm sure you've never heard of this song. matter of fact, "you and i and george" is one of the most unheardof songs of all time. in its only recording, "you and i and george" sold two copies. i bought one, and  george bought one. where were you. he plays an opening vamp, then sings. you and i and george were strolling  through the park one day. and then  you held my hand. as if to say  "i looooooove yooooou." we came to a brook. and george  fell in and drowned himself  and floated  out to sea leaving you  aloooone with meeeee. applause. link enters, to a fanfare. uh, miss george has asked me to announce the next category. the winner of the stunt of the year award is    the 500foot group plunge, recreated for us now by the falling alfonzos. acrobats begin falling from the ceiling, mostly landing on link. he hands the trophy to one of them. here is your award, sir. another one falls on him. phyllis watches from the wings with scooter and fozzie.  see why i asked him to announce it. fozzie runs up to the podium. oh, brother. uh   phew. and now, to read the list of the nominees for best guest star appearance on a muppet show, here is scooter. a picture of each guest star is shown as scooter sings to the tune of "i am the very model of a modern major general". there's john and liza, sly and bob, and elton j., who wasn't bad. raquel and steve and cheryl, alice, edgar b., he's charlie's dad. as well as candice, she was great and really earned her salary. so did twiggy, ethel, kaye, and peter, paul and valerie. there's crystal, victor, linda, dudley, helen, roy, and judy. there's milton, phyllis, cloris, james, loretta, spike, and rudy. there's elke, liberace, lynn, and harry, avery, cleo, lou. teresa, jaye p., gilda, rich, don, jean, bruce, pearl, and leo too.  there's lena, harvey, juliet, dyan, and if i get a chance, i'll try to find a place where i can also mention mummenschanz. along with roy and dale, petula, andy, phyllis, rita, dom, and nance, and sandy, arlo, joel, and george. and florence, dizzy, julie, anne, lorene and bob, and peter. and connie, kenny, bernadette, marisa, kris and rita. madeline, and seor wences, lola, charles, and beverly. this list is getting much too long so i'll just end it cleverly. leslie, lesley ann, and john, and danny, he's my hero. roger, ruth, jim, vincent, ben, and last not least is zero. applause. thank you very much, scooter. and the winner is    the winner is me, phyllis george. thank you, everyone. of course phyllis george won. no one else is here.  none of the others would be dumb enough to come back.  this award will certainly sit in a place of honor.   what do i do now.  here. oh, thank you.  for a second there, i was overcome by the thrill of victory.  next, we have the second nomination for the best sketch, veterinarian's hospital. and now, veterinarian's hospital, the continuing stoooory of a quack who's gone to the dogs.  i'd like to thank the members of the academy  dr. bob  what are you doing. i'm practicing my acceptance speech. ha ha ha ha. but we haven't won yet. no, we have to do the sketch first. we do. well, i might as well forget this.  wait we can still win. yeah, but we've got real tough competition. i was afraid of that. what's our competition. pigs in space. i'd like to thank the members of the academy  dr. bob. i was the star of pigs in space. ahem.  also my producer, my director  can it, bob. nurse piggy, you're in both sketches. you can't lose. gee. you're right.  eh. not much point in going on.  and so we come to the end of another veterinarian's hospital. tune in next week, when you'll hear nurse piggy say  aw, knock it off. let's get to the award. they follow her offstage. back to the podium, and phyllis, giggling at the previous sketch. well, there you have it. the last of the nominees for best sketch of the year. piggy rushes to the wings, now wearing a shiny gown.  oh. oh. floyd, how do i look. um  nervous, piggy. of course not, floyd. i am in both nominated sketches. there is no way for moi to lose.  and the winner is    the judges have chosen not to award a fred in this category. what...  whaddya mean, i lost. i'll cut ya in two, phyllis george. wait a minute. it's not me. i didn't decide. wha, well, who did. well, the blue ribbon panel of judges. don't tell me judges. who are they. what names shall we carve on their tombstones. miss piggy, don't you think you'd better go backstage and get ready for the next category. no. why should i. well, it's the big one. performer of the year, and you're nominated.   moi. ah, performer of the year, yes, of course, phyllis my sweet. i shall go get ready.  kissykissy, judges.   isn't she cute. piggy rushes backstage, grabbing kermit. oh, kermie. kermie. kermie. come with me, kermie. oh, come on. the big award is about to be given. yeah, bubububut piggy, uh, listen, piggy, you know, these awards don't mean anything to me. but  kermie. but  i want you next to me when i win. but piggy, who's your competition. oh, kermie, you old silly. what competition. a fanfare plays. well, ladies and gentlemen, there's only one fred left. and it belongs to that person our blue ribbon panel has voted to be  performer of the year.  the nominees are  miss piggy. piggy rushes to the podium, bowing to the applause. oh. oh, thank you. thank you. kissykissy. thank you all. mwah.  and  kermit the frog. what. applause. oh  wow, really. he runs to the podium, where he and piggy writhe in anticipation as phyllis talks. so at last, we come to the moment we've all been waiting for. the most important award of the evening, the winner of performer of the year. and that winner is    the winner is, kermit the frog. applause. the muppet show theme plays. kermit is overjoyed, while piggy is frozen in shock. wha  oh wow. oh, really. oh, excuse me, piggy, pardon me. oh, wow. heh heh. uh, uh, thank you. thank you. ii'm so surprised, i never thought i'd be up here, uh, accepting this, uh  uh, coveted fred. uh, thank you from the bottom of my heart, i'm really touched. wait, wait, hold, hold  uh, uh, ladies and gentlemen, in this, my hour of triumph, i would especially like to thank miss piggy. uh, thank you, my dear.  aw, i can't even hit him. phyllis takes center stage as music swells up. and so we come to the end of our first annual fred award show, ladies and gentlemen. thank you very much.  it really has been an evening that proves the truth of that old song, ladies and gentlemen   there's no business like show business like no business i know. the other muppets join them. everything about it is appealing. everything that traffic will allow. nowhere could you get that happy feeling, when you are stealing that extra bow. angle on the balcony, where statler and waldorf sing with enthusiasm. there's no people like show people. they smile when they are low. angle on the chickens and a pepper, dancing in the wings. even with a turkey that you know will fold, you may be stranded out in the cold. back to center stage. still you wouldn't change it for a sack of gold. let's go on with the show. applause. the muppets hum as kermit speaks. uh, well, this whole show turned out a lot better than i thought it would. but before go, let us thank our wonderful guest star, ladies and gentlemen, phyllis george. yaaaay. well, kermit, i can tell you one thing. i love you guys so much, and this has been the best award show ever. i mean, look, everyone got an award.  not everyone, george. take it easy, piggy. uh, uh, the voting was done by our special panel of blue ribbon judges. who are they. who are these judges. let's see 'em. uh, send in the judges. two rats emerge, wearing blue ribbons. rats... i'm not good enough for rats... uh  uh, we'll see you next time on the muppet show. the credits roll as the theme plays. piggy storms off stage, and kermit brings her back. a rat. rat. phyllis is handed several bouquets of flowers. here, please hold my award for me.  no. go away. uh, phyllis. it's a great show. really wonderful.  get away from me. you did such a nice job.  piggy.  i can't believe those rats were responsible for this show. why not. they were also responsible for the bubonic plague. they chuckle. ) )