contents the dressing room. scooter knocks and peers in. liza minelli. fifteen seconds to curtain, liza.  oh, thank you, scooter. scooter suddenly starts gasping and stumbles toward the table, revealing a dagger in his back. he collapses on the table. scooter... that was a great rehearsal.  ya' think so. yeah, let's do the show. okay.  it's the muppet show, with our very special guest star, liza minelli. yaaay. the curtain opens, and the theme begins.  run for your lives. this show is murder.  gonzo plays a frilly fanfare. that's my new, hit single.  kermit enters to applause. thank you, thank you, thank you and welcome again to the muppet show. our guest star tonight is one of the few ladies on earth who deserve the title "super star," ms. liza minelli. and on top of that, we're going to do a very different show tonight. matter of fact, it's so different, i have to go backstage and get ready for it. uh, scooter. would you come in and take over for me. scooter enters, gasping for breath, still with the knife in his back. he falls over. uh, scooter.  would you stop rehearsing. it's time to start the play. oh, yeah. sorry, chief.  ladies and gentlemen, the muppet players hereby present an evening of intrigue and mystery. let the murders begin... the curtains open on an empty, new york city office at night. kermit narrates as he approaches his office, kermit the frog private investigator. he matches his eye with the mark on the door as he enters.  it was wednesday evening in july. somewhere in the city, a lonely trumpet was playing. it was the kind of a new york summer night when you expect to see lily pads growing on broadway. i was just stopping by the office for a quick root beer and browse through the paper work 'cause i had just finished a missing pollywog case. being a private eye isn't much of a job if you like class, which is why visitor surprised me. the door knocks. come in. liza oshaughnessy, played by minelli, enters the office, dressed very elegantly. excuse me. but, are you kermit the private eye. just like it says on the door, sweetheart. oh, good. oh, i'm liza oshaughnessy, the actress. perhaps you've heard of me. i know the face from the papers and the name from the marquee, toots. opening a show at the roxy tomorrow, right. yes.  no, i... aw, that's just it, i don't know. you have no idea, you have no idea what...what a living nightmare i've been through. the dread, the terror. try to relax, cute stuff. sit down and tell me about it. okay.  well, i got to my dressing room this morning and i found this note. uh, "close down the show. if you try to open, you will all die." where'd you find it. oh, it was ghastly. it was pinned to my dresser. so, what's so ghastly.  well, it was pinned with this and my dresser's name was gladys. uh, it is all starting to get ghastly.  but, don't worry, sweet lips. i can handle it. oh, i'm sure you can, mr. frog. i place myself entirely in your... in your flippers.  dissolve to the majestic theatre, where the muppet cast rehearsals and mills around setting up. rowlf plays piano as miss piggy practices her scales.  uh, listen. who put the lights over here. where do you want the scenery.  the majestic theatre looked like any theater the day before opening. while liza went to change for rehearsal, i just hung around backstage, trying not to be conspicuous. kermit bumps into a box covered with props, knocking it over with a crash. this attracts the attention of director fritz, played by julius strangepork. quiet... quiet. who let that frog in here.. kermit exits, sheepish. okay.  let down the white drapes. we're gonna rehearse the first act finale, liza's number. kermit waits in the wings, where beauregard yells from. ms. oshaughnessy's not quite ready yet, fritz. okay. ve'll do vith her undershtudy then.  fritz.  i will not walk through some dumb rehearsal. you promised me i would star in this turkey. scooter has joined kermit and beauregard in the wings.  uh, let me get this straight, she is liza oshaughnessy's understudy. oh, uh, they're not exactly the same type. they're not exactly the same species. liza enters, makeup kit in hand. fri...oh, excuse me, miss..uh...uh...dear. piggy laughs sarcastically and storms off. fritz, darling, i'm ready for rehearsal. oh, good. now, remember this is your big moment. here, i vant the shpark. the moment of magic, the raw, unbridled passion. you know vhat i vant. yeah smile and show my legs.  there goes a pro. okay, everybody ready. it's all yours, liza. curtain. liza and the muppets perform an elaborate production number, "copacabana." backstage, the muppet cast applauds as liza enters the room and taps zoot on the shoulder. yeah. zoot. yeah. what'cha think. oh, you were fanscadiddlyboptastic. oh, i'm so glad you liked it. oh, you're too good to be a person. you shoulda been a saxophone. does that mean i'm your... sax symbol.  whatever.  a vonderful rehearsal. oh, vonderful, ms. oshaughnessy. okay, everybody take three. kermit approaches fritz as the cast disperses. uh, "take three." uh, fritz, you run a tight ship. i repeat who let this frog in here.. a hand peers out from behind a plant and fires a gun toward fritz.  oink.  uh, i'm afraid he's... fritz regains life briefly, only to moan some more and drop dead on the floor. he's dead.  oooo, like, now the show will never go on. gonzo rushes in. music starts as he speaks and a small crowd gathers. what are you people saying.. fritz was a man of the theatre. he died trying to turn the greasepaint and tinsel into magic. why, this show could be his final tribute. fritz would've wanted it this way. gonzo proceeds to sing a verse of "great day." c'mon, onstage everybody. oop, don't step on fritz. the cast make their way to the stage, dressed as angels in heaven. gonzo, as gabriel, blows his horn as the cast sings the rest of the song and fritz rises to the world above. kermit watches from backstage, shaking his head as the cast returns from the stage.  i'll never understand show people. a murder is committed and they go out and sing. and to make things worse, the police assigned patrolman bear to the case. patrolman bear reporting for duty, sir. i thought you were on slug detail at the laundromat.  uh, sir. i am going to ask these people some questions. okay, just be subtle.  gotcha. all right, which one of you killed the director..  not me. well, they're all in the clear, sir. kermit grimaces as scooter hops in. they're lying. they all hated him. huh. what do you mean. miss piggy hated him because he made her the understudy. she thought she should've been the star. the band hated him because they hadn't been payed for three weeks. hey, you seem to know a lot about these people, kid. do you know which one is the killer. i sure do. you do.. whahawhawho.. the murderer is scooter begins gagging and collapses on the table, a knife stuck in his back. oh. he's dead.  when you're down and out  oh, shut up.  kermit. kermit approaches liza, standing outside her dressing room door. kermit, c'mere. kermit, the murderer is in that dressing room. all i saw was a hand throw a knife. ooo, it was awful. well, that may be just the clue we need, sweetheart. i'm gonna go in there and catch us a murderer. kermit... hmm. be careful. haha. he hops off, as liza reacts shocked to the camera. kermit enters the darkened dressing room, as an eerie score plays. he shuts the door and checks the surroundings.  though i've done it many times before in my line of work, whenever i enter a darkened room, i still get chills... kermit trips over an object and falls down. he rises, grimacing.  ...and a few contusions. and it's not only the darkness that's scary there's that weird music they always play. but, there's one thing about darkness although i can't see my enemy, my enemy can't see me. kermit gasps as he's caught in the beam of a flashlight. unless he's got a flashlight. a sledgehammer knocks him out. dr. teeth and the electric mayhem are assembled on the bare stage. like, wow. is there rully any point in rehearsing this. aw, c'mon, mama. you know what they say they show must go on. go on. go on. yeah, but it's rull hard to go on if we're all dead. dead. dead. oooo, please. i'd rather rehearse than listen to that. good. here's the singing group. let's run this little beauty. hmm. okay. hit it, animal. a quartet of dogs enter and sing "pass that piece pipe." as they near the end of the song, the murderer sends tomahawks and arrows toward them, killing them off one by one. animal laughs, when a hatchet is thrown into his head.  me alive. fine. liza enters the darkened dressing room. she turns on the lights and finds kermit, laying unconscious on the table. she rushes to his aid and takes him in her arms. kermit. kermit. oh, kermit, my poor fallen frog. speak to me, say something.  is that you, ms. oshaughnessy. oh, kermit. thank goodness you're all right. oh, you scared me to death.  come over here. for a minute, i thought you'd croaked. wewell, i tried to, but i was too weak. no, somebody slugged me. they did. mmhmm.  oh, they did indeed. my goodness, you've got a nasty bump back here. let me rub it. does it hurt.  uh, just when you rub it. oh, i'm sorry. oh, liza. ya' know, ii'm not getting anywhere with your case. maybe you should get somebody else. wait a minute. what are you talkin' about, kermit. i don't want anybody else, i want you you're my main frog. yeah, but ii thought i'd have it solved by now. ii thought i'd be a big hero and there'd be triumphant celebration and all. hold it. wait a minute. hmm. listen to me. i wanna tell you something. when you solve this case mmhmm. and you're going to solve it yeah. you'll be so happy, you won't...well, you won't need any celebration. you won't need anything. huh. no, no. come here and listen.  what. liza sings "a quiet thing" to kermit, who eventually joins in. as they draw to a close, they check their surroundings for the murder, then finish the song. suddenly, a corpse, with a knife in his back, falls out of the closet.  nobody listens to lyrics anymore. the scene dissolves to the canteen, where patrol bear continues his investigation amid other muppets, penguins and chickens.  meanwhile, down in the canteen...  all right, do you have an alibi. i have a halibut. no, no, an alibi. you know, somebody who can say where you were. yeah, a halibut.  he was with me all day.  ah. poison.  this man was murdered to shut him up. no he wasn't. he choked on a fish bone. but, he yelled, "poison." which i believe is the french word for "fish." bunsen begins to choke as well and dies. beaker and the rest of the patrons keel over as well. wait. it must be the food. no, no, no. is a gooda soupa. the swedish chef takes a taste of the food, shouts in disgust and falls over into the dishes. kermit.  gonzo swoops in, still in costume.  when you're down and out pick up... i know, "shut up." kermit and liza approach the stage together. okay. what. now, now you got the plan. yes, i've got the plan. but, kermit, how can you be certain this is gonna work. you gotta trust me, kid. yeah... now, you know what to do. of course smile and show my legs. no, no, no, that was the other guy. oh, yeah. oh, yeah, sorry. yeah, yeah. right, right. yes, trust me. i know what to do. okay, okay. here we go.  you just take a seat over there. kermit has gathered the remaining cast members on the stage. liza sits on a nearby stool. uh, uh, boys and girls. uh, ladies and gentlemen.  kermit.  uh, uh, fozzie...fozzie, don't worry. just sit down. all will be revealed. yes, sir. uh, now, you may be wondering why i've called you all together. well, the fact is ms. oshaughnessy has discovered the identity of the murder.  yes, it's true. it's a secret though, i haven't even told kermit. i know who committed these dastardly, coldblooded, heinous crimes, these murders. i herby accuse the lights suddenly go out. piggy and the others scream as gunfire is heard. what happened.. hey. somebody turn on the lights. the lights come back on, revealing liza with a knife in her chest. oh no, it's liza. oh, my nerves. liza hammily stumbles around the set, moaning in pain, as the piano plays "copacabana." she eventually grabs some flowers and falls onto a table.  kermit. kermit, the final curtain has fallen. i've played my last role. good night, sweet prince. hello, death. uh, uh, somebody call a doctor. too late, green buddy. give my regards to broadway. remember me to...to... herald square. no, forget him. herald's really square. mmm, buhbye.  statler and waldorf rush onto the stage. oh no, not liza. we love liza. yeah, we didn't mean to bump her off. no, just the rest of you guys.  liza gets up from the table, haven faked her death. ahha. i knew it. scratch a critic and you get an assassin. thenthen your death scene was a trick.. well, after all, darling, i mean i am an actress. bravo. bravo. yeah, best performance we've seen on this show in years.  okay, fozzie, take 'em away. yes, sir. alright, here we go.  and throw the book at 'em. okay, sir.  oh, kermit, congratulations. you did it. well, we did it. ...yeah. uh, then i guess that's, i guess that's the end. oh, oh, no, kermit. thathat's not the end. this is the end.  hit it. liza begins singing "everything's coming up roses" as a garden set rolls in. the rest of the muppet players join in as the song builds to a close. kermit, still in costume, comes onto the closing number set. okay, well, it's been a great show for us andbut before we go, i'd like to say what an honor it's been for this little, green frog to work with ms. liza minelli. yaaay. liza walks through the set and bows, then approaches kermit. oh, kermit, thank you so much. i can't tell you what a thrill it's been being on your show tonight. oh, that's nice. and you know something else. i've always wanted to do a, you know, like, a murder mystery like we did.  oh, by the way, can i keep this, uh, trick knife as a souvenir. a trick knife. yeah, it'sit's only a prop, see. liza plunges the knife into kermit's chest. he screams in pain, as the other muppets rush in. ah, kermit. what'cha do.. hit the frog. i was only kidding.  we'll see you next time on the muppet show. oh, stab me. stab me. the closing theme begins. statler and waldorf are seen in striped jumpsuits, their theater box turned into a jail cell. how long are we here for. twenty years. if i'd know that judge was givin' us the box, i'd have asked for the chair.  ) )