contents the dressing room. scooter knocks and peers in. angus mcgonagle. fifteen seconds to curtain, mr. mcgonagle. yes sirrre, scooter, little buddy, i'm rrraring to go. a whooshing noise is heard. luke skywaler busts through the wall, followed by c3po and r2d2. wow, look. it's luke skywalker and c3po...and r2d2 from star wars. aw, they'd make much better guests than mr. mcgonagle. you're gonna have to leave. scooter begins pushing angus out of the dressing room door. sorry, c'mon, let's go. what. just a minute, youngster. excuse me, master luke. but, what is this strange world we've come to. beats me, 3po. seems we've landed on some sort of...comedyvariety show planet.  it's the muppet show, with our very special guest stars, the stars of star wars. yaaay. the curtain opens, and the theme begins. a lamb sits in statler's seat. you're looking a little sheepish.  a duck appears in the "o" and bites gonzo's nose. kermit enters to applause. hi ho, hi ho, and welcome again to the muppet show, and a very special show we have for you tonight because...until about two minutes ago, our guest was scheduled to be angus mcgonagle the argyle gargoyle. but, we have canceled him. angus appears behind kermit. dadgummit, this is an outrrrage. i demand my spot.  well, uh, uh, listen. uh, uh, i don't even know what an argyle gargoyle does. i garrrgle gerrrshwin.  the argyle gargoyle gargles gershwin. gorrrgeously.  will you get off the stage.. off, off, off. oh. arrrr. ooo. uh, uh, nownow that angus has been canceled because, believe it or not, with us tonight are none other than the stars of star wars featuring special guest mark hamill. but first, in keeping with the mood of the show, let us go where sheep may graze, shall we. a shepherd sings "rama lama ding dong" to his shepherdess, backed up by their flock of sheep. boo, boo. a lamb joins them in their box. baa, baa. humbug, humbug.  the shepherdess leads three lambs offstage. okay, nice flocking, guys. uh, say, aren't there more of you. oh, we don't know. why not. well, every time we try to count ourselves, we fall asleep.  hahaha...yeah. the sheep mosey on out as c3po and r2d2 approach kermit's desk. oh, mr. kermit, sir. may i say what an honor it is to make the acquaintance of such a distinguished...amphibian as yourself, who has given so much joy to the universe. oh, wow. well, iit's a real pleasure to meet both of you, uh, anand incidentally, why are you fellas here. we are searching for chewbacca. oh, chewbacca the wookie. correct.  as r2 rightly says, he's been kidnapped.  kidnapped.. well, wwhy are you looking around here. we received this hyperspace telegram from him. what. uh, uh,  "to luke skywaler, c3po and r2d2, help, i'm being held prisoner by a bunch of weird turkeys." it does rather sound like your show.  yeah, it does. whoosh. luke swings open the stage doors and rushes up the stairs. remember alderann. i'll search upstairs. 3po, you cover that exit. luke runs up the next flight of stairs. what shall i cover it in.. down with the empire. luke kicks open the dressing room door and charges inside. ...uh, uh, what was that. that was my master, luke skywalker. i'll try to calm him down, but you know how strangely excitable these humans are. yes, they're a strange race all right. c3po and kermit nod in agreement. and now, a muppet news flash. here are the results of today's national sheepdog trials...all the sheepdogs have been found "not guilty." some sheep rush in and start butting the newsman. scooter sits in a bedroom set, practicing playing "six string orchestra" on guitar. i'm practicing for my big number in the second part of the show. i hope they love it. a lamb appears at his window. baaa, baaa. humbug, humbug. ...everybody's a critic.  luke, r2d2 and c3po enter from the stage. oh, hey. did you guys find chewbacca. not yet, but he's gotta be around here somewhere. oh, well, ya' know, as long as the three of you are here, how 'bout you go out onstage and do a song for us. what. you must be joking.  oh, look. your little garbage can friend wants to. oh, stop it, r2.  don't be so vulgar. you're not a song and dance droid. oh, come along. our job is to find the wookie. the droids leave. listen, pal. we're on a mission. there's no way we're gonna be involved in any thirdrate variety show. ...secondrate variety show... fozzie enters the room and stops luke from leaving. hey, kermit...hold it, hold it. you're...you're mark hamill. who me. yes. huh.. uh...no, no, no...uh...he's my cousin. that's it. he's my cousin and he's right outside. weloh. go get him. hurry, hurry. i want to see him. run. oh boy, oh boy. luke darts down the staircase and exits through the stage doors. i'm a big fan of his. mark hamill comes through the doors into the backstage. the crowd applauds and mark waves back. hiya, fozzie. oh, wow. hey, you know what. you could be the guest on this very show. right, kermit.  oh, well, uh, maybe. uh, what do you do, mark.  oh, uh, well, you know. i've been known to do impressions. yaaay.  hmmmm. who do you do. oh, well, i just love impressions. ahhhh.  oh, i just love doin' 'em. ahhhh. terrific. who do you do.  maybe i'd just better sing. oh, boy. yeah, yeah, yeah. they all move to the piano, as mark begins to play "be my love" on piano.  be my love for only you can end this yearning...  okay. uh...uh, wewell, mark. actually, we have enough singers on the show. yeah, yeah. ...i know. how about a dancing comedian. hit it, fozzie. yes, sir. mark grabs a hat and cane and does a brief dance as fozzie plays a showtune on piano. mark clicks his heals and turns to the crowd. hey. did'cha hear about the scientist who crossed a toad with a saxophone.. he got a froghorn. mark spins around to a cymbal crash and poses for kermit. he puts his arms down as he realizes kermit's unimpressed. ...you look sorta green. well, uh, i don't know exactly how to put this, mark, but, uh, what else do you do. ...i gargle gershwin. mark, i know exactly how to put this...get out. outta the theater. we don't need you. thank you very much anyhow. and don't call us, we'll call you. mark scurries out of the theater through the stage doors. ...i didn't get his autograph. luke skywalker charges back in. all right, nobody leave.  unless you wanna go through life as a rug. ahhh. fozzie and luke run in opposite directions. mark comes back in through the doors, watching where luke has gone. oh, boy. isn't that luke skywalker terrific. angus mcgonagle steps onto the vacant stage. oh, the stage is empty. my chance at last.  hit it, boys. the band begins playing "summertime" as angus gargles the song. mark hamill enters behind him, shushes the audience and begins gargling along with him. kermit shakes his head, watching from the wings. animal passes by behind. animal. animal, sick 'em. ahhh.  animal charges onstage and frightens the two away, then laughs to the crowd. an eel sings "three little fishies," acted out by a trio of fish, their mother and a shark. uh, well, folks. our own scooter has prepared an act for us. uh, he can't play very well, but he's worked very hard on this, and after listening to mark and angus gershwin gargling, anything should sound good. but, anyhow, so, let's give a big welcome to scooter singing "six string orchestra." yaaay.  in his bedroom, scooter sings "six string orchestra." he receives some initial backup from apparitions of floyd, janice, animal and zoot. they join in again as he envisions himself in concert, with a crowd of screaming fans. aw, someday i'm gonna be a star. scooter and the band pass through from the stage. okay, let's see...next we have, uh...  uncle kermit, uncle kermit. oh, just one second, robin. one thing at a time. that's how i'm able to put on this show without falling into a panic. next, we have, uh...  pigs in space. pigs in space next, please.  uh, now what was it. well, i was trying to tell ya' the star wars people have hijacked the swinetrek.  they've hijacked the...they've hijacked the swinetrek..  kermit runs onstage and crashes into something. ...well...at least he didn't panic. the bridge under the control of luke and the droids. the control panel is covered with snack debris. the last time we saw the spaceship swinetrek, we hoped it would be the last time. but, it's back. 3po, activate the navicomputer. c3po pushes a button and recoils in disgust. eugh. i'm not awfully keen on this spaceship, master luke. it's so messy. cakes, halfeaten sandwiches... oh, will you stop. you don't hear r2 complaining, do you.  yes i do. he just said it's like a pigsty. link hogthrob enters the bridge. hey, what's going on here.. i'm captain link hogthrob and this is my spaceship. hm. that explains everything. hm. why don't you let me explain. i'm luke skywalker. my friends and i have just borrowed your spaceship so we can rescue our friend, chewbacca the wookie. hm. the other set of doors open. first mate piggy is about to enter, when she notices who's on board. ooo, it's luke skywalker. woo, one of the heavenly bodies. i'll, uh, change. ahhmm.  now, is there anything else you'd like to know. yes, i have one very important question i'd like to ask you. what's that. who's your tailor. i love that outfit. dr. julius strangepork enters the scene. link. link, what's happening. i'll explain later. right now, i'm talking to luke. luke. uh, now, perhaps if i give you my measurements... hey, vait a minute. vait a minute here. hey. who are you. i am c3po and that is r2d2.  i'm dr. strangepok. oh my, and i thought our names were weird.  hey. oh boy, hot diggity dog, son of a gun. oh boy. oh, look at that. hey, could i play vith your toy robot. he's not a toy robot. he's a scientificallyprogrammed droid and he's not to play with. aw, come on. let me just push one button. don't be disgusting. strangepork pushes a button on r2d2, who shocks strangepork into c3po's arms. whoa. well, i did warn you. now, you've got my jacket size.  mmhmm. fortyfour long. mmhmmm. and your head size... fortytwo thick. hm. piggy reappears, dressed as princess leia. luke. oh. luke. luuuke. luuuke. ooh, it is i, the princess. princess. yes, yes. i have just escaped from an evil fiend who held me prisoner.  well, the evil fiend must feed his prisoners well. ...what. well, uh, what i mean is, it looks like you've put on, uh... uh, hmm. psst. luke leans his ear toward piggy. look, skywalker. go along with this or i'll cut ya' in half.  ...look, it's the princess. ah ha ha. huh. doesn't look like the princess to me. watch it, hardware.  master luke. we're about to make a landing. and look who's there. a mysterious figure appears in the window of the swinetrek. the sky turns red, revealing the fiend.  oh no. dirth nader. ...who. stay tuned for part two, when the swinetrek lands on koozebane and we learn the true identity of this arch fiend. dirth nader turns, revealing his gonzo noseshaped mask.  the world will never know. here's a bulletin from the muppet newsroom. the spaceship swinetrek is about to make a soft landing on a distant planet. in other planetary news, venus is about to make a hard landing on the muppet newsroom...that doesn't make sense. the venus de milo statue topples over onto the desk. the scene opens on koozebane. when last we left our intrepid band, the spaceship swinetrek was about to make a soft landing. thud. the cast hobble onto the planet. you call that a soft landing.. i sprained my cellenoids. uh, well, you were in the driver's chair. you forgot to push the stopything. ...that's called a "break," dummy. excuse me, master luke. but, shouldn't we be looking for a safe refuge on this planet. exactly right, 3po.  i know. we can hide in that cave over there. ah, a good plan. dramatic sting. dirth nader appears at the cave entrance and laughs evilly. it's, it's...dirth nader. ohhh. this is dirth nader. yes, isn't he just icky..  well, what do you want of us, nader. dirth nader slowly marches toward luke. well, why don't you say something.. speak. ...who's your tailor. i love that outfit. alright, nader. take this.  luke whips out his blaster, but can't get it to fire.  at last, you know the awful truth. this here, my dear friend, is a kryptoanagontransmitter. it can totally neutralize any blaster.  this means we must resort to the ultimate weapon. piggy and c3po gasp. and hoiteytoitey, what, pray tell, might that be. chewbacca the wookie. luke points to behind the mountain, where chewbacca emerges, beating his chest and growling. the crew cheers as chewbacca apprehends dirth nader. oh, help. chewbacca has escaped. woah. the jig is up. nothing can stop good, old chewie. hmm. one thing can.  what's that. angus mcgonagle the gargling gargyle gargoyle. angus enters, gargling "summertime." chewbacca covers his ears in pain. terrible. trapped by dirth nader, our weapons useless and now, we're being tortured by gargling gershwin. oh. what could possibly get us out of this.. kermit rushes in. what else. a song and dance number. "you are my lucky star" begins to play as the skies brighten up. two koozebanians appear in the landscape as the muppets begin to sing and dance. the star wars crew looks on in confusion and disgust, eventually leaving. you are my lucky star i saw you from afar you opened heaven's portals here on earth, for us port mortals you are my lucky star okay, that's the "song" part. now, comes the dance. take it, chewie and r2. chewbacca and r2 dance around, as the band plays "when you wish upon a star." the koozebanians watch in delight and dance too. c3po, you're next. i certainly don't dance. oh, but, this is our big ending. oh, all right. c3po does a brief, softshoe routine. lucky i once saw a fred astaire film. okay, that was really wonderful. okay, luke, you're next. not me, i'll go get my cousin. huh. luke leaves as kermit and c3po take in unison. mark slides onstage in a tuxedo and straw hat, singing "when you wish upon a star." fate is kind she brings to those who love the sweet fulfillment of their secret longing the muppets all cross arms in a line. as everyone sings the finale, cinderella's castle rises in the background and fireworks go off. when you wish upon a star makes no different who you are when you wish upon a star your dreams come true.  kermit enters on the koozebane set. okay, well, it's been a wonderful show, ladies and gentlemen. but, before we go, let us bring out the stars of star wars, and here they are, chewbacca the wookie. chewbacca comes and takes a bow. and r2d2. r2d2 rolls out and whirls around. c3po, ladies and gentlemen. c3po comes and cows. and of course, luke skywalker. whoo. luke comes out and nods to the audience. thank you, kermit. but, uh, don't you think we aughta introduce my cousin. uh, sure. uh, you want to, uh, uh, uh, go out and, uh, send him in. that won't be necessary. ladies and gentlemen, mark hamill. luke steps aside and mark comes onstage, nodding to the applauding crowd. thanks for having us, kermit. that goes double. ...it certainly does. say, luke. who's your tailor. i love that outfit. luke rolls his eyes and leaves. uh, uh. well, ladies and gentlemen, i guess that, uh, wraps it up. we'll see you next time on the muppet show. the cast gathers around mark as the closing theme plays. you think there's life in outer space. there's certainly none in this theater.  ) )