contents kermit appears in the show's o. it's the muppet show, with our special guest star, mr. paul williams. the banner rises, and the theme begins. it's time to play the music it's time to light the lights it's time to meet the muppets on the muppet show tonight. it's time to put on makeup it's time to dress up right it's time to raise the curtain on the muppet show tonight. the curtain opens on fozzie. new york is so crowded, even the cemeteries have standing room only. he takes off his hat and wiggles his ears. the audience laughs. the curtain closes. to introduce our guest star, that's what i'm here to do. so it really makes me happy to introduce to you  mr. paul williams. paul grins and nods as muppets surround him. but now let's get things started on the most sensational, inspirational celebrational, muppetational this is what we call the muppet show. when gonzo strikes the o, the effect reverberates through him. main stage. kermit enters to applause. thank you, thank you, thank you. hiho, good friends. hey, we got a great show for you tonight. our special guest is mr. paul williams, singer, composer, actor and allaround good guy, and we're not gonna do any jokes about his size. but, he's such a cute little fella, we're gonna make him an honorary muppet.  but right now, let's get things started with a musical number done up in a brandnew way, "all of me". the curtain opens on a sad whatnot monster singing to miss kitty, taking himself apart and putting each part in a box. all of me. why not take all of me. can't you see. i'm no good without you. take my lips. i want to lose them. take my arms. i'll never use them. your goodbye  left me with eyes that cry  here, take them, too. how can i  go on, dear, without you. you took the part that once was my heart, so why not take all of me. he continues to dismantle himself. hey. you want my hair. well, hair it is.  hey, you need a nose. guaranteed not to run.  friends, romans and countrymen    here.  you want to put my chest in your chest.  here  here, let me give you a hand. big finish. you took the part that once was my heart, so, why not take, why not take, why not take all of me. he throws his hand into the chest  that's all of him. miss kitty closes the chest and laughs. miss kitty walks past fozzie with the chest and cackles. fozzie reads from a paper. uh  "hark. i hear the cannons roar." no, "hark, the cannons r" ugh. enter scooter. hi, fozz, what's wrong. you look worried. uh, well see, it's my new act. i hope it works. oh, come on, you're the greatest. yeah. yeah, you're always good. besides, you're on soon. now is no time to panic. oh, well, see, i got ten minutes of jokes here on the war of 1812. now is the time to panic.  listen, if you're really in trouble, why don't you just use the old telephone pole bit. "the old telephone pole bit." oh, yeah, it's the best. well, i don't know it. how does it . it's a classic. it's a classic. yeah. oh. oh. terrific. i can use it. tell me, what is it, what is it, what is it. okay, okay. the curtains open  the curtains open. the audience is there  the audience is there. there we are together, on stage. you and i  there we are together  hold it. ho, ho, ho, ho, ho  "we." well, yeah. no, you don't understand. you see, i am a standup bear. uhhuh. yeah, yeah. see, i i work alone. i tell the jokes on stage alone. haha, no, you don't tell jokes in the telephone pole bit. why not. well, you're the telephone pole.  cute. cute idea.  we'll see. ok, right now, friends, it is my great pleasure to introduce one of the most talented people in our business and it's a real treat to have him with us on the muppet show mr. paul williams. as paul sings "an old fashioned love song," he is joined by two caricatures of himself and the gogolala jubilee jugband. bravo. encore. bravo. encore.  he's a credit to his race. what race is that. the hundredyard dash. they chuckle. welcome to muppet labs, where the future is being made today. folks, let me take just one moment of your time to acquaint you with a fascinating new product. it's muppets allpurpose tenderizer.  now, you can use it on all sorts of dishes. for example, dishes like this one here. he breaks a dish against the counter. whoo, that's one of the problems with dishes, isn't it. they do tend to break. but if you had used allpurpose tenderizer in such fashion as this    your dish would have been as tender as this  he folds up the dish like a piece of paper and presses it against his cheek. oh, it sets me all aquiver.  well, it's lovely. and what it does for dishes it can do for utensils too. watch. he sprinkles powder on a metallic soup ladle. only takes a second  he holds up the ladle and watches it droop. so there it is. muppets allpurpose tenderizer. it's new from muppet labs. he feels the top of the table, noticing how rubbery it is. oh, goodness. okay, who's the smartypants who tenderized the table. i mean it.  science, huh. they can put a man on the moon. huh. yeah, but they can't put a moon on a man.  rowlf stands in a patio area. "silence." a poem by rowlf. that's me. silence. hear the nothingness. listen to the quietness of everlasting space. down the winding velvet corridors of time it sweeps  and sweeps  and sw  he pauses, as george the janitor sweeps the floor behind him. and sweeps away the sound of creatures crying in the night. behind him, a bird walks by and squawks loudly.  "creatures crying in the night" and cry we must, for we have tasted the forbidden fruit. the bird continues squawking. miss piggy walks by, munching on an apple. but lo, lo, the faceless names  the  george walks in front of him, sweeping. faceless names, nameless faces, whisper of our woes  that  zoot and janice pass by, whispering to each other. but over all, over all, the blessed silence falls. sweet serpentines of silence singing their sad song. behind him, wanda enters, ululating scales. out of the silence and dark, we build the music, silent music. scooter shows up with a transistor radio, dancing to the music. rowlf becomes more exasperated. and the endless emptiness of emptiness drumming in our ears. animal shows up, playing the drums. rowlf finally loses his cool. they all exit as rowlf collects himself. but in  in the end  all is silence. quiet  silent ways. all still. enter kermit. uh, could you hold it down, rowlf. we're trying to do a show here. rowlf breaks down and sobs into a handkerchief. kermit scowls and walks off. paul stands on the proscenium and addresses the audience. you know, when they asked me to do the show, i was delighted. this is a great show to do. i have a special reason for being very excited. you see  except for me, the entire cast is muppets. muppets are little, tiny things, and for the first time in my life, no one will make jokes about how short i am. for the first time in my life, i am the tallest person on the show. he is surrounded by three tall characters. for the first time in my life, i will cry in front of 30 million people. they hug him. fozzie stands still.  i am a telephone pole.  enter hilda. fozzie, what are you doing. it's my new act with scooter. i'm practicing to be a telephone pole.  that's ridiculous. you don't look like a telephone pole. no one would believe you were a telephone pole. a telephone man walks by, wrapping some wire around fozzie's nose.  i am a lineman for the county   on the other hand, what do i know about telephone poles. she walks off. fozzie continues to stand still. couples dance in a ballroom. george dances with mildred. huh. i'll be darned. you say that's your boy. huh. how could you have a son that age. i didn't. when i had him, he was just a baby. miss piggy dances with another pig. oh, how do i love thee. let me count the ways. you are more beautiful than the summer days. you know, there's a lot of ham in you.  that man is annoying me. he isn't even looking at you. that's what's annoying me.  i can't understand it. i just can't seem to hold on to a job. my last one only lasted for ten minutes. yeah. what were you doing.  i was a librarian. animal dances with a woman. hey, you wanna take a trip. sure, i'd love to. okay. hang on. they get a running start, and fall over. animal grins, picks her up and continues dancing. mary louise leads the frogs in a performance of "i'm in love with a big blue frog". after the number, statler and waldorf imitate the frogs. kermit and paul sit together at the regular "talk spot" wall. well, paul, listen. listen, paul. i just want to say what a real thrill it is to have you on the show. yes, that's very kind of you, kermit. thank you. yeah, and you know what. you're not gonna hear any jokes your being littlebitty and small and cute and all that sort of thing like you are. you're not gonna hear that comin' from me. you promise. no. us little guys gotta stick together. oh, yeah, listen. and besides that, there have been a lotta famous people who were small in size. it's true. sure, like napoleon. uh, truman capote. uh, mickey rooney. tom thumb. not to mention the legendary wally blatner. wally blatner, a favwho is wally blatner. oh, he invented the elevator shoe. the elevatorreally. mmhmm. lifts, right. right, right. whatever happened to ol' wally. well, one day, somebody pressed his down button and he was never seen again. down button...oh, i get it. you mean he... paul points downward. kermit squishes his body down, imitating a mechanical noise. just like that. that's terrible. that's terrible.  yeah, if you think that was terrible, what about the twelve people who were riding with him.  the most ludicrous story...i mean, even told by a frog, that'sthat's...that's ridiculous. really. hey, do you wear lifts.  sometimes, yeah. oh yeah. going up. kermit pushes paul's nose and paul ascends above. now paul is someone everyone can look up to.  fozzie continues practicing standing still. i am a telephone pole. i am made of solid wood. i am a telephone pole. i am made of solid wood. a woodpecker starts pecking his face. i am too talented for my own good. will you please. fozzie shoos the bird away with his hat. paul is seen working at a travel agency, talking on the phone with a client. yes, ma'am, you are confirmed: two tickets to new york city. thank you. beautiful day monster enters, scatting. hello. hello. i want to go to pittsburg. i can send you to pittsburg first class on a supersonic jet for $764. uh, you got anything cheaper. well, i can send you to pittsburgh coach class on a subsonic jet for 511. uh, you got anything cheaper. i can send you to pittsburgh excursion economy in an old prop job for about 398. uh, you got anything cheaper. yeah. i could send you to pittsburgh standingroom only on a brokendown old bus for about 75 bucks. uh, you got anything cheaper..  yeah, i think i can work somethin' out for ya', pal. paul pulls a lever attached to his desk. a a 5,000 pound weight falls onto beautiful day monster. it slowly rises back up, where the monster has been completely flattened underneath. paul picks him up. hey, charlie. you wanna mail this to pittsburg. paul tosses the monster away like a frisbee. zoom in on the two left houses. my mother is very religious. she's a fanatic. no, she's a church. zoom out. musical button. main stage. sam stands on the proscenium. and here they are now, my kind of people. wayne and wanda. the curtain opens. wanda lays in a box, as wayne saws her in half. music swells up. youuuuuu doooooo something to me  oww. ow. the newsman rushes in. here is a muppet news flash. arnold stockman, a retired shoe salesman, recently had a most unusual experience and we here at muppet news central feel it is a story that should be shared with everyone. here in his own words is mr. stockman to tell you of this most bizarre event. mr. stockman  appears on screen. well, it was about a week ago... mmhmm. and...i was sitting at home watchin' television. must have been about nine o'clock. mmhmm. suddenly, the phone rang. well, i picked it up... hm. ...but, there wasn't anybody there. so, i hung up and then i went back to watchin' the television.  darndest thing. whatever unusual events occur, you'll hear it first on muppet news.  scooter reads some notes in kermit's office space. boy, my uncle'll be really interested in this.  uh, thatthat's private business here, scooter, uh. uh, sorry. oh, anand by the way, you guys are really gonna do the ol' telephone pole bit. that's right, chief.  lots o' luck. kermit exits. fozzie appears at the door. scooter. hmm. i won't do it. what.. i just found out what the telephone pole bit is and i will not do it.  oh, come on. fozzie, come on.  we're on now. besides, we'll be terrific. fozzie opens the door and the two start walking toward the stage. scooter, we will not be terrific. we will die out there. dieee. of course we're not gonna "dieee." what makes you think we're gonna die. fozzie spots a pair of vulturelike frackles sitting on the second floor railing. just a hunch.   kermit enters onstage. well, folks. we got a little something different for you tonight in the ol' comedy spot. our own fozzie bear is being joined by our gofer scooter. and here they are doing that classic sketch, the telephone pole bit. kermit walks out as the curtain opens with a fanfare. fozzie is wearing a pay phone costume, with scooter standing beside him wearing his hat. hello. and what's your name. mike oznowiczski. oh, so you're the telephone pole. music plays as the curtain closes. good old fozzie. he's never been better. or shorter. same difference.  hey, shhh. oh. paul sings "sad song," accompanied by rowlf, floyd, animal, zoot and a muppet chorus. well, that's about the end of the show, folks. we'd like to thank our special guest star, mr. paul williams. paul enters to applause. thank you. thank you, kermit, ii've loved every minute of it, little guy.  thog and sweetums appear beside paul. thog chuckles.  except, of course, for the parts that i hated, ya' know. sorry about that, paul. hey, but, we'll see you next time on the muppet show. the muppets gather around paul as the closing theme begins. eh, this show is good for what ails me. yeah, wwhat ails you. insomnia. ) )