contents pops brushes a windup toy bridge of false teeth. that's right. up and down, not sideways. gene enters through the stage door. who are you. well, i'm gene kelly. did kermit leave a ticket for me. they didn't have it at the box office. gene kelly. you don't need a ticket. you're tonight's special guest star.  oh gee  there must be some mistake. i wasn't planning to do anything tonight. i thought kermit invited me over just to watch the show. no, you're tonight's guest. you're supposed to sing and dance.  oh, no, no way. if you invite a guest to dinner, do you expect them to cook. is that an offer. we could use a good cook around here. the swedish chef knocks him out with a pan, then offers it to gene. no i don't know who you are, but i love your cooking.  it's the muppet show, with our very special guest star, gene kelly. yaaayyy. the curtain opens, and the theme begins. when gonzo blows his trumpet, it rings and a voice comes out. he puts it to his ear. hello.  he's not home. main stage. kermit enters to applause. thank you, thank you. hiho and welcome again to the muppet show, where we have one of the greatest singer/actor/director/dancer/movie stars of all time, the incomparable gene kelly.  yes. but first, before gene actually performs for us, we have a   kermit. just a second. he walks over to the wings, where gene is watching. uh, what's up, gene. kermit, you don't understand. i'm just here to watch the show. uh  you mean, no singing or acting or dancing or starring. nope. i'm just going to be part of the audience. uh, well listen, uh, let me just introduce this number and then we'll talk about what you're going to do on the show, huh. nope. i'm just going to sit here and have a great time. kermit stammers as he goes back to center stage. uhh, okay folks, uh, well, here all the way from baffin bay, the endangered species chorus line. the curtain opens to an arctic setting. penguins, baby seals and a walrus sing "jambalaya," while catgut fishes and catches an alligator  or vice versa. gene watches from the wings. when the number is over, he applauds as the animals walk past him. i loved it. i loved it.  i didn't understand it, but i loved it. kermit speaks through the intercom as scooter reads his cards. okay, uh, next on stage, prince rudolph and his invisible cheeseburger. excuse me, have you seen a cheeseburger waiting in the wings. uh, no. oh, good. he's on time for a change. he walks to the stage with kermit. beauregard enters. hey, beau. yes. you want me to tell you what you'll be doing in the future. i don't know what i'm doing now. no problem. it says here in my fortune telling cards, that for you, the seven of lumps is in the ascendency with the beginning of the drowning refrigerator. what does that mean.  it's the end of the world. beau ponders what that means. you guys. the invisible cheeseburger has lost his voice. there's nothing left of him but the smell of onions. it's the end of the world. well, it's not that bad.  uh, everything okay so far, gene. oh, kermit, you don't know what a pleasure it is coming to a show and not having to perform. uh, yeah. and you don't know how hard it is to do a show where the guest star doesn't perform on stage. oh, relax, kermit. it isn't the end of the world. don't be too sure. uh, but if you don't go on, i'll have to. and i can't dance my way out of worm jello. no problem. i used to be a dance teacher. what. wait a minute  are you offering to give me a dance lesson. of course. in a few minutes, i can have your toes tapping  or, in your case, your flippers flapping.  that's terrific. hey, tell me, gene  uh, tell me, where would you like to, uh, give me this dance lesson. oh, i don't care. anywhere at all. uh, well, how about, uh, how about right over here.   right. now kermit, the first thing you gotta remember is stay relaxed  he suddenly notices the audience applauding. the curtain raises to reveal a penthouse setting with a luggage cart and a piano. gene gingerly goes along with it, raising his hands to silence the audience. kermit. you tricked me. uh, well, just sort of a little trick. well, okay then.  let's do it. come on, hop up on the piano.  okay, watch this, folks. whoop.  hey.  follow me. okay. they start dancing to the tune of "frre jacques". one two three four. one two three four. one two three. one two three. lala lala la la. lala lala la la. well, there. gee, i guess i got it. they start dancing to an instrumental of "the worry song". applause. i wish gene kelly would teach me to charleston. i wish gene kelly would drive you to charleston.  kermit comes backstage, humming. oh, hello, boss. hey, do you know, there was some guy who was sitting over there watching the show. beau, that's not some guy, that's gene kelly, our guest star. he's one of the great entertainers of our age. oh, good. i gave him my sponge mop.  beau, why did you do that. well, i'm giving away all my stuff, because the world is coming to an end.  beau. beau, that's silly. oh, no it isn't. i'm worried sick. the cast of veterinarian's hospital passes by. oh, good. come with us. we need a sick person for vet's hospital.  okay. he tosses his hanky away, then follows them to the stage as they pass gene. oh, beau  thanks again for the sponge mop. open on piggy blowing her snout on the operating table sheet. she realizes she's on camera and takes her place. beauregard is the patient. and now, veterinarian's hospital, the continuing stoooory of a quack who's gone to the dogs. so who's this patient, nurse janice. it's beau, dr. bob. bo, the one that lost the sheep. no, no, no, not bo peep. beau the stagehand. oh, the one who lost his marbles.  hey, that's not niceynicey. ohhh. no. it's not very funnyfunny either. no, it isn't. were you calling the patient, stupid dr. bob. uhh  you wanna try that again. were you calling the patient stupid, dr. bob. i liked the first way better. hoo hoo hoo hoo. me too. i just came here to tell you that the world is going to come to an end. oh, no. oh, and i had so many things i wanted to do with my life. like what. well, like frizz my hair and buy some new shoooooooes. wait a minute. beau, how do you know the world is going to end. oh, i saw it in the cards. the cards. then we got nothing to worry about. why. he's not playing with a full deck.    there you go again, treating me like i was subferior.  don't listen to him, beau. but i can't help it. he's so close, i hear every word. ooh. i think another card just fell out of the deck.  okay, but the world is going to end. and there'll be a sign. something will happen here that's never happened before. you mean like if dr. bob actually cured a patient.  or nurse janice kept her mouth shut.  or if we got one honest laugh. well, if the world is waiting for that, it's gonna be a rather long time.  eh. might as well cue the announcer. they all look up. and so we come to the end of another veterinarian's hospital. gee, i was sure something was going to happen. tune in next week, when you'll hear dr.  b'waaaaah. he falls from the ceiling and lands on beau. oh. heh. good thing i landed on something soft. they all laugh. aw. now that's funny. blackout. two dogs sing "fit as a fiddle" to a fiddleplaying french poodle. hey now, look at that. all that and she can dance too. the tempo increases, and they chase the poodle. they try to kiss her, but she ducks and they end up kissing themselves. an old dog walks away with her, and they sigh. gene stands by the stage door. piggy runs into him. oh. oh, there you are. eugene. oh, hi, miss piggy. i was just standing here getting some fresh air. oh. oh, i thought you were grabbing a taxi. oh, no. i don't want to leave. i'm having too much fun. oh, good. and you're doing a wonderful job. oh, i'm not doing anything.  you're doing it so well.  thank you. eugene, you have sung to many beautiful women. yes. yes, i've been lucky. your luck's still with ya. it is. eugene, i am not one to beg, but  please sing to me. i'd be happy to. she swoons as music swells up. i'm glad i met you, you wonderful you. i can't forget you, you wonderful you. you're like a breath of spring,  a whole new thing has happened.  and without much ado,  i look at you and   there stands love. my arms around you,  that's wonderful too.  so glad i found you,  you wonderful you  remember  miss piggy, you've gotta change for pigs in space. oh. oh, oh, oh, gene, i'm so sorry, um, i must go. ta.  but we haven't finished our song. that's okay. you can sing it to me.  what's it called. "you wonderful you". perfect.  i don't think it'll be the same  remember, finders keepers  losers weepers. and because it's true, you're mine now, you wonderful you. applause. open on our heroes, fretting. when we last left our heroes, captain hogthrob was about to speak.  i wonder how that announcer is. he fell down in vet's hospital, you know. actually, i sprained my ankle. link and piggy look up.  well, take my advice and get your mommy to kiss it.  can we get on with this sketch. yeah, yeah, good idea. captain hogthrob, the navigational computer just gave us a very startling news. oh. what's that. see that white glow approaching in the distance.  yeah. that glow is the end of the universe.  and furthermore, according to the computer, when we reach the end of the universe, we will be given the meaning and purpose of life.  we will be given the meaning and purpose of life. i just love presents. uh  when do we get there. in exactly one minute from  now. a countdown clock appears and starts going down from 1:00. at:50, an alarm sounds, startling link and piggy. oh, it's okay, it's okay, it's just the dinner gong.  that means i'm going to miss the meaning and purpose of life. but link. can't you just skip dinner. what. why, we're having swill stroganoff. he departs. piggy looks at the clock, which reaches:29.  the meaning  and purpose of life.  swill stroganoff.  as the clock reaches:11, piggy and strangepork rush to follow link. wait for me. she briefly comes back to address the viewer. you wait for the meaning and purpose of life. :05 :04 :03 :02  transition to the news desk. and now, a muppet newsflash, probably the greatest news story in history. the meaning and purpose of life has just been announced. the full text of the announcement is as follows.   oh, that's    wrong line. uh, just a second. i had it here a minute ago. where is it. the meaning and purpose of   how can i keep track of things when you're always straightening up my desk.. transition back to the swinetrek. the white glow has overtaken the window. the crew relaxes and enjoys a cup.  so, here we are at the end of the universe. is there any more coffee.  too bad we all missed the meaning and purpose of life. not all of us missed it. they all look up and beg. oh. tell us. tell us. tell us, tell us. what is it. please, please.  i know something you don't know. yeah. well, i know something you don't know, too. she pulls a lever, and the announcer falls from the ceiling and lands on the dashboard. so much for pigs  in  space.  aww aw, come on, kermit, let us on next. i'm sorry, guys, i've got a full show. i cannot use a jug band number tonight. aw, man, it's unfair. they all walk away. aw, come on, zeke, it ain't the end of the world. yes, it is. the universe ended in pigs in space, and the world must be next.  it's just a sketch, beau. hey kermit, the set's on stage and ready to go. oh, let me see. yeah. it looks just like the set from the movie, doesn't it. wow. an exact duplicate. is gene excited about doing "singing in the rain" on the show. well, he doesn't know about it yet. uh, what don't i know about yet, kermit. oh, it was our surprise closing number, gene. well, i hope it's not for me. i don't want to do anything more. i just came here to enjoy myself, sit down and relax. not even something like, uh, oh, "singing in the rain", possibly. especially not that number. you know, i  i've done that number so much, people are tired of it. but gene, that's exactly wh that's exactly what we thought. "gene's not gonna want to do 'singing in the rain'," we said. didn't we, scooter. uh, yeah, that's what we said, i guess. maybe i wasn't listening to us. uh  uh, listen, scooter, since the jug band set is on stage right now  we have a jug band on the show, gene. a jug band. yeah,  why don't you go tell the jug band that their number is next. oh, right. yeah. right. i'll tell the jug band. oh, they'll sure be pleased with their set.  uh, uh, uh, gene, i just have one quick introduction to make. good. i'll just go over here and sit down and relax, okay. kermit whimpers, then goes on stage. main stage. kermit enters. uh, uh, welcome if you will, that texas jug band extraordinaire, lubbock lou and his jug huggers. yaaaay. open on the jug band, singing in the rain with umbrellas. all day i've faced the barren waste without the taste of water. cool water. . old dan and i with throats burned dry, and souls that cry for water. gene watches from the wings, and laughs out loud. cool, clear   water. applause. the band looks sad. kermit, you were really hoping that i'd do "singing in the rain", right.  oh, no, no, absolutely not. the thought never crossed my mind. or to put it another way, yes. i guessed. well, i understand. i mean, it's a great song. but after i did it in the movie, kermit, i used to do it all the time. i'd do it at the drop of a hat. rowlf gets their attention with his piano, then drops a hat. but no more. you see, i finally realized that i'd never be able to do it better than we did it in the movie. rowlf plays the familiar opening vamp in the key of e major.  so that's why i never sing it anymore. yeah, but gene, doesn't this vamp i'm playing kinda make you feel like singin'. yeah, that vamp does. the muppets gather around as he sings. 's wonderful, 's marvelous, you should care for me. 's awful nice  's awful nice  's paradise  's paradise  's what i love to see. no, no. not that song. this song. he plays the vamp again in e major. oh, that song. i know that one. sure. you were meant for me.  i was meant for vous, geney. hey guys, no no no. just listen to the vamp now. he plays the vamp again, this time in e major. the bells are ringing for me and my gal. the birds are singing for me and my gal. hey, wait a minute, i give up, gene. this vamp goes with too many songs. it sure does. and you know something. it even goes with this one too. rowlf plays the vamp in e major, then slowly plays along with gene. i'm singin'  in the rain. applause. the muppets hang on to gene's every word. just singin'  in the rain. what a glorious feeling. i'm happy again. i'll walk down the lane, with a happy refrain, just singin'  and dancin'  in the rain. he picks up an umbrella, and walks to the set. he notices it's not raining, glances at the audience, closes his umbrella and walks away. more applause. okay, and so we come to the end of another one. but before we go, let us bring back the man who's made this evening so very special for all of us. ladies and gentlemen, mr. gene kelly. yaaaay. applause. kermit, i've had a wonderful time. how can you say that. the world is coming to an end.  you know, beauregard, i have been reading the instruction manual of those fortunetelling cards. scooter made a mistake. oh. yes, it says here, "when the seven of lumps is in the ascendency with the beginning of the drowning refrigerator, it doesn't mean the world is ending. it means your laundry will come back gray and dingy." you're trying to make me feel better. but i know, the end is near. uh, no, the end is now.  we'll see you next time on the muppet show. the muppets gather around gene as the credits roll. are you ready for the end of the world. sure. it couldn't be worse than this show. they chuckle. ) )