contents open on pops grooming a rat. shirley enters with a suitcase. hi. oh, who are you. i'm shirley bassey. i'm doing the show tonight. oh, right. you're doing the show tonight. mmhm. great. you can brush my rat. he hands her the brush. what  i have to brush your rat. everybody pitches in around here. oh, good, then you can comb my crocodile. she sets one on the counter, startling pops.  they warned me about this show. so i came prepared.  it's the muppet show, with our very special guest star, shirley bassey. yaaayyy. the curtain opens, and the theme begins. when gonzo blows his trumpet, it crows like a rooster. camilla, your uncle's calling. main stage. kermit enters to applause. thank you, thank you. hiho and welcome to the muppet show. and it's going to be a wonderful show tonight, because our guest star is one of the world's great singers, miss shirley bassey.  yes. but first, how would you like to boogie. well then, get thee to a barnyard. dr. teeth and the electric mayhem  perform "barnyard boogie" outside a farmhouse with gaffer, rizzo, a pig, sheep, cow, rooster, chickens, and an unnamed dog. "boo. boo." say the men in the theater box, don't boogie in the barnyard. they chuckle. the animals pass by kermit. very good, barnyard animals. nicely mooed, oinked and clucked. what about me. okay. baaaaa'd. i thought it was good. out, out, out, out.  i hate sheep shots.  okay, on stage, dancing sacks, dancing sacks on stage please. two shiny sacks make their way to the stage as music begins. enter scooter. hey chief. hmm. you know, in shirley bassey's closing number, "goldfinger"  yeah.  how you wanted the set painted gold. right. well, we don't have any gold paint.  what. the best we can do is kind of a rust color. scooter, she's not going to sing "rustfinger". haven't you got something closer to gold. oh, what if we bring in some ice and she sings "cold finger".  scooter, will you go out and get some paint right now... yes, boss.  booing is heard from the crowd. enter fozzie. oh, kermit. hmm. those sacks are really boring. oh, well, sack the sacks. yes, sir.  uh, on stage, shirley bassey. shirley bassey on stage please. kermit goes on stage. the sacks come off stage. it's all your fault. you've got no sense of rhythm. aw, shut up, you old bag. she storms off in a huff. okay, well, in sharp contrast to that last act, what could be more different than the dramatic sophistication of our lovely talented guest star. ladies and gentlemen, the dynamic miss shirley bassey. yaaaaay. shirley sings "fire down below" in a gold foundry inhabited by timmy monster and a workforce of whatnots. ah, "fire down below"  great number. thanks. "thanks". you didn't write "fire down below". no, but the guy who did had just had a bowl of my chili. they chuckle. the construction workers pass kermit. okay, nice number. those fake gold bars looked very good, guys. hey kermit. kermit, i got some news. oh, you got the gold paint. well, we don't need the paint anymore. why not. oh  you'll see. come here. he walks kermit over to a pile of gold bars. kermit gasps. hey bruno. bruno. bruno, a deliveryman, pops up. bruno, this is kermit. it's a frog. you didn't say nothin' about no frog. oh, he's okay.  uh, you see, i saw bruno across the street, parked in an armored van. he's loaning us the gold for shirley bassey's number.  oh, that's very nice of you. yeah, he's a big fan. yeah, i love her. uhhuh. that's real gold. yeah, you bet, mac. fifty million bucks' worth. wow. i've never even touched real gold before bruno stops kermit from touching it by grabbing his flipper. nobody touches this gold except me.  uh, yes sir.  i still don't trust the frog. something about the eyes. well, he's okay, bruno. honest. behind them, beaker takes one gold bar and walks away with it. yeah. you know what fifty million bucks means to a frog. kermit shrugs. anyway, if one of these gold bars is mi  he notices that one is missing, throws kermit on the desk and starts manhandling him. okay. up against the desk there. spread 'em out. spread 'em out. okay, what'd you do with it. what'd you do with it. but bruno  it couldn't have been him. he was right here. oh yeah. you know how fast these frogs are. you ever seen one catch a fly. kermit scowls. open on bunsen admiring his latest invention. oh. ahem. dr. bunsen honeydew, here at muppet labs, where the future is being made today. for centuries, alchemists have labored in vain, trying to turn lead into gold. woohoo, that would be so snazzy. now this machine cannot turn lead into gold, but it can do the next best thing. it can turn gold into cottage cheese. now, here's my assistant, beaker, with a nice shiny bright bar of gold. let's put it in the machine, beaker. bunsen removes the lid, and beaker puts the heavy bar on the plate. bunsen puts the lid back on. that's good. now we turn the machine on. he turns it on, and it buzzes. bruno enters, notices beaker and starts shaking him. ha. all right, wise guy, what'd you do with it. come on, i know you did it, you dirty rat.  the buzzing stops as bunsen turns off the machine. so, the experiment is complete. what'd he do with the gold. why, he put it right in the machine here. he removes the lid. bruno grabs what he thinks is the gold bar, but soon realizes it's not gold   this is cottage cheese. low in cholesterol, high in vitamins. an enraged bruno chases beaker around the lab. someone knocks on the door as shirley files her nails. come in. scooter enters. uh, excuse me, miss bassey. yes. uh, here's that cottage cheese you ordered. oh, thank you, scooter. i do like a light snack in between numbers. yeah. are you sure this is fresh. well, yeah. why do you ask. she picks up the spoon, showing scooter that the cottage cheese is actually solid gold. you call this a light snack. well  bongggg. she drops it on his toe.  no. she chuckles. two fazoobs from planet koozebane perform "isn't this a lovely day". the trumpet fazoob plays while another shoots balls into the air, each of which appear to explode. the last descends, having gained mass, and falls on the trumpeter's head. the muppet orchestra plays "after you've gone" with nigel conducting floyd, zoot, janice , animal, rowlf, lips, and the trumpet girl  in the orchestra pit. i tell you, shirley, it makes me feel weird. i mean, it's sitting right there next to kermit's desk, fifty million dollars worth of gold. just try to ignore it, fozzie. it's only money. but, shirley. fifty million dollars. do you know how many jokes that would buy. your kind of jokes. quite a few. no, really. i have an expensive gag writer, gags beasley. he charges fifty cents a laugh. yeah. a dollar for a boffo bellygrabber.  "boffo bellygrabber". wait  if you divide a boffo bellygrabber into fifty million dollars, do you know how many laughs i could get with  music swells up. fozzie, fozzie  there are many more things in life. let me tell you a little story. okay. okay. a long time ago, a million years b. c., the best things in life were absolutely free. but no one appreciated a sky that was always blue. and no one congratulated a moon that was always new. so it was planned that they would vanish now and then. and you must pay before you get them back again. thats what storms were made for. and you shouldnt be afraid, for evrytime it rains, it rains pennies from heaven. it briefly does so. fozzie looks surprised. dont you know, each cloud contains pennies from heaven. it happens again. fozzie holds out his hat. youll find your fortune falling all over town. fozzie looks around, but nothing falls. he gets out an umbrella. be sure that your umbrella is upside down. she turns it upside down, and fozzie catches more. they're joined by t.r., lew zealand, dr. teeth, rizzo, beaker, and gonzo. trade them for a package of sunshine and showers.  wait, wait  if you want the things you love, you must have showers. more pennies fall.  wait, wait wait, wait  so when you hear it thunder, dont run under a tree.  wait, wait wait, wait  therell be pennies from heaven for you  and me. even more pennies fall. they all go for it now. go for it. yes. yes. it's mine. it's mine. right, rizzo. give it  c'mon. it's mine. the newsman is accompanied by bruno, guarding the gold behind him. here is a muppet news flash. tight security surrounds the muppet show with the theater holding over fifty million dollars in gold bullion. trained guards watch the precious metal 'round the clock, and dire consequences will befall anyone who so much as lays a finger on it, like so. he touches it, and bruno tackles him and throws him up in the air. uh  doctor. a doctor rushes in and checks on the gold with his stethoscope. they're going to be all right. but stay with 'em.  main stage. kermit enters. and now, ladies and gentlemen, the great gonzo conducts "liebestraume" while dueling a giant crab. hoo boy. a fanfare plays as the curtain opens on rowlf and a violinist at a piano. gonzo enters with a baton. thank you. thank you, culture fans. and now, classical music meets seafood. gonzo starts conducting them as they start playing. now. en garde. he uses his baton as a dueling sword with the crab.  somebody get the guinness book of records on the phone.  hah. thank you, little crustacean.  the violinist joins in the duel, using his bow as a weapon. en garde. oh no. not you too. gonzo is immediately pinned to the piano by the violinist. wait, this is too violent for a family show. it's only a flesh wound. gonzo and the crab come backstage. okay, that was tough luck, gonzo. oh, tough luck. au contraire, mon ami. spanish. you have just witnessed the birth of a great new show business partnership. gonzo and buster. buster. the crab's name is  of course it is. they exit. bruno passes with the gold. i just don't understand. what, uh, gonzo. no, shirley bassey. what's she doing on a show like this. well, right now she's going to sing, so why don't you just get that gold onstage, okay. okay.  come on, on stage. hey. where do you think you're going. uh  well, i was going to introduce shirley. well, go on then. yes sir.  keep an eye on that frog. scooter shrugs. main stage. kermit enters. well, ladies and gentlemen, we've had few artists on the muppet show who have solid gold records, and shirley bassey is no exception. but she is the only guest we've ever had with a solid gold set. yes, no expense spared, so please welcome the inestimable, the priceless miss shirley bassey. yaaaaaay. shirley bassey sings "goldfinger" in a bank vault, sprawled across the loaned bars of gold. as she sings, link hogthrob  and his squad of pig thieves enter the vault and steal every bar without her noticing. bruno enters the stage, finds shirley alone without the gold, and arrests her. well, it looks like we mined all the gold we can from this show, but before we head for the claims office, let's bring back our wonderful guest star, ladies and gentlemen, shirley bassey. yaaaaay. she comes out, accompanied by bruno. thank you, kermit. i loved the show. it was lots of fun, and full of surprises. surprises.  she reveals that she and bruno are handcuffed together. bruno, you apologize this minute. okay, okay. i'm sorry i accused you. it was shirley bassey all the time. it was kermit who staged it up. it was you. the frog.. uh, we'll see you next time on the muppet show. that was not me, i was  the rest of the muppets gather on stage. the scene ends in chaos as the credits roll. i bought gold back when it was cheap. really. where is it now.  they chuckle. ) )