contents open on pops, making a phone call at his post. yeah, send me over a peanut butter and jelly sandwich, and make sure it talks. pops hangs up, when glenda jackson enters the stage door, carrying a penguin, eric. uh, who are you. i'm glenda jackson. and you must be pops, the doorman. and i'm eric. glenda jackson.. no, eric. not the famous actress. yes. that's right eric, not the famous actress.  beats me why you stars hang around with creeps like that. i'm not his creep, i'm his limousine. drive on. glenda presses her nose, emitting the sound of an engine ignition. the two drive offscreen. dressing room one, you can't miss it. glenda skids and crashes.  see. it's the muppet show, with our very special guest star, glenda jackson. yaaayyy. the curtain opens, and the theme begins. gonzo blows his trumpet and gets pushed out of the way by four penguins. kermit enters to applause. thank you, thank you, thank you and welcome again to the muppet show. and we have some wonderful things planned for the show tonight. we have centipede tagteam wrestling. we have the singing, marinated turnips. and best of all, we have the fabulously versatile actress, glenda jackson.  yes. but first, but first, here is gonzo the great in a semiautobiographical extravaganza. ladies and gentlemen, gonzo the great. yaaay. gonzo sings "workin' at the car wash blues" with the chickens. near the end of the song, he visualizes himself working in an executive office.  oh, ms. leghorn, would you take a letter.. enter ms. leghorn, his attractive, chicken secretary in a scandalous outfit, clucking.  forget the letter, ms. leghorn. let's take the afternoon off. ms. leghorn leaps into gonzo's chair. back in reality, gonzo and the chickens finish the song. that was a great number, i don't care what you say. i thought it was dumb. maybe you're right.  glenda, wearing a feathered cap, converses with eric in her dressing room. kermit knocks on the door. glenda seals her jacket up. ahoy there.  uh, oh, ahoy, uh, glenda. may i come in. come aboard.  officer of the watch, pipe the frog aboard. kermit enters as eric blows his whistle. uh, uh, thank you. i just wanted to make sure you were comfortable. me. oh, any old port in a storm. well, uh, i'm sorry i've been so busy. bilgewash, i'm glad to see you run a tight, little ship. uh...uh, glenda, do you have any connection with the sea. glenda and eric take to each other. glenda laughs and takes off her jacket, revealing a pirate outfit underneath. meet...black jackson, the heartless pirate captain. ahha. and i be eric, the heartless pirate parrot.  haha. uh, uh, thathathat's silly you're not a parrot, you're a penguin. this be a disguise.  haha. oh yeah. well, take it off. ...no. ahha. wwhat's the matter. aren'y you wearing your parrot suit underneath. and get it crumpled. humph. eric goes behind a changing screen and tosses his unzipped penguin costumer onto it. he do be a ruthless, heartless pirate, but he do like his privacy. eric emerges, revealed to be have really been an parrot all along. a short music sting accompanies him. haha. uh, uh, wait a second. i didn't order that music sting. no, i did. i'm takin' over. yeah. ho, ho. you and whose army.. me and my army. glenda opens a trap door in the floor, revealing five of her pirate mates. haha. ah, look alive now, me bonny boyos one, two, three, four you go stealthy now and we do be masters of this tub.  wait a minute. you can't take over my theater with this motley band. they will have the help of short john silver. sweetums, in a pirate banana on his head, appears from behind the changing screen. haha. ah. et tu, sweetums.. actually, i think he ate three perhaps you'd better count the chickens. glenda and the crew laugh, while kermit grimaces. the pirates find their way to the stage and sing "tie the man down," but the number ends with three of them tied together in ropes. three of the pirates from the song pass through, knotted together. a sea bell has been installed on the balcony's upper deck. okay, that was knot too terrific. it knot be our fault no one showed us the ropes. glenda and sweetums exit her dressing room as one mate, deadear dick, rings the bell. all ashore that's going ashore. all a deadear dick continues ringing the bell as she talks. she grabs the rope, then snaps dead ear with his own earpatch. he groans in pain. i have told you never to do that while i'm giving orders. how come he doesn't have that patch over his eye. he's deadear dick. glenda makes her way downstairs, as sweetums and deadear dick begin to fasten a helm to the balcony. all ashore that's going ashore. all ashore that's goin  uh, wwaiwait a second, we're al...woah, glenda. we're already ashore. no, we are not, you silly frog. we've cast off to look for buried treasure. what.. buried treasure. you know, pieces of eight, doubloons, fifteen men on a dead man's chest, yohoho and a bottle of rum... ah, hohold it, hold it, hold it, that's ridiculous. i'm not gonna go along with anything ridiculous like that. oh, yes you are. tie 'im up, lads. what. tie 'im up, lads. go ahead, tie up the frog. whoopie. three pirates surround and grab kermit, then begin to tie him up. weigh the anchor. we did two and a half tons. dead ear. deadear dick snaps himself with his earpatch. he learns slow, but he learns good. cast off the bow lines. hey. cast off the stern lines. cast off the punchlines.  glenda, glenda. wwait, this is a theater. oh, it is, is it. set a course for the spanish maine. the pirates cheer, when the sounds of the sea become audible. listen, listen. kermit, we're underway. yeah...nice special effect.  you think we tied him too tight. no, no, no. his eyes were always like that. the pirates all laugh. kermit, bound with rope, enters to fanfare. uh, uh, uh, aand now ladies and gentlemen, we present that fabulous the stage tilts, akin to a ship at sea, shifting kermit a little. uh, uh, folks, things are a little weird here tonight, so try and bear with us. and to help you bear with us, we have a bear with us that king of nearmiss comedy, fozzie bear. kermit waves as best he can with his arms tied up as the curtains open on fozzie's act. thank you, thank you and thank you. hey. didja hear about the new sport they have. yeah, you walk through five miles of poison ivy. it's called itchhiking. ahhh.  the stage rocks again, throwing fozzie off balance. glenda enters. brief the colors. strike the top mizzen and the gallons. avast me hearties. jib the spinnaker. comin' about. heartily. the stage rocks some more, as fozzie moans. boy, it sounds so nautical. i know, isn't it amazing. i could never pass my driving test, but all this seems to come very naturally.  ah, heaveho, me hearties. at glenda's command, fozzie's backdrop rises up to the rafters, revealing that the theater has been converted to a ship at sea, brewing with pirates. kermiiiiiittt. fozzie runs out to the wings. kermit. uh, fozzie, why aren't you doing your monologue.. look.  glenda leads her crew in a verse of "a capital ship." kermit briefly enters the scene. i don't believe this. glenda and the crew continue to sing. eventually, one peglegged troll falls over and the others use his body as a trampoline. he falls into the drink as the song builds to a finish. well, if you can't beat 'em, join 'em. waldorf dives out of the box and makes a splash down below. eric the parrot sings "carolina in the morning" while the swedish chef readies him for the kitchen. eric has the last word when he shoots him in the face with a blunderbuss pistol. from the upper balcony backstage, sweetums steers. another pirate adjusts the flag. the entire space rocks side to side due to the ocean. oh, good grief. uh, scooter. scooter slides by, eyes dazed and looking very green. wwhat are you doing. you're supposed to be setting up the next act. ooh, i'm feelin' a little seasick, boss. oh, nonsense. you've never looked better. huh.  okay, set up "at the dance." "at the dance," please. the theater suddenly rocks to the side, sending scooter sliding away. oh, 'scuse me, boss.  the dancers start making their way to the stage. come on, you guys. lot of enthusiasm and energy. we don't wanna lose that audience. oh, i just don't wanna lose my lunch. uh, uh, that too. open on the ballroom, where the pirates mingle with other dancers. the ballroom shifts with the seas throughout the sketch. oh, i think i see a free table. really, where. it's right behind you. the pair are knocked over by a table sliding into them as the ballroom tips sideways. other dancers fall across the floor as well. eric and a pirate slide into view, dancing together. uh, have you parrots always known how to talk. no, the first call for talking parrots began over 2,000 years ago by one of ben hur's great aunts. was it any good. you mean you haven't heard the famous "parrots of ben's aunts." the ballroom tips again, sending the dancers to the other side, except for one couple and a peglegged pirate. you know that, uh, pirate they call "peg leg," he's a pretty good dancer. of course. i know i'd seen him somewhere before. oh, where was that. at the hop.  the ballroom tips again. keelhaul the writers. hoist the laugh track. whoaaaah. the ballroom tips again, bringing another pirate pair into view. arr, do you have a ring in your ear. no. well, all real pirates have a ring in their ear. i never heard that. the pirate produces a bell and bangs the frackle's head with it, sending him shaking. now do you hear it.  the ballroom shifts some more, sending dancers all over. the splitscreen montage plays as louis kazagger announces. hi there, sports fans. it's louis kazagger with the wild word of muppet sports. the layout disappears, showing louis sitting atop the ship's mast, along with a whatnot sailor hanging from it. today, we're going to see a new record set for yardarm hanging.  how long have you been hanging there. over 36 hours. 'nother five minutes, and i set a new record. i see. well, can you tell us a little about yardarm hanging. well, the main thing is you got to never look down. that way, you may get dizzy and fall. uh, yes, i can understand that. uh, how high up is this yardarm.  golly, i don't know. well, this must be a hundred and some... the sailor looks down and notices how high up their actually are. he becomes dizzy and starts moaning, then lets go and starts to fall. you've still got a chance. grab onto something. louis' microphone cable tethers, indicating the sailer has found something to grab. no, no. not the mic chord. louis is pulled from the mast and plummets.  okay, shakey sanchez on stage, please. shakey sanchez.  kermit. hm. aare you feeling okay. why. well, yyou look kinda green.  i'm always green. well, how do you know when you're sick. kermit stammers, exasperated, as shakey comes by carrying a bomb. oh, good luck, shakey. ahh. don't do that.   who was he. uh, that's shakey sanchez and his bomb balancing act. he does a bomb balancing act. yeah. it's a good thing the sea is calmer when it was. just then, miss piggy walks by behind them toward the stage. hello, kermie. suddenly, the ship rocks the direction piggy heads, sending lew sliding away, screaming. uh, piggy. would you come back..  kermit, ii'm busy. i can't now. but, pi as the ship rocks the other way, shakey, now blindfolded, slides into the backstage, holding his lit bomb. and now ladies and gentlemen, only 20 nerveshredding seconds to go. uh, uh, uh, piggy. back this way.  kermie, i can't now. you're rockin' the boat. i throw the bomb high up in the air...  piggy, stop.  what.. shakey's bomb is heard falling from the air. lew enters from the stage. i got it. i got it. what. yeah.  ha, ha, ha. i got it. here it comes, shakey. kermit stammers in a panic and piggy screams as lew tosses the bomb back to the stage. they all duck as it explodes.  oh, i don't believe this show...  kermit rushes in.  uh, ladies and gentlemen, they say the show must go on, but they never say why. well, right now the show must not go on. because i quit. i give up. our guest star's a pirate, the theater's sailing out to sea and i'm losing my mind.  kermit, you can't stop the show now, not before the grand finale.  what grand finale.. the musical battle at sea. no, no, no, no. there will be no musical battle at sea. too late, kermit. look. the curtains open on the ship. a cannon ball strikes the deck, causing a small explosion. everyone recoils. fire number one cannon. a pirate follows orders and fires the cannon at the unseen enemy vessel. and that was only a warning shot. all hands on deck for the musical battle at sea. the crew assembles as the music begins. stray cannon balls fly by and explode as they sing. sailing, sailing over the bounding main for many a stormy wind shall blow 'til jack comes home again. sailing, sailing over the bounding main for many a stormy wind shall blow 'til jack comes home again. a cannon strikes the edge of the ship, right by eric. home again, home again.  fire number one cannon. fire number two cannon.  what's going on here, jackson.. alright, that does it. stop doing these terrible things to my frog's theater. okay, just for a change, i'll do something terrible to your frog's pig. what.. come with me. glenda and some pirates grab hold of piggy, while others continue to blast their cannons.  hold it. let go of me. kermit. kermit.  help me here. tie her up. tie her to the mast. make her walk the plank. tie her up. a pirate troll ties piggy to a barrel. wait a minute. help, help. captain, we be out of ammunition. drat and bedraggled, what are we gonna use.. uh... salvation appears in the form of the flying zucchini brothers. hey. why don't you usea us.. that's awhat awe do best. ey. the flying zucchinis, the human cannonballs. we're saved.  load 'im up. a pirate troll climbs his way back to the deck, when he's knocked off by a flying chicken. another troll picks it up and shows it to glenda. a chicken. that means that that ship is under the command of scourge of the sea gonzo the great. glenda and the crew look toward the sea and witness gonzo, dressed as a captain, sailing by on a small ship filled with chickens, who cluck along as gonzo sings and fires his cannons. anchors away, my boy  sail through the foam arriba.  until we meet once more here's wishing you a happy voyage home  the pirates load one of the zucchinis into the cannon and fire. glenda then views gonzo through her spyglass. ahoy, muppet theater. stand by to be boarded. you know what to do, girls. yeahho. glenda is shocked as the chickens tie gonzo with rope and toss him toward the muppet theater. his nose hooks on to the side, making contact between ships. we've boarded. you villain. a living grappling hook. c'mon, me hearties. a troll begins tossing cannonballs to sweetums, who bats them away like baseballs toward gonzo's ship. both sides begin to sing. sailing, sailing over the bounding main anchors away an explosion blows the troll overboard. sailing, sailing over the bounding main glenda lights what she believes is a keg of gunpowder, but instead ignites a panicked rat's tail. anchors away...ahhh. gonzo swings across the deck and crashes into the main pole. glenda throws the keg overboard, where it explodes. sailing, sailing anchors away sailing, sailing yaho. anchors away glenda grabs her sword from a troll, knocking him overboard again. kermit climbs on board, with a scarf around his neck and sword in his mouth. he and glenda begin to sword fight. watch this, folks. get 'er, kermit. i will, i will. c'mon. as kermit and glenda duel, gonzo's chickens battle the other pirates. sweetums rolls a cannon ball like a bowling ball, taking out a few. glenda goes in for one last stab, but kermit blocks her and forces the sword from her hand, sending the troll overboard yet again. ah ha. ha ha. we won, we won, we won. victory is ours. right, tie her up, sweetums. there's only one thing left to say... what. as kermit and the gang begin their musical finale, the rats set piggy free and sweetums ties glenda to the post.  hurry. ah. we love to roam out yonder out where the buff'lo wander  free as the eagle flying i'm aroping and atying i'm aroping and atying  give me my ranch and my saddle far from the great city's rattle give me a big herd to battle for i just love herding cattle fifteen men on a dead man's chest yohoho and a bottle of rum. the muppets all celebrate their victory as glenda sneers and jeers at them. kermit reenters, with glenda still tied to the mast. okay, and thus, we come to the end of what must be the weirdest muppet show of all, thanks to our very special guest star ladies and gentlemen, ms. glenda jackson. yaaay.  thank you very much, kermit. i really enjoyed playing a pirate. but, you think i might possibly... oh, yeah. sweetums. sweetums, untie the guest star, would you. quick, hurry up there. uh, you know, you know, glenda, i really believed you were an honest to goodness pirate. oh, really. that's very kind of you. yeah, okay. well, there she is. now, that's the real glenda jackson. glenda, untied, giggles and takes a bow. she rises, sword in hand. wrong, frog. the real captain jackson. whoopie. glenda cuts a rope on the mast, dropping a net over the muppets. ahh. what. ahh. help. help. ah, tie 'em up, me boys, and take 'em below. uh, uh, we'll see you next time on the muppet show. don't hold your breath. the muppets struggle with the net and pirates as the closing theme plays. it it draws to a close, statler and waldorf appear in the ship's crow's nest. i wonder why they call this thing a "crow's nest." suddenly, a crow in pirate attire pops up. get outta my nest, ya' dummies. the old geezers laugh and the crow caws. ) )