contents pops chuckles while playing a card game with himself. melissa enters. who are you. uh, i'm melissa manchester. maybe you can help me. my agent booked me onto this weird thing called, uh, the muppet show. am i in the right place. mayhem ensues: animal drags floyd by the chain, a twoheaded whatnot passes by warming up its vocal chords, and crazy harry sets off an explosion.  check. i'm in the right place.  it's the muppet show, with our very special guest star, melissa manchester. yaaayyy. the curtain opens, and the theme begins. gonzo starts to blow his trumpet, but kermit cuts in with his own trumpet, blowing gonzo out of the "o". main stage. kermit enters to applause. thank, thank you, and welcome once again to the muppet show. and tonight our very special guest star is the great singer and songwriter melissa manchester.  yes. but first, through the miracle of costly special effects  we whisk you away to the high alps. so, please welcome the vienna downhill boys choir, with their alpine anthem "tumbling tumbleweeds". yaay. with the help of some special effects, the vienna downhill boys choir performs "tumblin' tumbleweeds" as they ski down the alps, with many a wipeout along the way. aw, we should have wished them luck. well, it's too late now. it's never too late. they look at each other in unison, then shout  break a leg. break a leg. they chuckle. the injured skiers are wheeled offstage by "dr. bob". oh boy, it's a disaster. doctor, will i ever be able to ski again. uh, what do you mean again.  listen, you should have taken lessons. well, i did. i took lessons from the famous klaus noodleman. you did. yeah. hey, klaus. behind him, klaus has a wheelchair and cast of his own. oh, hi charlie. how'd it go. what do you think. did you do everything i told ya. everything. figures. uh, listen scooter, if i come up with any more dumb ideas like that, stop me. right. uh, shall i cancel the blindfolded yodeling hang glider. of course not. i said "dumb ideas". he walks onstage, leaving scooter dumbfounded. main stage. kermit enters to a fanfare. okay, well, now that we've gotten off the ski slopes and lived to tell about it  it's time for some real entertainment. ladies and gentlemen, one of the truly great singers, melissa manchester. in an abstract circus set, melissa sings "don't cry out loud." when i was a kid, i left home to join a traveling circus. oh, were your folks upset. are you kidding. they're the ones that got me the job. they chuckle. kermit addresses the injured skiers. uh, now listen, guys. the show will take care of all of your medical expenses. oh, well that's good. uh, scooter, did you cash that check i gave you. oh, of course. good.   at least, probably. wha.  well actually, no. what. they gang up on him. gee, guys, is there something wrong. oh no, nothing at all. we just wanted to invite you to come to our  cast party. oh, thanks. wait whoa, ho ho  oh. they start beating him up with their casts. beauregard plays "oh. susanna" on his harmonica on an outofcontrol rocking chair. and now, this muppet newsflash. on wall street today, commodity experts were amazed as beef fell dramatically. moo. oh, no. a cow falls on him. kermit and melissa watch from the wings. kermit, where did that cow come from. he seemed to fall right out of the sky. yeah, well see, he said that beef was falling, and uh, well it's a little hard to explain. uh, why don't we just watch pigs in space.  oh, no. don't worry, things only fall on the newsman. the newsman walks by in a daze. what did you say that next sketch is called. uh, pigs in space. oh, good. i thought you said pigs from space.  not again. strangepork and link fall from the ceiling and land on him.  oh, oh the crab nebula. i'm so frightened. they're all such mean baddies over there. ahh, there he is. an alien pops up. link and strangepork cower. gooboogooboogooboo. oh, oh, help. first mate piggy enters in her bathrobe and curlers. can we eightysix the yelling. i'm trying to take a nap.  but this weird alien from the crab nebula just boarded the ship. gooboogooboo. so, what does it want. i don't know. i don't speak crab nebulese.  well, why don't you use the universal translator, right there. knuckle brains.  link pushes a lever and turns it on. i represent swunko, the wash day miracle. guaranteed to turn your glooboos sparkling pink, without rinsing. wow, we knew it was important. sparkling pink, huh. i'll take a dozen boxes. you don't have any glooboos. oh. make it a half dozen. the announcer speaks, and the alien ducks. link and strangepork look up.  pops and fozzie. pops and fozzie, on next.  uh, pops. i don't think i'm gonna be able to do this. oh, it's gonna be terrific, fozzie. why, back in nineteen aught fortyeight, i played the roxie with this number. heh heh heh. but, it's so complicated. and now, here they are, pops and fozzie with "once in love with amy". vaudevillian music plays. fozzie tries to keep up with pops while dancing. yes sir. aha. oh, once in love with amy with amy. always in love with amy this is easy. ever and ever fascinated by her two, three sets your heart afire to stay  turn. turn. oh, sorry  once you're kissed by amy sorry. tear up your list, it's amy. aha. ply her with bonbons, poetry and flowers. moon a million hours away away fozzie accidentally tosses his cane. you might be quite the fickle hearted rover sorry. so carefree and bold   haha. who loves a girl and later thinks it over pops  haha what do i do now. and just  quits cold. follow me. yes sir. once in love with amy with amy. always in love with amy. turn. aha. oh. ever and ever, sweetly you'll romance her. trouble is the answer will be will be. haha that amy would rather stay in love with  me. i did it. i did it. hahaha. they strut off stage, then come back for the curtain call. thank you. thank you. thank you. thank you. pops. fozzie. thank you.  mwah. mwah. mwah. you really gotta hand it to fozzie. hand him what. abuse. oh. boo. hiss. terrible. melissa sits at a piano, watching floyd play bass guitar. hey floyd, what are you doing. oh, i'm playing the blues. do you like blues music. only when i'm depressed. do you get depressed often. only when i play the blues. you're weird. i may be weird, but you're beautiful. funny you should feel that way because i've always had a thing for weirdos, man. now, how can i tell when you're being serious. whenever i call you friend, friend. okay friend, let's communicate. melissa plays the piano and sings "whenever i call you friend." whenever i call you friend, i begin to think i understand, anywhere at all, you and i have always been, ever and ever i see myself within your eyes, and that's all i need to show me why, everything i do, always takes me home to you forever and ever. now i know my life has given me more than memories. they are joined by scooter, annie sue, lips, robin, rowlf, gonzo and janice. day by day we can see in every moment there's a reason to carry on carry on  sweet love showin' us a heavenly light. i've never seen such a beautiful sight. sweet love flowin' almost every night. i know forever we'll be doin' it lips plays a trumpet solo. whenever i call you friend forever and ever. now i know my life has given me more than memories. day by day we can see in every moment there's a reason to carry on carry on  sweet love showin' us a heavenly light. i've never seen such a beautiful sight. sweet love flowin' almost every night. i know forever we'll be doin' it, doin' it, doin' it sweet love shining in my life  sweet love bright star in my life  whenever i call you friend whenever i call you friend. applause. kermit looks over the schedule. okay, next we have the flying teeterini family.  okay, onstage, the teeterini family, onstage please. hey, scusi, froggy. you tell me where the teeter board is. fozzie and beauregard carry the teeter board off the stage. oh, there's no room for it. uh, hey that teeter board's supposed to be onstage, fozzie.  no, as i'm saying to you, there's no room for it on the stage. why not. because there's a set in the way, sir. well, why is the set out there. hey, can wecan we clear the set please. clear that set. you don't need to shout in the talkie talkie thing. we're standing right here.  can we please put this down. right here. okay.  what.  can you guys get on stage please. you expect the famous teeterini family to perform on stage without their famous teeter board. well, hey listen, is the teeter board really a big part of the act. the brothers gather around. watch this. okay boys, alleyoop. circus music plays. she begins stepping on the board, propelling them one by one into the air. come on, let's do it. alleyoop.  louie teeterini. come on. alleyoop.  come on boys. alleyoop.  even kermit and fozzie are launched into the air. the scene ends in chaos. bella, bella, bella. a trio of birds pluck "how much is that doggie in the window." on a guitar. some dogs appear on cue, as well as an unexpected walrus. the chef waves some spoons around. today, the swedish chef will prepare spring chicken.   brk brk brk. he tosses the spoons.   de sprngy chcke. oh, chickchickchickchickchcke. a chicken peers out of the pot. hoooo. oh chcke.  sprng, chcke. no  sprng, chcke. no  sprng, chcke. no, no  the chef picks up a giant wooden spoon, and whacks the pot. the chicken comes springing out.  oh  oh chcke. more and more chickens start springing out of the pot and bouncing around the kitchen. the scene ends in chaos. i thought that was the dumbest swedish chef spot they've ever done. what do you think. waldorf clucks, then springs out of the balcony. when will you ever learn. you're no spring chicken anymore.  the chickens, and the chef, bounce past kermit. hey, chickens. would you guys keep still. chef, what's with these chickens.  bing bing boing. i feel control over this show slipping. skiers on crutches, and chickens on springs. whoosh. enter gonzo.  these are a few of my favorite things.  wait for me, girls. ha ha ha.  oh boy, this show's now officially out of control. i'm gonna introduce the final number, and then it's every frog for himself. hey kermit, kermit, kermit, hey, why did the chickens cross the road. because an angry swede was chasing them with a cleaver.  that's not it. hey, wait. yours is better. uh, ladies and gentlemen, backstage is a mess. i've got angry skiers, springing chickens, and bouncing italians. so let us leave all that behind. come with me now to the peace and quiet of sunny spain, there to hear the beautiful soothing melodies of miss melissa manchester. in sunny spain, melissa sings "your cheatin' heart" accompanied by the mutations. she spots bullfighter link cheating on her with annie sue and sends a raging bull after him. meanwhile, the chef chases after another chicken. okay, well, we've just about come down to the end of another one. but, before we go, let us thank the lady who made it what was, the beautiful and talented melissa manchester. yaaay. applause. thank you kermit, i've had a great time. oh, i'm so glad. the mutations and the skiers gather on stage behind her. when i wasn't being, uh, hit by flying skiers, or jumped on by spring chickens, or pelted with acrobats. uh, yeah well, actually you're lucky because next week we're having a yodeler who works blindfolded from a hang glider. you're kidding. no. the yodeler is heard yodeling from offstage. that's next week. the yodeler glides down onto the stage, yodeling. uh, sorry about that. we'll see you next time on the muppet show. the teeterinis jump around, the mutations slap each other, and the scene ends in chaos as the credits roll. watch out. a teeterini brother lands in the balcony. they wave a white flag. we surrender. ) )