contents  hey. you cockroaches wanna take up stamp collectin'. well, here's one to start with.  heh heh. mac enters with a guitar case. hey. who are you. i'm mac davis. uh, kermit asked me to be his guest star tonight. mac davis. that's right you're the famous singer, songwriter, actor, countrywestern star. mac then shows off another talent: tapdancing. heh heh. and tapdancer. that's great. well, it ain't great, but it sure keeps the cockroaches away.  it's the muppet show, with our very special guest star, mac davis. yaaayyy. the curtain opens, and the theme begins. when gonzo blows his trumpet, a turkey scares him away. main stage. kermit enters to applause. thank you, thank you and welcome again to the muppet show. and it's going to be a great show tonight, because our special guest is that great recording star, composer and singer, mr. mac davis.  yes. but before we meet mac, here is another opening number. fozzie bear, link hogthrob, scooter, lew zealand, gonzo and rizzo the rat sing "another opening, another show" as stagehands beauregard and beaker get tangled in the ropes offstage and drop curtains and backdrops in front of them.  well, that stopped them.  another opening, another  will you get outta here. okay, nicely coped, gang. i'm sorry about the mixup. oh, that was terrifying. every time it went wrong, i thought "this is it. curtains.  yeah, and it was beaker's fault.  beaker and beau drag a machine past kermit. what is this thing, anyhow. oh, this is new from muppet labs. it's our snazzy new copying machine. and fortunately, my assistant beaker is eager to test it. wha. well  sooner him than me.   oh, beaker, a copying machine is completely harmless. beauregard looks into the machine. a green light flashes, stunning him. beaker runs away in horror, and a picture of beauregard slides out of the slot on the other end. well, mr. beauregard, it looks like you've seen the light. beauregard faints. main stage. kermit enters. okay, it is guest star time, folks, so things are definitely getting better out here. so here he is now, one of the kings of countrywestern music, ladies and gentlemen, the one and only mr. mac davis. yaaayy. the curtain opens on an undersea setting. mac is lowered on a giant fishhook. he sings to miss piggy. girl, you're gettin' that look in your eyes, and it's starting to worry me. 'cause i ain't ready for no family ties. nobody's gonna hurry me. so let's keep it friendly, girl, 'cause i don't want to leave. don't start clinging to me, girl, 'cause i can't breathe. baby, baby, don't get hooked on me. baby, baby, don't get hooked on me. 'cause i'll just use you, then i'll set you free. baby, baby don't get hooked on me. yoohoo. mac. what, miss piggy. you know, mackie, i do think you're kind of cute. aww. you really think so. well  there's something about you. all the curly hair, the physique  the flippers, right.  that's it. i'm really into flippers, mac. y'know  paint yourself green, and you might be my kinda guy.  girl, you're a hot blooded woman, it's true.  it's nice when you're touching moi. aww, miss piggy. but i'm afraid i'll end up leaving you blue. it brings out so much in moi. girl, don't let your life get tangled up with mine. if that's the way you feel, then buster, just get off this line. baby, baby, don't get hooked on me. piggy, piggy, don't get hooked on me. 'cause i'll just use you then i'll set you free. baby, baby don't get hooked on me. she swims away. applause.  yeah. was that a topical song. no, topical fish. they chuckle. mac and the fish pass by kermit. okay, great number. nice number, mac. oh, thanks, kermit. you know, that's the secret to good songwriting. what's that. you gotta have a strong hook. mac winces at the unfunny joke and goes upstairs.  yeah. he walks away. piggy watches as mac goes upstairs. there go two great sets of flippers. beaker taps her on the shoulder. she shrieks.  beaker, i told you never to talk to me like that. he sighs and walks away. because i can't understand it. out of curiosity, beaker looks inside the copier. the light glows, and beaker goes blind. the machine sucks him in. uh, beauregard, could you get this machine onstage. muppet labs is next.  muppet labs onstage please. come on, beau, move it, move it. i'm trying. beauregard wheels the machine onstage just in time. dr. bunsen honeydew, here at muppet labs, where the future is being made today. and what a sad day it is, too, for beaker, my fickle and wayward assistant, has gone missing. he hears beaker's voice from inside the machine. so i guess i'll have to demonstrate muppet labs' new copying machine a la carte. he presses a button. the machine whirrs, and beaker pops out. beaker. what were you doing in there. if you've broken that machine, i shall have to dock your salary. more and more meeping beakers pop out of the machine and surround him. beaker. ... you're beside yourself. three, four, five  aaah. i've only got one thing to say: help. he runs away. the beakers follow him. backstage, mac tunes his guitar. link approaches him. howdy, mac. well, howdy, link. you got a few minutes for a fellow star.  sure, link. yeah  the beakers chase bunsen past them. watch it. watch it. you're getting dust on my expensive, but tasteful, outfit. you know, that is a mighty tasteful outfit. i like it. oh, well, thank you. i just threw it on. actually, i'm good at that.  you're not bad at layin' it on, either.  why, thank you. y'know, i just wanted to tell you, be sure and watch me in the police sketch that's coming up. okay. you're pretty good, huh. "good" is not the word. yeah, i can believe that. "terrific" is more the word. well, y'know something, link. i've always thought that you had a certain, uh  a certain je ne sais quoi. yeah, i know exactly what it is. animal magnetism. yeah. you can say that again.  uh, y'know, i've got a song that's just absolutely perfect for you. i'm gonna sing it for you. sing along if you'd like. oh, lord, it's hard to be humble, when you're perfect in every way. you too, huh. i can't wait to look in the mirror  yeah. 'cause i get better looking each day. to know me is to love me. mm. well, i must be a hell of a man. oh, lord, it's hard to be humble, but i'm doing the best that i can. i know exactly what you mean. i bet you do. i used to have a girlfriend, but i guess she just couldn't compete, with all of these lovestarved women, who keep clamoring at my feet. well, i probably could find me another, but i guess they're all in awe of me who cares. i never get lonesome, 'cause i treasure my own company. oh, lord, it's hard to be humble, when you're perfect in every way. i can't wait to look in the mirror, 'cause i get better looking each day. to know him is to love him. well, he must be a hell of a pig. oh, lord, it's hard to be humble, when you're blessed with a talent this big. oh come on, everybody, join in. the other muppets gather around and join him. oh, lord, it's hard to be humble   when you're perfect in every way.  i can't wait to look in the mirror, 'cause i get better looking each day.  to know me is to love me.  i must be a hell of a man.  oh, lord, it's hard to be humble   we're doing the best that we can.  we're doing the best that we can.  applause. mac and the muppets chatter as the beakers look on. rowlf, sitting at the piano, finishes lighting the candelabra. he blows out the match and discards it. and now, ladies and gentlemen, i would like to play at this time,   "liebster, yayzu mein verlanger"  by johann sebastian batch. er  that's "bach". woof woof. he opens the piano and begins playing "jesu, joy of man's desiring". as he plays, beauregard comes onstage with a bucket. he sets the bucket down, then fetches his mop. beauregard, what are you doing. oh, i promised kermit i would clean. you can't clean out here. well  i'll clean back there, then. rowlf continues playing. beau rubs the piano with a rag and sprays an aerosol can. beau. i'm only dusting.  get outta here.  rowlf continues playing. beau starts dusting the piano's insides. i'm only featherdusting. he accidentally knocks the piano lid shut. rowlf facepalms. applause. oh no  oh no. i'm going to oxford.  open on the chef dancing with two wooden ladles.   brk brk brk. he tosses the ladles.   de lttce sp.  he lifts the lid off the pot and does a take when he sees bunsen inside. oh, please, mr. chef, sir. i'm hiding in here. my assistant beaker is ganging up on me. the chef is approached by beaker. bunsen hides.   the chef directs the beakers elsewhere. bunsen peeks out, and one of the beakers spies him. h. h n. the beakers chase the pot around the kitchen. the scene ends in chaos. mac sings and hambones. poor boy don't need 'lectronics to make no rock n roll. poor boy got boogie woogie born right in his soul. there's a knock on the door. come in. the beaker gang enters. oh, great. you must be the background singers i sent for. i sure hope you're all in good voice today. the beakers tune up. wait, wait, wait. hold it  hold it. i tell you what  instead of singing along, why don't you just "eef" along with me. i'll show you what i'm talking about   poor boy got rhythm. poor boy got blues. poor boy got boogie woogie born right in his shoes. now watch this   now you do it. the beakers faint. oh well. at least i don't have to listen to 'em sing anymore. the opening sequence plays. and now  ridding the world of evil, here comes bear on patrol. open on link reading a gunfighter comic book. fozzie brings beaker in. all right, you, c'mon. c'mon. go, go, go  sir. i just booked this person on an 803. oh. he could get twenty years for that. yes, sir. what's an 803. sir, it's making funny noises in public.  make that twentyfive years. did you read him his rights. uh  no, not yet, sir.  okay. listen  you have the right to remain silent.  sir, i don't think he understands. uh, let me handle it.  you have the right to remain stupid. ha ha ha ha ha. lock him up, patrol bear. yes, sir. alright, you, you move into that jail cell, you. that's it. get in there. all right. another beaker enters, carrying a briefcase. patrol bear. i told you to lock him up. bu but, but sir, i did. beaker #2 sets the briefcase down. yeah, but  well, wait, wait, look  the briefcase.  it must be his lawyer.  what's he saying. i don't know. who understands lawyer talk. lock him up, patrol bear. yes, sir. get in there, you. get in there. two more beakers enter and walk up to link. all right, both of you, just stay there. patrol bear, they've escaped. but  but they haven't. look. they're in there. uh  uh  it must be mirrors. i'd like a head count. now bring those two outta there. yes, sir. alright, you two, get out there. let's get a head count. c'mon. move it. everybody line up. c'mon, line up. this is serious business. alright, one, two, three, four  five, six, seven  eight. uh  we'd better run for it, patrol bear. yes. aaahhaha. they flee for the cell and lock themselves in.  well, we're safe here. that was quick thinking. well, that's why i'm sergeant. the beakers pop up and surround the two, who scream. bunsen wanders backstage wearing a disguise. beakers pop up in various places, but when he looks around for them, they duck out of sight. kermit taps him on the shoulder. uh, excuse me   uh, the mustachetwirling contest has been canceled this week. shhh. i am not what i appear to be, mr. kermit. it is really i, dr. bunsen honeydew, and i'm hiding from my assistant beakers. well  why are all of him mad at you. i don't know. i've always been a regular sweetie to each of him.  mmm. well, the secret of your identity is safe with me. the beakers pop up and surround them. uh, i think i'd better, uh, introduce mac davis.  excuse me.   main stage. kermit enters. and now, ladies and gentlemen, once again, our very special guest star, mr. mac davis. yaaaay. the muppet show band plays a fanfare as mac comes out to applause. thank you. y'know, i've had a wonderful time doing the muppet show tonight. but there's a part of  of the show that never seems to get enough attention, as far as i'm concerned. i'm gonna take care of that right now  i want a big round of applause for the band. applause. yay. that's nice of you to notice, mac. nice mac. nice mac. yeah, that's mighty big of you. big mac. big mac. ha ha ha ha ha ha.  would you guys join in with me on a song i wrote a long time ago. i sure would appreciate it. oh, it'd be our pleasure, mac. you lay it down, we'll pick it up. mac sings "i believe in music". it's a number that even statler and waldorf can get into. during the number, the band is slowly replaced by beakers. now what do we believe in, audience. let me hear you real loud. love. i believe in you.  i believe in you two. he kisses one on the nose, and begins imitating them. okay. well, that's just about the end of another magical muppet medley of mirth and misery. but before we go, let us say thank you to a very special guest star, ladies and gentlemen  the beakers surround him. wait a minute  where's mac davis. mac davis. here i am, kermit. here i am. oh. yaaayy. applause. mac drags bunsen onstage. bunsen wears a beaker disguise. i want you to know it's been a real pleasure doing your show. i really have enjoyed it. oh, good. but uh, who is this. oh  this guy i caught in my dressing room. i thought he looked suspicious. why. well, he's wearing a disguise. see. he reveals bunsen's face, and the beakers begin chasing bunsen.  bunsen. what are you doing, bunsen. uh, well, we'll see you next time on the muppet show. what's going on. the chase continues as the closing theme begins. the multiple beakers take over all of the band's instruments, and they appear in the balcony in place of statler and waldorf. ) )