contents pops fiddles with a transistor radio, but only gets static. aw, drat this thing. never works. i'm gonna miss my favorite program. he puts his ear to the radio as johnny enters. hi, pops.  who's that. i'm johnny cash. i sing and play a little guitar.  how about that. johnny cash is on the radio. i'm not on the radio. what. i can't hear ya. why don't you turn the volume up. oh, okay.  can you hear better now. yeah. it's like he's right here in the room with me. johnny grins and shrugs. it's the muppet show, with our very special guest star, johnny cash. yaaaay. the curtain opens, and the theme begins. a duck bites gonzo on the nose. main stage. kermit enters to applause, wearing a cowboy outfit. thank you, thank you, thank you and howdee.  tonight, the muppet show goes countrywestern, and our guest star is the king of countrywestern music, mr. johnny cash.  yes. and as an added surprise, the show is going to be broadcast live over radio station whog. a bell is heard, and kermit is surrounded by the whog singers.  w   . love us like an old hound dog, we're country radio. w   . uh, why are you guys doing that. we're not even broadcasting yet.  we're just rehearsing.  off, off, off. get out, get out, get out, get out, get out, get out. uh, uh, uh, 'scuse me. what. just fixin' to check the sound. huh.  testing. 12, a boy named sue. 34, there ain't no more.  uh, yeah. terrific. now can i start the show. oh, you can't start. we ain't broadcasting yet. well, i can't help that. uh, ladies and gentlemen, before our radio broadcast actually begins, here's a great country group. they used to be enemies, but uh, well, i'll let 'em tell their own story, so here they are, the martins and the coys. yaaaayy. open on a barn. a group of hillbillies sing "the martins and the coys", but the song ends abruptly with a violent gunfight. one hillbilly aims from the balcony. you all right, jake. the hillbilly fires at the stage.  i can really bushwhack 'em from up here. are you a martin or a coy. neither one. i'm a music lover. statler and waldorf laugh. the hillbilly fires again and laughs. more shots are fired backstage as the hillbillies walk by. kermit is now sans costume. no shooting in the theater.  no fighting in the theater, either. hey, that opening number bombed. well, no bombing in the theater. boom. a bomb explodes right behind him. billy yelps. uh, now listen. uh, what's all this stuff doing on my desk. well, mr. frog, you said we could broadcast from y'all's theater. i said you could put a microphone on the stage. eesh.  now, fozzie bear on next. fozzie bear. well, you see, your microphone, it feeds into your preamp here, then you got your mixin' board and your patch panels. yeah. well, what's this wire here about. fozzie makes his way to the stage, but snags his neck on the wire and falls down. hahahaha  whoa. about neck high. uh, fozzie, are you okay. uh, could you please postpone my act, kermit. i got a little sore throat.   uh, johnny cash. johnny cash on stage, please. uh, now when are you gonna start this broadcast of yours. eh whenever big tiny tallsaddle gets here. tiny arrives, strumming an acoustic guitar. howdy, howdy, frogs and neighbors. here he is. big tiny tallsaddle here atalkin' at'cha. okay, billy boy, y'all saddle up. let's climb aboard ol' paint n' get this here roundup agoin'. oh, you betcha, big tiny. uh, translate for me. does that mean you're about to broadcast. yeah. okay, i'll introduce johnny cash.  who's that little green feller. well, i think he's called gonzo the frog. main stage. kermit enters to a fanfare. okay. and now it's time to introduce our very special guest, one of countrywestern music's alltime great stars, ladies and gentlemen, here he  step aside there, gonzo, this is the big time.  you're on, big tiny. a bell is heard, and the singers reemerge.  w   . one to get ready, two to go, on the big tiny tallsaddle show. yes sir. thank you, thank you, howdy, friends and neighbors. this is big tiny tallsaddle comin' at'cha from radio station whog, whog, where everybody has a swill time. and tonight we're broadcastin' live from   what's the name of this theater.  uh, this is the muppet theater, and this is  yeah, right  from the muffin theater. now let's kick things off with an old buddy o' mine, mr. johnny cash. uh, mr. johnny cash. yaaaayy. johnny sings "riders in the sky" while gonzo runs around the stage as an outlaw. if men that ride horses are called cowboys, what do you call chickens that ride cows. stupid. they chuckle. ah, thank you, thank you, johnny cash. now that's what i call a real country classic. uh, 'scuse me, i think i'm on next. you. why, you're a dog. yep, ever since i was a pup.  go bury a bone. huh. git.  woof.  all right.  and now, that great oldtime country act, grampaw mcguire and his whistlin' bricks. kermit approaches him, frowning. you're not grampaw mcguire. i sent him home. listen, i'm the one that says what goes on and what doesn't go on on this show. let's have a big hand for this little feller  he's gonna show off his champeen ship style, that won him the calaveras county frogjumping contest. what. i  i am not. i have never been in any frog jumping contest in my life. billy boy. you got them redhot marbles. what. sure do, big tiny. he pours them on the floor, next to kermit. kermit starts yelping and hopping offstage as music plays. let's hear it for the frogjumpin' champ. ha ha. kermit makes his way backstage. ooh. that big tiny tallsaddle is driving me crazy. he won't even let me stay on my own stage. careful what you say about big tiny.  i will not be careful. he makes me mad. he makes me angry. kermit, why are you getting so angry. well, that big tiny tallsaddle  i promised him he could do his radio show here, but he acts like he owns this theater. big tiny tallsaddle is as tough as a 25cent steak. he can't be that bad. a metallic sound is heard, and billy boy emerges with the microphone stand wrapped around him. all i did was drop big tiny's geetar pick.  it's gettin' worse. all right. and so the show goes on here at mighty hog radio. a bell is heard, and the singers reemerge.  for that fingerlickin' country sound, out in the boonies and far around, it's w   . all right. what's next. uh, lew zealand and the gills brothers.  yeah, well, they'd better be good, frog. i got plenty of these microphone stands left, you know.  yyeah, uh, ladies and gentlemen, lew zealand. yaaaayy. the curtain opens on lew. sometimes i do what i wanna. heh  sometimes i do what i ought. sometimes i feel a great notion to jump in a net and get caught. everybody. goodnight, sardine goodnight, sardine goodnight, sardine, goodnight, sardine, i'll see you in my stream. last saturday night i got married. didn't even let mom and dad know. but my soulmate got hooked on an earthworm, and all i've got left is shallow. oh, stop foundering. stop your floundering. oh, you need a new porpoise in life. heh heh. don't do what that sturgeon is urgin'. go home to your swellfish wife. oh. so  goodnight, sardine goodnight, sardine goodnight, sardine, goodnight, sardine, i'll see you in my stream. applause. poor soul. he lost his sardine. well, finders kippers. they chuckle. rowlf sits at a piano. okay, well, moving right along with our evening of countrywestern music, ladies and gentlemen, once again, mr. johnny cash. yeah. applause as johnny emerges with a guitar and sits on the stool. thank you. thank you very much.  thank you. i'd like to make a special dedication now. i would like to do a song especially for big tiny tallsaddle.  it's his favorite song, and it goes something like this. yeah, 'scuse me, john, but uh, can i play the piano on this song. well, i really don't think i need an accompanist on this song, thank you. oh, that's okay, that  that's what i'm here for. what are you gonna sing. well, i don't think  i don't think you know this song. well, what key is it in. well, it's in aflat. okay, well, just give me an a and i'll flatten it myself.  they begin playing. you just sing, and i'm gonna follow right along. okay, but don't say i didn't warn you. okay. just jump in any time, now. well, he's not very handsome to look at. aw, he's shaggy and he eats like a hog. and he's always killin' my chickens. who's that. that dirty old eggsuckin' dog.  wha. here comes the chorus, now. eggsuckin' dog  this is terrible. i'm gonna stomp your head in the ground  oh no. if you don't stay out of my hen house, you dirty old eggsuckin' hound. yeah, but that's a lie. i never touched a chicken in my life. i can't stand 'em. they're nasty, scrawny ol' things. oh, it's nothing personal, it's just a song. if he don't stop eatin' my eggs up, though i'm not a real bad guy, i'm going to take my riffle and send him to that great chicken house in the sky. everybody sing. the jug huggers join him. eggsuckin' dog, i'm gonna stomp your head in the ground  they wouldn't do that. if you don't stay out of my hen house, you dirty old eggsuckin' hound. the song concludes. applause. i told you, i don't like chickens. i hate chickens. i heard that. get him, girls. gonzo's hens attack rowlf. hey, you know how dogs like their eggs cooked. no. pooched.  whoa, billy boy, this here radio broadcast is gonna be a hit. well, it's a dud for us dogs. and an insult to the poultry of the world. huh. uh, fozzie, if you're okay, i'll introduce you. yes. hold back there, gonzo the frog, who you gon' introduce.  no, no  the name is kermit. okay, the bear's name is kermit. i got it. what does he do. well, if you must know, he's the comic. ahha. sorry. only one comic works the big tiny tallsaddle show  my nephew, wild wally whoopee. what. another comic  listen, on the muppet show, fozzie bear is the comic.  yes.  fozzie and kermit bear. what is it, a brother act. main stage. kermit approaches the microphone. okay, folks, it's comedy time, and here is our own fozzie  hold on, little green buddy. which comic you introducin'. i was introducing our own comedian  yes, folks, and here he is, that wild wit of the west, wonderful wally whoopee. fozzie bear. yaaayyy. the curtain opens. fozzie and wally take the stage. hiya hiya hiya. thank you. thank you. howdy, friends. wonderful wally whoopee here and  whoa nelly. you folks watching on the radio won't believe this, but i am standing next to a wild bear. oh, no, no, sir, i  i'm not a wild  well. i mean, i'm a bear, bbut i'm not wild. aww. listen, i don't blame ya. i'm not wild about bears either.  i  i am a comedian. a comedian. yes. do you know the most important thing about being a comedian. no, what's the most impo  timing.  let's hear one of your jokes, comedian. oh, all right. ahem.  ahem. see, this walrus, he goes into the theater, and all of a sudden  hey, you're not nervous, are you. well  a little bit, yeah. but this walr a little. why folks, he's as nervous as a frog on a freeway with his hopper busted.  just go ahead with your little story, now. thank you. this walrus, see  and don't be nervous. fine. this walrus this better be good, folks.  what's the matter. cat got your joke.  listen, why don't you forget about being a comedian  why don't you learn how to ride a bicycle and join the circus. oh, no, no  i wanna get laughs. fall off the bike.  listen. you've been a great stooge, and to show you what kinda guy wally whoopee is, i'm invitin' you up to my ranch for the weekend.  you mean  oh, wow. thank you. thank you. yes, i just want you to go up there and relax. yeah. just stretch out on the floor and take it easy. on the floor. yes  my regular rug's at the cleaners.  thank you. thank you. keep them fires runnin' for me. yes indeed, we'll see you soon at the trick bone lodge.  the curtain closes. all riiiiight. let's hear it for the funniest man west of west of the pecos, wally whoopee. c'mon out, wally. a fanfare plays as wally bows and exits. ha ha. hey, good man. and while we're at it, let's have a murmur of sympathy, for that poor sap, fozzie bear.  okay, that does it. huh. listen. how dare you say things like that about my friend fozzie. fozzie peeks from behind the curtain.  this bear is one of the stars of the muppet show. he's loving and friendly. uh, funny. uh  he's dedicated, loyal, trustworthy  funny. uh  handsome, generous, sweet, gentle, charming  funny. and very, very funny. applause. fozzie's fanfare plays and he comes out blowing kisses. thank you.  ha ha.   yes. now, tallsaddle, just get out of the theater. what. you heard me. my friends and i work hard every week to do a good show, and we don't need your kind around being mean and cruel.  speakin' of bein' cruel, i have this little trick i like to do, with necks and microphone stands  wait a minute, mr. tallsaddle. i was just out in the alley, and some kids were letting the air out of your horse. huh. my horse.  hey  hey, you kids get away from that horse. that's a brandnew horse. lock the door, beau.  okay. clang. the door shuts. letting the air out of his horse. well, it's all i could think of. whatever. scooter, listen, you got rid of tallsaddle. i can't thank you enough. oh. gee, kermit, i don't need thanks. 'course, i could use some cash.  well. of course you could use some cash. cash is exactly what we all need. so let's just sit back and enjoy the music of the one and only johnny cash. yaaaayyy. no, but you see, i  scooter, will you get outta here. yaaaay. the curtain opens on johnny and the jug huggers. everybody make like a train now. they make chugging noises. johnny plays the harmonica and sings a passage from "orange blossom special". after a harmonica solo, he sings a passage from "jackson", joined by a wellprepared miss piggy. they all conclude with a final chorus of "orange blossom", as a train enters the stage. applause. okay. well, it looks like we've come down to the end of the line, but before we go, let us have a big round of applause for our guest star, ladies and gentlemen, johnny cash. yaaaayyy. yes. yeah. thank you. thank you, kermit. it's been my pleasure. i really enjoyed being with you. well, we had a good time too, once we got rid of big tiny tallsaddle.  hey you. looks like you spoke too soon. uhhh, listen, big tiny, i thought i told you  now, take it easy, gonzo. i've just come back to borrow your bicycle pump. what. well, i gotta pump up ol' paint 'fore they tow him away. pump up ol' paint. ii'll explain later. uh, we'll see you next time on the muppet show. the chatter continues as the credits roll. what kind of show would you call that. frankly, i'd call it quits. pause. quits. quits. they chuckle. ) )