absolutely not. the yuyan archers stay here. your request is denied, commander zhao. colonel shinu, please reconsider ... their precision is legendary. the yuyan can pin a fly to a tree from one hundred yards away ... without killing it.  you're wasting their talents using them as mere security guards. i can do whatever i want with their talents, they're my archers, and what i say goes. but my search for the avatar is  is nothing but a vanity project. we're fighting a real war here, and i need every man i've got, commander. but.  that's final. i don't wanna hear another word about it.  news from fire lord ozai.  it appears i've been promoted to admiral. my request ... is now an order.  this should bring your fever down. you know what i love about appa the most. his sense of humor. that's nice. i'll tell him.  classic appa. how's sokka doing. not so good, being out in that storm really did a number on him. i couldn't find any ginger root for the tea. but i found a map. there's an herbalist institute on top of that mountain. we could probably find a cure for sokka there. aang, he's in no condition for travel. sokka just needs more rest. i'm sure he'll be better by tomorrow.  not you too. relax, it was just a little cough. i'm fi  that's how sokka started yesterday. now look at him. he thinks he's an earthbender.  take that, you rock.  a few more hours and you'll be talking nonsense, too. i'm going to go find some medicine.  uh, maybe it's safer if i go on foot.  keep an eye on them guys.  ha, ha. you guys are killing me. we haven't been able to pick up the avatar's trail since the storm, but if we continue heading northeast ...  what do they want. perhaps, a sporting game of pai sho.  the hunt for the avatar has been given prime importance. all information regarding the avatar must be reported directly to admiral zhao. zhao has been promoted. well, good for him.   i've got nothing to report to admiral zhao. now get off my ship and let us pass. admiral zhao is not allowing ships in or out of this area. off my ship.  excellent. i take the pot.  but you're all improving. i'm certain you will win if we play again.  says here that the avatar can create tornadoes and run faster than the wind. pretty amazing. ah, that's just a bunch of fire lord propaganda. there's no way that's true.  katara, please, water.  listen carefully, momo.  i need you to take this to the river, and fill it with water.  got it.   hello, i'm sorry to barge in like this, but i need some medicine for my friends, they have fevers and they were coughing settle down, young man. your friends are going to be fine. i've been up here for over forty years you know, used to be others, but they all left years ago.  now it's just me and miyuki. that's nice. wounded earth kingdom troops still come by now and again, brave boys, and thanks to my remedies they always leave in better shape they when they arrive. that's nice. are you almost done. hold on, i just need to add one last ingredient.  oh, sandalwood ... oh, er, uh, that won't do, banana leaf. ah, nope, uh, ginger root, uh uh, oh where is that pesky little plant. is everything okay. it's been almost an hour and you haven't given the men an order. i don't care what they do. don't give up hope yet. you can still find the avatar before zhao.  how, uncle. with zhao's resources, it's just a matter of time before he captures the avatar.  my honor, my throne, my country, i'm about to lose them all. ah. plum blossom.   finally.  thanks for all your help. hands off. ow.  what do you think you're doing.  taking the cure to my friends.  this isn't a cure. it's miyuki's dinner. plum blossom is her favorite. what about my friends. well, all they need are some frozen wood frogs. there's plenty down in the valley swamp.  what am i supposed to do with frozen frogs. why, suck on them of course.  suck on them. the frog skin excretes a substance that will cure your friends. be sure to get plenty because once those little critters thaw out, they're useless. you're insane, aren't you.  that's right. well, don't stand there all day. go. uh ... i think you dropped this ...  a frog. so this is the great avatar. master of all the elements. i don't know how you've managed to elude the fire nation for a hundred years, but your little game of hide and seek is over.  i've never hidden from you. untie me and i'll fight you right now. uhh, no. tell me, how does it feel to be the only airbender left. do you miss your people.  don't worry, you won't be killed like they were.  see, if you die you will just be reborn and the fire nation would have to start searching all over again. so i'll keep you alive, but just barely.  blow all the wind you want, but your situation is futile. there is no escaping this fortress, and no one is coming to rescue you.  water ...  momo should be back any minute.  ugh. no, momo, water. water.  aang, what in the world is taking you so long. all clear. all clear. go on in. we are the sons and daughters of fire, the superior element. until today only one thing stood our path to victory, the avatar. i am here to tell you that he is now my prisoner.  this is the year sozin's comet returns to grant us its power.  this is the year the fire nation breaks through the walls of ba sing se and burns the city to the ground.  what. no. don't leave, frogs. my friends are sick and they need you. please go back to being frozen. who are you. what's going on. are you here to rescue me.  i'll take that as a "yes." my frogs. come back. and stop thawing out.  wait. my friends need to suck on those frogs.  how many times do i have to tell you, momo. we need water, water. oh forget it. aang, please, hurry.  who's this "aang" kid you keep talking about, your highness.  i want a full transcription of my speech sent to the fire lord, along with glowing testimonials from all of the ranking officers present, and  sir, should i hold off sending that speech to the fire lord. there, on the wall.  the avatar has escaped. close all the gates immediately.  stay close to me. take this. jump on my back. give me the next one. hold your fire. the avatar must be captured alive.  open the gate. admiral, what are you doing. let them out, now. how could you let them go. a situation like this requires ... precision. do you have a clear shot. knock out the thief. i'll deliver him to the fire lord along with the avatar. quick. recover the avatar.  you know what the worst part of being born over a hundred years ago is. i miss all the friends i used to hang out with. before the war started, i used to always visit my friend kuzon. the two of us, we'd get in and out of so much trouble together. he was one of the best friends i ever had, and he was from the fire nation, just like you. if we knew each other back then, do you think we could have been friends, too. where have you been, prince zuko. you missed music night. lieutenant jee sang a stirring love song. i'm going to bed. no disturbances. suck on these. they'll make you feel better.  aang, how was your trip. did you make any new friends. no, i don't think i did. mmmm. this is tasty. mmm. ) )