nice try, pupil sangok.  a couple of more years and you might be ready to fight a sea sponge.  would anyone care for a rematch with katara.  katara, you've advanced more quickly than any student i've ever trained.  you have proven that with fierce determination, passion and hard work, you can accomplish anything.  raw talent alone is not enough.  pupil aang.  yes, master pakku.  care to step into the sparring circle. i figure since you've found time to play with house pets, you must have already mastered waterbending.  i wouldn't say mastered, but check this out. so they don't have palaces in the southern tribe.  are you kidding. i grew up in a block of ice. it's not exactly a cultural hub.  sokka, this is wrong.  what's wrong. we're taking a walk.  i'm engaged. it just feels ...  i know what you need.  you need to meet my good friend, appa.  who.  appa and i go way back, don't we, boy.  ah, ah, easy. down boy. agh. no, up. looks like you haven't been giving appa enough attention.  so, how does this work. you holding on tight.  yip ...  yip.  oh ... my ... goodness.  wow, i can't believe you do this every day.  yeah, we pretty much live up here. is it always this cold in the sky.   not when you're with someone.  it's beautiful up here. yeah ...  woo, yeah. ahhh, good times, good times.  hey, look.  what's happening.  oh no ...  soot. what. i've seen this before, right before my village was attacked. it's soot mixed with snow.  but, why.  it's the fire nation.  they've closed in on the north pole and from the looks of this stuff,  i'd say there's a lot of them.  this will truly be one for the history books, general iroh.  just think, centuries from now, people will study the great admiral zhao, who destroyed the last of the water tribe civilization. you're lucky you're here to see it.  be careful what you wish for, admiral. history is not always kind to its subjects. i suppose you speak from experience, but rest assured. this will be nothing like your legendary failure at ba sing se.   i hope not, for your sake. tell the captains to prepare for first strike.  we'll be landing soon. do you have a plan.  i'm working on it, uncle.   what's wrong.  we have to go.  no, sokka, wait, i can't see you anymore. not at all.  what. we're just friends. i wish we could just be friends, but i like you too much and it's too confusing to be around you. i'm marrying someone else.  you don't love him, do you. you don't even seem to like him. but i do love my people.  you're not marrying them.  you don't understand. i have duties to my father, to my tribe. i have to do this. goodbye. the day we have feared for so long has arrived. the fire nation is on our doorstep. it is with great sadness i call my family here before me, knowing well that some of these faces are about to vanish from our tribe,  but they will never vanish from our hearts. now, as we approach the battle for our existence, i call upon the great spirits. spirit of the ocean. spirit of the moon. be with us. i'm going to need volunteers for a dangerous mission.  count me in. sokka ... be warned, many of you will not return.  come forward to receive my mark, if you accept the task. the stillness before battle is unbearable. such a quiet dread. i wasn't there when the fire nation attacked my people.  i'm going to make a difference this time. yipyip.  katara. i'll take it from here, boy.  appa. thanks for the rescue, buddy.  you've got to be kidding me ... men, you'll be infiltrating the fire nation navy. that means you'll all need one of these uniforms.  what's your problem. fire navy uniforms don't look like that.  of course they do. these are real uniforms captured from actual fire navy soldiers.  when, like, a hundred years ago. eightyfive.  the fire nation doesn't wear shoulder spikes anymore. the newer uniforms are more streamlined. how do we know we can trust this guy.  such bold talk for a new recruit. sokka is from our sister tribe, hahn. he's a capable warrior and i value his input.  now, our first objective is to determine the identity of their commanding officer. his name is zhao. middleaged,  big sideburns, bigger temper ... sokka, i want you to tell everything you know to hahn. he's leading this mission. hahn, show sokka your respect.  i expect nothing less from my future soninlaw.  princess yue's marrying you.  yeah, what of it.  nothing. congratulations.  stop those fireballs. it's almost twilight, admiral. as your military consultant, i must advise you to halt your attack.  the waterbenders draw their power from the moon, and it is nearly full tonight. you should wait and resume the attack at daybreak.  oh, i'm well aware of the moon problem and i am working on a solution. but for now, daybreak it is. they've stopped firing. aang.  i can't do it ... i can't do it. what happened.  i must have taken out a dozen fire navy ships, but there's just too many of them. i can't fight them all.  but, you have to. you're the avatar.  i'm just one kid. if you're fishing for an octopus my nephew, you need a tightly woven net, or he will squeeze through the tiniest hole and escape. i don't need your wisdom right now, uncle. i'm sorry. i just nag you, because ... well,  ever since i lost my son ... uncle, you don't have to say it. ... i think of you as my own.  i know, uncle. we'll meet again.  after i have the avatar.  remember your breath of fire. it could save your life out there. i will.  and put your hood up. keep your ears warm. i'll be fine.  let me tell you sokka, i've courted a lot of girls, but yue is the finest and she comes with the most perks.  perks. what does that mean. i mean, yue's nice and everything, but the points i'll gain with the chief aren't bad either.  princess yue is wasted on a selfabsorbed weasel like you.  whoa, hang on. what do you care.  you're just a simple rube from the southern tribe. what would you know of the political complexities of our life.  no offense.  you're just a jerk without a soul, no offense. that's enough. sokka, you're off the mission. all right, fall in men. everybody listen to what i say and we'll take out this admiral ch in no time.  it's admiral zhao.  where are they going.  they're coming up for air somewhere.  the legends say the moon was the first waterbender.  our ancestors saw how it pushed and pulled the tides and learned how to do it themselves. i've always noticed my waterbending is stronger at night. our strength comes from the spirit of the moon. our life comes from the spirit of the ocean.  they work together to keep balance.  the spirits.  maybe i can find them and get their help. how can you do that.  the avatar is the bridge between our world and the spirit world. aang can talk to them.  maybe they'll give you the wisdom to win this battle.  or maybe they'll unleash a crazy amazing spirit attack on the fire nation.  or wisdom. that's good, too. the only problem is, last time you got to the spirit world by accident. how are you going to get there this time. i have an idea. follow me.  so, is this the way to the spirit world.  no. you'll have to get there on your own.  but i can take you to the most spiritual place in the entire north pole.   i never thought i'd miss grass this much.  it's so warm here. how is that possible. it's the center of all spiritual energy in our land. you're right, yue. i can feel ... something. it's so tranquil.   be quiet. is something wrong, sokka.  oh, no. hahn's out there on the topsecret mission while i'm here sharpening my boomerang. everything's fine. listen to me. i took you off the mission for selfish reasons. i have a special task in mind for you. what, you want me to scrub the barracks. i want you to guard my daughter, princess yue.  oh ... sure. that ... shouldn't be too hard. why is he sitting like that. he's meditating, trying to cross over into the spirit world.  it takes all his concentration. is there any way we can help.  how about some quiet. come on guys, i can hear every word you're saying.  is he okay. he's crossing into the spirit world. he'll be fine as long as we don't move his body.  that's his way back to the physical world. maybe we should get some help.  no, he's my friend. i'm perfectly capable of protecting him.  well, aren't you a big girl now.  no ...  yes. hand him over and i won't have to hurt you.  i see you've learned a new trick, but i didn't come this far to lose to you. you little peasant. you've found a master, haven't you. it's daybreak at last. let's write history. you rise with the moon ... i rise with the sun. the water tribe can try to resist the inevitable, but their city will fall today. aang. what happened. where's zuko.  he took aang. he took him right out from under me.  where did they go ... ) )