i can't believe i lost him. you did everything you could, and now we need to do everything we can to get him back.  zuko can't have gotten far. we'll find him. aang's gonna be fine. okay.  it's all right. you stay here, momo, in case aang comes back. yip, yip. hello. i'm sorry to disturb you. i just really need to find the moon and the ocean spirits.  go. away.  you're still here. yes, i need   ohm.  perhaps that thing will help you. chase it.  finally. come back. hello, aang.  roku. shelter.  roku, the water tribe's under attack. i need to find the ocean and the moon spirits.  the ocean and the moon are ancient spirits. they crossed over the spirit world to the mortal world very near the beginning. there is only one spirit i know of who is old enough to remember. who. the spirit's name is koh, but he is very dangerous. they call him the face stealer.  when you speak with him, you must be very careful to show no emotion at all. not the slightest expression, or he will steal your face.  i finally have you, but i can't get you home because of this blizzard.  there's always something. not that you would understand. you're like my sister. everything always came easy to her. she's a firebending prodigy, and everyone adores her. my father says she was born lucky. he says i was lucky to be born. i don't need luck, though. i don't want it. i've always had to struggle and fight and that's made me strong. it's made me who i am. i don't need to remind you we have a time limit. if we don't defeat the water tribe before the full moon rises, they will be undefeatable. i assure you i have everything under control. i intend to remove the moon as a factor.  remove the moon. how. admiral choi. prepare to meet your fate.  as i was saying, years ago i stumble upon a great and powerful secret: the identity of the moon spirit's mortal form. what. i was a young lieutenant serving under general shu in the earth kingdom.  i discovered a hidden library. underground, in fact. i tore through scroll after scroll. one of them contained a detailed illustration, and the words "moon" and "ocean". i knew then that these spirits could be found and killed.  and that it was my destiny to do so.  zhao, the spirits are not to be trifled with. yes, yes ... i know you fear the spirits, iroh. i've heard rumors about your journey into the spirit world. but the ocean and moon gave up their immortality to become a part of our world. and now they will face the consequences. you're just a curly tailed blue nose.  aaahhh.  show no fear. show no emotion at all. hello. ii'm looking for a spirit named 'koh'.  welcome.  thank you.  my old friend, the avatar. it's been a long time. you know me.  how could i forget  you. one of your previous incarnations tried to slay me. nearly eight or nine hundred years ago.  i didn't know that. why did he, or i, try to kill you.  oh, it was something about stealing the face of someone you loved.  of course, that's all behind us. why should i hold a grudge against you for something in a past life. after all, you're a different person now.  you've come to me ... with a new face. guess we'll be here awhile. don't worry, prince zuko can't be getting too far in this weather. i'm not worried they'll get away in the blizzard. i'm worried that they won't. they're not going to die in this blizzard. if we know anything, it's that zuko never gives up. they'll survive, and we'll find them.  it's been a long time since i've added a child's face to my collection.  so ... how may i help you. i need to find the moon and the ocean. their spirit names are tui and la, push and pull. and that has been the nature of their relationship for all time.  please. help me find them. an entire culture could be destroyed if i don't get their help.  oh, you think you need their help.  actually it's quite the other way round.  someone's going to kill them.  what do you mean. how can i find them and protect them.  you've already met them, actually.  tui and la, your moon and ocean, have always circled each other in an eternal dance. they balance each other, push and pull, life and death,  good and evil, yin and yang.  the koi fish.  i must be going now.  we'll meet again. the spirits are in trouble, i need to get back to the physical world.  a friend is here, to guide you back.  hei bai. we'll be following this map to a very special location. and when we get there, we're going fishing.  this is where i came in, but how do i get back.  good riddance. momo.  momo. oh no, where's my body. look, that's gotta be aang. yipyip. welcome back.  it's good to be back.  that won't be enough to escape.  appa.  here for a rematch.  trust me zuko, it's not going to be much of a match. hey, this is some quality rope. we need to get to the oasis. the spirits are in trouble. wait, we can't just leave him here. sure we can. let's go. no, if we leave him he'll die.  yeah, this makes a lot of sense. let's bring the guy who's constantly trying to kill us.  are you okay. i feel faint.  i feel it, too. the moon spirit is in trouble.  i owe the moon spirit my life. what do you mean.  when i was born i was very sick and very weak.  most babies cry when they're born, but i was born as if i was asleep, my eyes closed.  our healers did everything they could.  they told my mother and father i was going to die.  my father pleaded with the spirits to save me.  that night, beneath the full moon, he brought me to the oasis and placed me in the pond.  my dark hair turned white.  i opened my eyes and began to cry, and they knew i would live.  that's why my mother named me yue.  for the moon.  i am ... a legend, now.  the fire nation will, for generations, tell stories about the great zhao, who darkened the moon. they will call me, zhao the conqueror, zhao the moon slayer, zhao the invincible.  ugh ... get it off. get it off. don't bother.   zhao, don't.  it's my destiny, to destroy the moon and the water tribe.  destroying the moon won't hurt just the water tribe.  it will hurt everyone, including you.  without the moon, everything would fall out of balance. you have no idea what kind of chaos that would unleash on the world.   he is right zhao.  general iroh, why am i not surprised to discover your treachery.  i'm no traitor, zhao, the fire nation needs the moon, too. we all depend on the balance. whatever you do to that spirit i'll unleash on you tenfold. let it go, now.  there's no hope now, it's over.  no, it's not over. you're alive.  you tried to have me killed.   yes i did.  you're the blue spirit, an enemy of the fire nation. you freed the avatar. i had no choice.  you should have chosen to accept your failure. you're a disgrace. then, at least, you could have lived.  it's too late, it's dead.  you have been touched by the moon spirit.  some of its life is in you. yes, you're right. it gave me life, maybe i can give it back. no. you don't have to do that.  it's my duty, sokka. i won't let you.  your father told me to protect you.  i have to do this.  no. she's gone, she's gone. goodbye, sokka.  i'll always be with you.  it can't be. take my hand. i've decide to go to the south pole. some other benders and healers want to join me. it's time we helped rebuild our sister tribe. what about aang. he still needs to learn waterbending. well, then he better get used to calling you master katara. the spirits gave me a vision when yue was born. i saw a beautiful, brave, young woman become the moon spirit.  i knew this day would come. you must be proud. so proud ... and sad. i'm surprised prince zuko, surprised that you are not at this moment trying to capture the avatar. i'm tired. then you should rest. a man needs his rest. you too, momo. come here. iroh is a traitor, and your brother zuko is a failure. i have a task for you. ) )