we found a printer to make our posters.  hey, i thought designing the lost appa poster was my job. i've been working all day on my appa.  sokka, the arrow is on appa's head.  this is his head.   why are feet coming out of it.  those are his horns.  i haven't seen him in a while, okay.  it looks just like him to me. thank you, i worked really why do you feel the need to do that. let's just stick with the professional version.  come on, let's get busy.  so, you're the genius behind this incredible brew. the whole city is buzzing about you. i hope pao pays you well. good tea is its own reward. but it doesn't have to be the only reward. how would you like to have your own tea shop.  my own tea shop. this is a dream come true.  what's going on here. are you trying to poach my teamaker. sorry pao, but that's business for you, am i right. mushi, if you stay, i'll make you assistant manager. wait, senior assistant manager. i'll provide you with a new apartment in the upper ring.  the tea shop is yours to do whatever you want,  complete creative freedom. i even get to name the shop. of course. uh, senior executive assistant manager. did you hear, nephew. this man wants to give us our own tea shop in the upper ring of the city. that's right, young man, your life is about to change for the better.  i'll try to contain my joy.  i just finished dropping all the leaflets. has anyone come in with news about appa. it's only been a day. just be patient.  wow, you're right. patience really pays off.  joo dee. hello, aang, and katara, and sokka, and toph.  what happened to you. did the dai li throw you in jail. what. jail. of course not. the dai li are the protectors of our cultural heritage. but you disappeared at the earth king's party. oh, i simply took a short vacation to lake laogai, out in the country. it was quite relaxing. but then they replaced you with some other woman who also said her name was joo dee.  i'm joo dee. why are you here. dropping fliers and putting up posters isn't permitted within the city. not without proper clearance. we can't wait around to get permission for everything. you are absolutely forbidden by the rules of the city to continue putting up posters.  we don't care about the rules and we're not asking permission. we're finding appa on our own and you should just stay out of our way.  that might come back to bite us in the blubber.  i don't care. from now on, we do whatever it takes to find appa. yeah, let's break some rules.  i'm very disappointed in your work with the avatar and his friends, joo dee. i had hoped that you would be able to control this situation. i am so sorry, but they don't trust me anymore.  i don't think i can keep working like this.  joo dee, the earth king has invited you to lake laogai.  i am honored to accept his invitation.  good. now go await further orders.  if the avatar keeps searching for his bison, it could upset the delicate balance we've worked so hard to achieve in this city. it could even cost us control of the earth king. should we take care of him. no. it's much too dangerous for us to confront him directly. let's see if we can still handle this quietly. so, i was thinking about names for my new tea shop. how about the jasmine dragon. it's dramatic, poetic, has a nice ring to it.  the avatar is here in ba sing se and he's lost his bison.  we have a chance for a new life here.  if you start stirring up trouble, we could lose all the good things that are happening for us.  good things that are happening for you. have you ever thought that i want more from life than a nice apartment and a job serving tea. there is nothing wrong with a life of peace and prosperity. i suggest you think about what it is that you want from your life and why. i want my destiny. what that means is up to you.  the tea weevil. no, that's stupid. we'll split up to cover more area. toph, i guess you should just come with me.  why. because you think i can't put up posters on my own..  it's upsidedown, isn't it. i'll just go with sokka. katara.  i think i can help you.  katara, i've changed.  tell it to some other girl, jet.   i don't want to fight you, i'm here to help. katara, what is it. jet's back.  we can't trust anything jet says. but we don't even know why he's here. i don't care why he's here, whatever the reason is, it can't be good. i'm here to help you find appa.   katara, we have to give him a chance. i swear, i've changed. i was a troubled person and i let my anger get out of control, but i don't even have the gang now. i've put all that behind me. you're lying.  he's not lying. how can you tell. i can feel his breathing and heartbeat. when people lie, there's a physical reaction. he's telling the truth. katara, we don't have any leads. if jet says he can take us to appa, we have to check it out. all right.  but we're not letting you out of our sight. this is the place i heard about. there's nothing here.  if this is a trap i told you, i work nearby. two guys were talking about some giant furry creature they had, i figured it must be appa. he was here.   we missed him.  they took that big thing yesterday.  shipped him out to some island. about time, i've been cleaning up fur, and various, uhhh ... leavings all day.  what island. where's appa. foreman said some rich royal type on whale tail island bought him up. guess for a zoo or such. though, could be the meat that'd be good. we've got to get to whaletail island.  where's whaletail island.   far, very far.  here it is. it's near the south pole, almost all the way back home. aang, it will take us weeks just to get to the tip of the earth kingdom. and then we'll need to find a boat to get to the island. i don't care. we have a chance to find appa. we have to try. must be nice to visit an island. i haven't had a vacation for years. don't you have some more hair to clean up. shuffle on, i get you. no more need for old sweepy ... you're right aang, right now our first concern has to be finding appa. we can come back when we have him. all right, let's get moving. i'll come with you. we don't need your help. why won't you trust me.  gee, i wonder.  was this guy your boyfriend or something. what ... no.  i can tell you're lying ...  we can take the train out to the wall but then we'll have to walk. don't worry, on the way back we'll be flying. we're finally leaving ba sing se.  worst ... city ... ever.  jet.  i thought you said you didn't have your "gang" anymore.  i don't.  we were so worried. how did you get away from the dai li.   the dai li.. i don't know what she's talking about. he got arrested by the dai li a couple of weeks ago. we saw them drag him away. why would i be arrested. i've been living peacefully in the city.  this doesn't make any sense. they're both telling the truth. that's impossible. no it's not. toph can't tell who's lying because they both think they're telling the truth. jet's been brainwashed. that's crazy. it can't be.  stay away from me. out of my way, skinny. huh. if you don't want to end up like him, you'll do what i say. the dai li must have sent jet to mislead us, and that janitor was part of their plot, too. i bet they have appa here in the city. maybe he's in the same place they took jet. where did they take you. nowhere. ii don't know what you're talking about. we need to find a way to jog his real memories.  maybe katara should kiss him. that should bring something back. maybe you should kiss him, sokka. hey, just an idea. a bad one. ooh, wait. i've got it. i don't think it's working.  try to think of something from your past that triggers your emotions. the fire nation. remember what they did to your family. close your eyes. picture it.  no. it's too painful. maybe this will help.  they took me to a headquarters under the water. like a lake. wait. remember what joo dee said. she said she went on vacation to lake laogai.  that's it. lake laogai. so where's this secret headquarters. under the water, i think. there's a tunnel right there by the shore. it's all starting to come back to me. i'm joo dee. welcome to ba sing se. i'm joo dee. welcome to ba sing se. we're so lucky to have our walls to create order. we're so lucky to have our walls to create order. i think there might be a cell big enough to hold appa up ahead. i think it's through here.  expecting someone else. now that's something different. you have made yourselves enemies of the state. take them into custody.  long feng is escaping. all right, avatar, you've caused me enough problems. this is your last chance ... if you want your bison back. you do have appa. tell me where he is. agree to exit the city now, and i'll waive all charges against you and allow you to leave with your lost pet.  you're in no position to bargain. am i not.  you're definitely not. jet, the earth king has invited you to lake laogai.  i am honored to accept his invitation. you're mine now. uncle. so, the blue spirit. i wonder who could be behind that mask ...  what are you doing here. i was just about to ask you the same thing. what do you plan to do now that you've found the avatar's bison. keep him locked in our new apartment. should i go put on a pot of tea for him. first i have to get it out of here. and then what.. you never think these things through.  this is exactly what happened when you captured the avatar at the north pole. you had him, and then you had nowhere to go. i would have figured something out.  no. if his friends hadn't found you, you would have frozen to death. i know my own destiny, uncle. is it your own destiny, or is it a destiny someone else has tried to force on you. stop it, uncle. i have to do this. i'm begging you, prince zuko. it's time for you to look inward and begin asking yourself the big questions. who are you, and what do you want. jet, it's me, aang.  you don't have to do this. i'm afraid he no longer has a choice. jet, i'm your friend. look inside your heart. do your duty, jet. he can't make you do this.  you're a freedom fighter. do it. do it now.  foolish boy. you've chosen your own demise.  i'm sorry ... aang. don't be. this isn't good. you guys go and find appa. we'll take care of jet. we're not going to leave you. there's no time. just go. we'll take care of him. he's our leader. don't worry, katara. i'll be fine.   he's lying ... appa's gone. long feng beat us here. if we keep moving, maybe we can catch up with them. you think we can outrun them. i don't think it's gonna matter. what is it, momo. appa. i can handle you by myself. yeah. appa.  i missed you, buddy. you did the right thing, nephew.  leave it behind. ) )