what happened. where am i.  you are in the spirit world.  princess yue. aang, your avatar spirit has been injured. if you don't act fast, you will lose your connection to your past lives ...  and the avatar cycle will end.  you must find your previous four past lives and reconnect with them.  how do i do that.  you will find them here, in the spirit world. but be careful ... koh will try to steal your face.  be careful about what spirits you talk to.  some will help you, but others work for koh, and they will trick you.  good luck, aang.  roku, where are you.  aaahh.  hello aang. i'm sorry, roku ... i tried to master the avatar state ... but i failed. mastering the avatar state takes much spiritual discipline and patience.  i learned this the hard way. where are we going. to the fire sage's temple. onehundredfiftyfour years ago ... concentrate on your breath ... clear you mind of all thoughts ...  enter the avatar state ...  inhale ... and exhale ... i think my leg is falling asleep ... clearing mind ... i hope we're not eating komodo chicken for lunch again ...  arrggh, concentrate.  i can't do it. i've been in retreat for five months and i'm no closer to mastering the avatar state than when i arrived.  but i was impatient, so i decided to use the winter solstice sun to help me ... what are you doing. i'm trying to enter the avatar state using the spiritual energy from the sun. you did it, roku. you mastered the avatar state. well, not exactly ...  roku, what did you do..  i was stuck in the avatar state.  i could see my body, but i couldn't control it.  luckily, fire sage kaja was wiser than i, and he knew how to break the avatar state's hold on me. what happened.  cough. cough. looks like we have a lot more training to do ... after you rebuild the temple.  i see my own impatience in you, aang. do not be too hard on yourself. you will master the avatar state, as i finally did.  look for avatar kyoshi in the place where hei bai sleeps.  ... what.  hei bai.  roku told me i'd find you here. rraaaawww.  i'm happy to see you too. i don't suppose you've seen avatar kyoshi around, have you.  there she is. it's nice to see you, aang. sorry about the whole "wrongfully accused of murder" thing back in chin village. that's okay. after chin the conqueror died, i helped the world live in balance. i accomplished a lot of good, but i also made some mistakes ...  one of my greatest challenges was dealing with a peasant uprising in ba sing se. down with the earth king.  the peasants felt that the earth king's role was outdated and that he did not represent their interests. so they stormed the upper ring.  the peasants destroyed priceless historical artifacts and buildings anything that represented the "old governement ."  the earth king summoned me to help him end the revolution. i don't care how you do it, but i want you to squash those unruly peasants. i won't do it.  how dare you defy your king.  guards, arrest avatar kyoshi. how dare you defy your avatar. are you ready to make a compromise.  yes ... i don't like this revolution either. but everyone in this kingdom must have a voice if balance is to prevail over tyranny. so i propose this you will listen to the peasants' grievances and i will protect you interests and ba sing se's cultural heritage. agreed. agreed ...  i immediately set to work training an elite force of earthbenders ...  they would be silent, precise ...  and feared by all.  they became known as the dai li. you trained the dai li. but they're the worst, most corrupt earthbenders in the world. i thought i was doing the right thing by creating a group that protected cultural history. i had no idea what they would become. aang, our actions always have an effect: sometimes positive, sometimes negative ... and sometimes not for many lifetimes.  hurry. you must find the waterbender avatar who came before me. but i don't even know his name. his name is avatar kuruk.   we're in the realm of koh, hei bai ... we better be careful.  aaahh.  koh took your face and replaced it with a bear's face.  relax kid. i'm not going to hurt you.  i'm avatar kuruk. nice to finally meet you. now tell me, have you seen a beautiful woman with long, brown hair around here. no, who is she. she's my wife.  when i was a young avatar ...  ... i traveled the world, challenging other benders to tests of strength ...  i challenge you to an agni kai. uh, i was just going to the store.  i loved impressing people with my bending prowess. especially girls. bet you girls have never seen a lotus tornado before. it's beautiful. i love you, avatar kuruk.  i was arrogant, proud, and boastful ... i never thought about settling down until i met the love of my life.  we met during the new moon celebration, when the sister tribes would come together as one.  it was love at first sight.  her name was ummi. she was from the southern tribe. and she was the most beautiful woman i'd ever seen.  with ummi in my life, i decided to change my irresponsible ways and settle down. a betrothal necklace. ummi, will you marry me. yes.  we were to be married in the spirit oasis. but on the day of our wedding, tragedy struck. ummi. no.   ummi fell into the spirit pond, as if some unseen force pulled her in.  she's gone ...  she didn't drown. she disappeared into the spirit world ... koh took her to punish me for my past mistakes.  every year, on the anniversary of our wedding, i traveled  to the spirit world hoping to save my wife from koh. but i failed.  i'm sorry. i know how that feels.  wait. i've seen her.  koh still has her. when i was in koh's lair, he showed me ummi's face.  thank you, aang. my search is not over yet. i will keep hunting koh until ummi and i are reunited.  hurry. avatar yangchen is waiting for you. hello. avatar yangchen. anyone here.  it's an honor to meet you, aang. it's been such an amazing experience to meet my past lives. and what did you learn by meeting them. well ... i realized that no avatar is perfect. they all struggled and made mistakes. like me. very wise. but it made me wonder why is the avatar spirit a human in every life. wouldn't it be better if the avatar was an all powerful spirit that never died. i don't think so.  the avatar must be compassionate towards all people ... and the only way to do that is to live with them.  the avatar must experience sadness ...  anger ...  joy ...  and happiness.  by feeling all these emotions, it helps you understand how precious human life is ... so you will do anything to protect it. if you were an all powerful spirit living on the top of some mountain, you wouldn't have much in common with an ordinary person. so the avatar continues to take human rebirth.  and with each life, learns what it means to be human. now that i've reconnected with all of you, does that mean the avatar spirit is okay.  yes, but your physical body is still injured. you need time to heal.  and unfortunately, it seems your ability to enter the avatar state has been disrupted. you won't be able to rely on your past lives to help you. you must rely on your friends. and when you wake up, you won't remember this journey to the spirit world. it will be like a forgotten dream.  until we meet again, aang. ) )