top of the morning, momo.  sounds like you slept well.  like a baby moose lion.  i'm ready to face the fire lord. so, what's your strategy for taking him down.  gonna get your glow on and  hit him with a little avatar state action.  i can't.  when azula shot me with lightning,  my seventh chakra was locked, cutting off my connection to all the cosmic energy in the universe.  you know what i just heard.  blah, blah, spiritual mumbo jumbo blah, blah, something about space.   oh, no.  sokka, do you think the fog will delay the invasion.  no.  that is the invasion. you made it, dad.   where you able to locate everyone i told you to find. i did.  but i'm a little worried, sokka. some of these men aren't exactly the "warrior type".   ooohwhee.  this place ain't nothing like a swamp.  what you reckon that is, tho. some sort of fire nation exploding trap what eat ya.  it's just a rock, due.  well, i'll be.  is it just me, or are those fellas a little loose in the leafhat.  i just wish they would wear pants.  pants are an illusion, and so is death.  hi, katara.   haru.  it's so good to see you.  toph, this is haru. when we met him, his town was controlled by the fire nation. so he had to hide his earthbending.  katara inspired me and my father to take back our village.   you helped us find our courage, katara.  now we're here to help you. no way. is that hippo happy to see blind bandit.  you guys here for a rematch. negatory. the boulder and the hippo no longer fight for others' entertainment. now, we fight for our kingdom.  sweet. was that a new invention.  yes, but unfortunately the incendiary capabilities of peanut sauce prove to be a failure.  you're making peanut sauce bombs. they're destructive. and delicious.  where you able to complete work on the plans i send you. yes, i was, and i think the fire nation will be quite surprised. aang, my dad and i made this for you. a new glider. this is amazing. and as a special feature, i added the snack compartment.  oh ... well, i'm sure that will come in handy. i bet you're tired of being in this cell old man. well too bad.  you're never stepping outside these walls again.  breakfast.  careful, ming, don't get too close. his stench will knock you right out.   i snuck in some white jade tea. i know you like rare teas.  thank you, ming. ever since i was put in here, you have been very kind to me. don't worry, you'll do great. good morning everyone. ahh.  umm ... so, as you know, today, we're invading the fire nation. i mean i know you know that because otherwise why else would you be here.  uh anyway,  the fire lord's palace is here . uh nope, uh wait, uh wait, uh wait, it's here,  and uh, there's an eclipse today and aang's gonna fight the fire lord and the firebenders won't have any fire to use so that's good for us.  and ... um ... i'm sorry let me start at the beginning . katara and i discovered aang frozen in an iceberg, now i didn't like aang at first but grew to love him over time, then we went to the southern air temple where aang used to live and then we met suki,  who's a kyoshi warrior. she dressed me like a woman and then she kissed me, and then aang's friend was a crazy old king and ...  wow, when he says the beginning he means the beginning beginning.  ... and then katara got haru arrested and then now he's grown a mustache which if you look at him in the front row you can see it ...  thank you, sokka. it's okay why don't you take a break.  let me just clarify a few points for everyone.  today, is the day of black sun, and i want to thank you all for your selfsacrifice, and your courage. there are two steps to the invasion, a naval stage, and then a land stage.  to gain sea access to the fire nation capital, we need to get past our first major obstacle here,  the great gates of azulon. next, we hit the land, and we hit hard. we must fight past their battlements and secure the plaza tower. once we do that, it's up to the royal palace. at that point, the eclipse will begin. excuse me. the boulder is confused. isn't the point to invade during the eclipse, when the firebenders are powerless. the eclipse only lasts eight minutes, not enough time for the whole invasion. and the royal palace is heavily guarded by firebenders. so that's where we'll need the eclipse's advantage the most. when this is finished, the avatar will have defeated the fire lord. we will have control of the fire nation capital, and this war will be over. we've been looking everywhere for you. the boats are ready to leave. i messed up aang. what. the invasion plan was my moment of truth and i completely flubbed it. i just fell apart.  sokka, that speech wasn't your moment of truth. that was just public speaking, and nobody's really good at that. my dad is. he explained the plan perfectly and inspired everyone, like a real leader should. look, your moment of truth isn't gonna be in front of some map. it's gonna be out there on the battlefield. you seem so confident about everything, how do you know we're gonna win. because i already failed the world once at ba sing se. i won't let myself fail again. there they are, the great gates of azulon. i don't see any gates. katara, you and the swamp benders whip up a fog cover. we'll sneak by them statues just like we sneak by that fire navy blockade. keep it up, we're almost through. everyone below deck.  let's hope your invention works. no one's on board, sir. where'd they go.  you've really outdone yourself this time, son.  yeah, congratulations, sokka. you managed to invent a worse way of travel than flying.   helmet. well, i just came up with the idea. the mechanist did all the work. now don't sell yourself short, my boy.  it was your idea to use waterbending to make the subs sink and float, brilliant.  though your original designs were a bit difficult to decipher. unfortunately there is one problem i couldn't fix.  the subs have a limited air supply. before we land on the beaches, we'll need to resurface. lunchtime, general iroh.  and this time, i brought you an extra bowl of rice. thank you, ming. your little gestures of kindness have made my days in prison bearable.  i think you should take the rest of the day off.  what. you don't look well. maybe you should go home and rest. no, i feel fine.  trust me. it is better that you are not here this afternoon.  so, this is it huh. are you ready for the fire nation to know the avatar is alive. i'm ready.  i hope you kick some serious fire lord butt, twinkle toes. everyone listen up.  the next time we resurface, it'll be on the beaches. so stay alert, and fight smart. now break times over, back in the subs.   katara, i ...  aang, i ... you go first. we've been through so many things together, and i've seen you grow up so much. you're not that little goofy kid i found in the iceberg anymore.  i guess what i'm trying to say is, i'm really proud of you. everything's gonna be different after today, isn't it. yes, it is. what if ... what if i don't come back. aang, don't say that, of course you'll katara, what are you doing. it's time to submerge. what. right, i'm on it.  i'm sorry mai. what do you know. it did come in handy. everyone in position. earthbenders, into your tanks. this is gonna be a rough ride. ready the torpedo.  launch. we're a man down. where in tarnation is huu.   hey huu. where you been.  communin' with nature. takes a while to collect this much seaweed.  dad, look out. sokka, we've gotta take out those battlements. it's our only chance. i've got an idea. you two take out that battlement.  i got this one. watch each other's backs.  dad. dad.  i know i've made some bad choices, but today, i'm gonna set things right.  how does that feel, dad. ah, a little, better. i need, to get back to the troops.  ahh. you're hurt, badly. you can't fight anymore. everyone's counting on me to lead this mission katara, i won't let them down.  ahh. can't you heal him any faster. i'm doing everything i can.  i'll do it. no offense sokka, but you're not exactly mr. healing hands. no.  i'll lead the invasion force. don't be crazy sokka. maybe i am a little crazy, but the eclipse is about to start and we need to be up that volcano by the time it does. you can do this.  i'm proud of you son. i still think you're crazy, but i'm proud of you too.  yip yip. listen up, everyone. i want the tanks in wedge formation. warriors and benders in the middle. we're taking that tower, and heading for the royal palace.  charge.  that's strange.  the avatar is back.  hello. anyone home. the fire nation is falling back. sokka, we're on our way to victory. no.  no, no, no. fire lord ozai, where are you.. ) )