 trick or treat.  aah.   and that, sir, is a wrap.  there's the guy that swiped all of our pumpkins.  looks like we've got some explaining to ..  man.   the only guy i know with a faster getaway than me.  animation    come out of that frightful rain, my dear, or you'll catch your death of cold.  much obliged, sir.  it's not often a lady finds such a gentleman here in the slums.  but holmes, are you certain it's not that moriarty fellow.  stop being an imbecile, watson.  moriraty's weapon of choice is a unique air rifle assembled by a blind german mechanic.  i fear they may be supernatural.   she's alive but looks as though she's under some sort of spell.  just like the others.  did any of you see the attacker.  but i'll wager 40 quid it's that creepy bloke jason blood.   i'll thank you to leave the detective work to me, sir.  but he's a madman, that one is.  that black magic he's always carrying on about is all the evidence we need.  tonight, we go for blood.    grab him.  you leave me no choice.  gone, gone the form of man.  arise, the demon   blimey. this one's not even human.  stop this madness.  even a blind man can see blood's a witch.  evidence does seem heavily stacked against blood.  what did i tell you about being an imbecile.  to stop.  blood writes with his left hand, but footprints at the first crime scene indicated the culprit walked with a cane in his right hand.  clearly, blood was trying to solve the case, and i think this potion and those chalk drawings may hold the answer we need.   you've pilfered your last painting, crazy quilt.   you can paint your own masterpieces from your new studioa cell in arkham asylum.  a demon.  he is a hero.  it's obvious by the bright blue and yellow in his costume.  the mask means he must be wellknownperhaps a wealthy entrepreneur with ample free time.  square jaw indicates strong lineageperhaps a doctor's son.  and the bat motif most surely inspired by some childhood trauma.  the masked bat, perhaps.  actually, it's batman.  sherlock holmes, i presume.  how did you deduce my identity so quickly.  the hat.  ahem.  back to the matter at hand.  jason blood has been accused of crimes he did not commit and summoned you to his aid.  jason blood. where is he.  in a spot of trouble, i'd say.   demon. he's in league with devils.   thank you, batman.  they think i'm some kind of monster.  last time i checked, you were.  we have 2 difs, neither of whom are responsible for these attacks.  we need to keep a low profile until we can learn more about these crimes.  holmes, how many victims so far.  tonight makes 8 total, all found in catatonic statesclearly the result of a supernatural attack.  any leads.  seventh victim found on dorset street.  villain taunts authorities with note.  what do you make of this, detective.  "the granite demon crumbles in your city's bloody frame.  00 she strikes, i'll never sleep " stumped, i see.  well, luckily, my powers of deduction tell me that it's actually a veiled reference to the gargoyles at wineola chapel.  actually, "granite demon" is an anagram for demon etrigan, blood's alter ego.  "bloody frame" refers to framing blood.  00" indicates the number of victims.   that sounds like number 9.  gone, gone form of man.  arise, the demon etrigan.  unh.  my word.  you know not the fury the demon hath.  let go the girl or face my wrath.  i think the girl is safer with me than you, creature.     let her go.    craddockthe gentleman ghost.  gentleman jim craddockyou are indeed correct, sir.  but a ghost. there's only one of those here.  and that's you.      111     i like this game. now taste my flame.      you survived the bat.  and we can't have that.   i need to talk to blood.  the man in the carriage is jim craddock.  in my time, he's a criminal named gentleman ghost.  gentleman jimthe notorious highwayman.  what i saw craddock do with that powder horn was no mere robbery.  on the contrary, it was indeed robberythe worst kind.  in my library, we can search for reference on the horn you saw.  watson, have your police force clear the streets.  no one travels alone. understand.  holmes, wait. you mustn't go off alone.  my dear watson, if i'm to solve the case before this batman, that's exactly what i must do.  i need just one more soul to complete our task.  but now i have some costumed freak chasing after mehe even knows my nameplus holmes and another demon.  i sense the rhymer's presence in whitechapel.  i know him well.  tread carefully, for you are not immortal yet.  yes, asteroth.  is this what you saw.  wagner's horn.  it is just as i feared.  asterothetrigan and merlin imprisoned him in the underworld 3 centuries ago.  00 she strikes, i'll never sleep " craddock struck a deal with this demon to become immortal, or never sleep, in exchange for 10 souls.  with the strength of the souls, asteroth could break free from his prison.  and if he only needs one more, we'd better hurry.  that won't be necessary, batman.  you found him.  well, not i, sir.  the great sherlock holmes located the fiend's hideaway at the old windmill and is on his way there to apprehend him presently.   just as i surmisedthe residue of red clay and fine wheat grain, and the carriage's wheel tracks pointed right here.  you'll find my reflexes are as sharp as my mind, and my blade even sharper.  uhh.   uhh. uhh.  unh.  two on one hardly seems fair.   friend of yours.     what use have you for human souls.  i need them because, unlike you, i have no intention of dying, ever.   ..  yank the ring from its nose, then back to the underworld the ogre goes.    craddock, no.  don't do it.   when i return from the underworld, i shall be immortal.  and then i'll deal with you personally.     he's out of my range.   uhh, uhh. uhh.  uhh.   ah. welcome home, etrigan.  and you won't break free.  even with those souls, you must get through me.  heh heh heh. fool.  i was born of flame. uhh.  uhh.  hyah. uhh.  before i turn you to dust, i simply must know, strangerhow did you recognize me.  because in my time, you're a ghost.  lie.  uhh. uhh.  uhh.  i brought the souls, asteroth.  i see that, mortal.  uhh.  your time on the surface world has made you soft, etrigan.   craddock. he's going to betray you.   give me the horn, human.  first, complete your end of the bargain.  make me immortal.  very well.  your soul shall never pass from the earth.  ..invincible.    you're a foolish man to take that deas mort bought youlies.  but now it is me who holds the prize.  ..aah.  uhh.   uhh.     get used to the fire, fleshling, for i am bringing my kingdom to earth.    throw the cane with all your might.  i will use it to end this fight.      time to go.  thank you for your help, batman.  before you depart, i must knowhow did you really deduce my identity.  everyone knows who you are.  you're the world's greatest detective.  indeed.  and what of craddock.  i daresay he won't be causing any more trouble for humanity.  the jury will make sure of that.  no matter how many centuries i have to wait to face you, batman, i will find you again.  and i will have my revenge.   animation captioned by the nationalcaptioning institute www.ncicap.org   )