 that's the closest i've seen bats ..emotional.  we all miss the great ted kord, sir.  no one more than me, skeets.  maybe it's time we paid him a visit.  in hub city central park.  not quite.  i was afraid of that, sir.  the boostmeister. 'sup, buddy.  ted. dude, it's great to see you.  i just saw you on thursday.  speaking of, you got that 20 i loaned you.  uh, left my wallet at home.  dude, not cool.   uh, excuse me. i gotta take this.  sir, i know what you're thinking, but we can't just travel back in time and save ted kord.  it's his fate to sacrifice himself on science island.  and if you change historyi know i can't change history without screwing up the time stream.  heh. how dumb do you think i am.  anyway, all i want to do is give my buddy a little closure, help him take care of some unfinished business ..you know.  just like batman's trying to do.  ..  i've unearthed some disquieting evidence about that robotics lab, and i thought i'd drop by to discuss it.  and i would love to do that, but now is not a good time.  is someone there with you.  uh, no one you know. i gotta run.  i'll call you later.   so, you're friends with batman.  uh, we work together sometimes.  so what's up, boost.  i came to pick your brain about the madniks.  those maniacs.  just once i'd like to nail them to the wall, but they always seem to slip through my fingers.  why do you the madniks.  well, that's a weird coincidence.  yes, yes, that's exactly what it is.  are we gonna stand around yakking about it, or are we gonna go collar those clowns once and for all.    ahh, here it is, the quark pistol, the gamechanger.  i'd like to see someone try and stop us now.  ..  since that's exactly what i'm gonna and do.  uhh.    the blue beetle.  you failed to stop us many times before.  what makes you think now will be any different.  'cause this time he's got booster gold in his corner, pal.  uhh.  goodbye, champions of a corrupt society.  " pretty good shot, hu maybe too good.  drop it.  uhh.     uh, closure, anyone.  i helped you bring down the one that got away.  huh. i guess you did.  no problemo, pal.  see, you got your positronics in a bunch over nothing.  a little trip to the past, i fulfilled a dream of my lost friend, it appears you're right again, sir.     oh, boy.  so, we might have changed a couple of things.  booster.  i had nothing to do with this.  excuse me.  this apocalyptic wasteland, not my fault.  i was going to ask for help battling these energy monsters.  you've been meddling in the past, haven't you.  little bit, yeah.  initiating time warp, sir.  here we are, sir, hub city, 2 years ago, just after our last visit.  if we want to fix the future, why didn't we travel to just before i showed up before, then tell me not to visit ted.  that would just create another dangerous time paradox.  or, better yet, go back to just before i left to come here to stop me then.  that's not how time travel works.  wait a minute.  what about visiting my mother before i was born.  look, i'm not going to explain the intricacies of time travel to a man without a library card.   booster.  hey, bro.  aah.  together. wow.  well, this is great. this is just awesome.  you never said you and booster were friends.  it never came up.  a consummate professional like you friends with a dilettante like booster.  you're both my friends, ok.  you're more of a work friend, and booster is more of a fun friend.  what's more fun than fighting crime.  ooh, he's got you there.  beetle, the reason we're here is because of something that happened on booster's last visit.  funny you should mention that.  i've been analyzing the quark pistol that he blew up.  seems the madniks were exposed to the subatomic strength that powered this device.  yes.  their dna may have been affected.  i think we should pay a visit to the madniks at hub island penitentiary.  road trip. i call shotgun.  you're lucky we're even letting you tag along.  think you could lighten up for just one second, mr. mcgrumpy pants.  do i have to remind you that you're the reason we're in this mess.  you know, this is why i never mention hanging out with you guys to each other.  i knew you wouldn't get along.  we're coming up on hub island penitentiary.  i hope we're not too late.   come on, we're almost past the fence.     aah.      losing power.  it's them.  the madniks are draining the bug's battery somehow.  brace for impact.   incredible.  exposure to the quark pistol has mutated them into powerdraining monsters.  hey, maybe these guys actually turn into those giant monsters ..  batman's way ahead of you, sir.   booster, no.  these creatures consume energy and turn it into mass.  your blasts only strengthen them.   ahh.    beetle, booster, are you ok.   do anything at all.  and when the water hits those cables, we'll be crispy crime fighters.    ted, remember that death trap we escaped in athens.  maybe we should try the same tactic.  no, this is like the time ted and i almost bought it in bloodhaven.  uh, i think that we should try a new escape.  booster, from here, it looks like you're close enough to reach batman's utility belt.   open the left rear compartment and pull the tab.     guys, look.  they're headed in a specific northwest direction.  are you two thinking what i'm thinking.  but why don't you tell me just to make sure.  their thirst for energy is instinctively leading them to the largest power source available.  the hub city nuclear reactor.  yep, just what i was thinking.  they're siphoning off tremendous amounts of power, constantly growing.  at this ratedestroying city after city to feed their insatiable appetite.   if i can adjust the radiation signature of the bb gun's pile, it might reverse the mutation.  just one problem.  the creatures will have to ingest the energy.  well, fellas, wish me luck.  this is a job that has to be done right.  i can do this.  look, i know i screwed up coming back here to see ted.  i just had a hard time letting go.  he was my best friend.  he was my friend, too.  we should do this together.  that's the only way you can do it.  we'll need to broadcast that signal through booster's force field generator.  what about you.  hey. energy hog.   let's do this, booster.   congratulations, sir. you did it again.  now, this is what i call a satisfying night's work.  bringing down the madniks once and for all.  seeing my 2 best friends getting along.   ess this is goodbye.  batman, that was a message from you.  you said my uncle jarvis is up to no good with that scarab i lent him.  didn't want it to slip my mind.  well, then i better get the spare bug up and running.  bye, o it was an honor workin, ted, as always.  uh, right back at you, bats.  beetle.  did you get my message.  the mission appears to have been a success, sirs.  bats, i'm sorry about, well, everything.  actually, booster, i'm grateful.  it gave me the chance to say goodbye.    i'm totally ok with you being ted's second best friend.  why don't you stick around.  i could use your help taking care of these thugs.   there, milord.  we have a visual confirmation on the fallen object.   meaning that you see it.  ..  yes.   be succinct, sir knight.  brevity is the soul of wit.   ben: yeah.  so tell me what's the soul of the halfwit.    armodrillo: armodrillo.   gwen: huh.   kevin: i'm betting your lasers can't hurt your own )