oh, now, don't you look handsome." yikes. deed, what have you done to spike." don't you think he looks cute." oh, for goodness sake, he's a dog, deed, not a... a... a poodle. good boy, spike." oh, fine, spike. if you want to run around naked all day, then go ahead. run, spike. be free." ey, you two, come and listen to my acceptance speech, will you." ah, sure, pop." wow, spike. i never noticed before. no wonder you're so happy all the time." don't worry, pop, i'm still listening. i just want to check on the... aaaah." stu, what's wrong." oh, nothing. tommy just took off his diaper." well, put it back on." and hurry, this is my big ending." okay, champ. let's get this thing back on." there you go, good as new." tommy." now, just keep it on this time, and..." tommy, i'm not kidding." get that thing off your head, you're going to give tommy ideas." deed, what are we going to do. he won't keep it on." stu, it's nothing to worry about. it's perfectly natural." natural.. you think running around with no clothes on is natural.. i don't know what kind of family you're from, deed, but in my family we wore clothes. cept' of course, for great aunt lois, but that's another story." well, according to lipschitz, 'the spontaneous shedding of clothing by infants is a natural outgrowth of their desire to control their physical environment and explore their personal space'." what does that mean." it's just a phase. he'll grow out of it, probably before kindergarten. probably.." hiya, deed. say, how's lou's speech coming." h, it's coming along fine, betty, but he's very nervous. well, you know, he is recieving an award in front of the full assembly of the fraternal order of wombats." hoa." you look different, tommy." yeah, tommy. do you have a new tooth." no." did you get a haircut." nope." i know. you're buck naked." why aren't you wearing your clothes, tommy." are you taking a bath." no. i just didn't want to wear my clothes, so i got rid of em'." how come you don't want to wear them." let me ask you this, lil, how come you do." huh." phil, why do you wear clothes." well, i guess..." why are any of us wearing clothes. all they're good for is getting dirty or wet, and then your mom has to change you, and she yanks your shirt up over your head and it hurts your ears." but..." and why do they do it. so they can put a new shirt on you the next day and say how cute it looks, but it's not cute. it's just hot and itchy." but..." don't you see, phil and lil." yeah, we see, all right." you don't have to wear clothes." or diapers." you can be free." yay." come on, guys, you can do it, too. just try it, it feels great." well, maybe." feel better already. phillip." lillian." um, lil, could i ask you a question." hey, stu. where's the man of the hour. still practicing his speech." yeah, he's... aaaah. now they're all doing it." ha. going through that spontaneous shedding of clothing stage, huh. ah, don't worry, it's just a natural outgrowth of their desire to control their physical environment and explore their personal space." that's what didi said." omething wrong, chuckie." are you okay." what have you done, you guys.. what have you done.." what do you mean, chuckie." oh, don't think i haven't noticed, tommy. you're all totally nakie." so, what's wrong with that." you can't just go around without any clothes on." why not." cause'... your parents put em' on you, that's why." so." yeah, so." well... they spend a lot of time puttin' em' on you, so they must have a pretty good reason." maybe they put em' on us, so we can practice taking em' off." i don't think that's the reason, tommy. i... i... oh, i don't know." ome on, chuckie, take em' off. yeah, it's fun." what's the matter, chuckie. need any help." no, i don't need help, cause' i don't want to be nakie. it's just not natural." but, chuckie, all the best people are nakie." look, spike is nakie, and susie's cat is nakie, and even reptar's nakie." well, i guess if reptar's nakie..." great yyvone goulagon. what's going on here. philly, lilly, you're nudists." betty. i'm surprised at you. i mean, they're just babies. lipschitz says..." on't start with that hippie lipschitz, deed. i don't know what kind of baby commune you're trying to run here, but it's time to face facts. the sixties are over, and we lost. so just get with the program, all right.." we're never gonna see phil and lil again." oh, sure we are, chuckie." don't think their mom's gonna let em' come back, all cause of you makin' em' get nakie, tommy." i don't care what anybody says, chuckie. nakie is good, nakie is free, nakie is... nakie." oh." i can't believe betty reacted like that." of course she reacted like that. our son's become the high priest of baby nudism." well, i wouldn't worry, guys, it's just a phase." yes, but it's a phase that's not going over too well with the neighbors." and what if he gets naked tonight at pop's dinner. how's the royal order of wombats gonna react to that." ou know, i've got dr. lipschitz's phone number. maybe i'd better give him a call." you do that, deed. i'm gonna take more practical steps." you're coming with me, champ." dr. lipschitz will know what to do. after all, he wrote the book." hello, this is dr. lipschitz." oh, hello, dr. lipschitz. this is..." thank you for calling the dr. lipschitz baby talk hotline. if you have a question about nutrition, press one now." i'll show em'. i'll show em' all. no son of mine is gonna go through life ridiculed for a trivial but conspicuous breach of the social contract." you have pressed six. distressing baby behavior. if your baby seems to laugh at inappropriate moments, press one now." oh." if your baby has been spontaneously shedding his or her clothing, please press nine now." finally." you have pressed nine. the spontaneous shedding of clothing by infants is a natural outgrowth of their desire to control their physical environment and explore their personal space." thank you for calling the dr. lipschitz baby talk hotline. you will be charged $1.95 for the first minute, and 95 for each additional minute." oh." deed, chas, the problem is solved." thanks to my new invention, the pickles baby suspenders." hey're cute, stu, but i don't see..." these straps are caibrated to tommy's weight and level of physical development. strong enough to keep tommy from pulling them off, but..." buffered to prevent any discomfort. this could be a whole new division for pickles toys." ell, i'm not sure it's the fashion statement of the year, but i must say it's a relief. at least we'll be able to take tommy to pop's dinner." nd so, on behalf of the wombat club of winter haven county, i present this year's golden marsupial award to lou pickles." friends, family, and fellow wombats, there's one reason, and one reason only why i'm standing at this podium today, receiving the highest honor that the exalted order of wombats can bestow." it's not because i was born rich, ho ho, oh, no. far from it. or because i've been lucky. my poker buddies can tell you that's certainly not the case. the reason i'm here tonight, is that i possess a quality that's come to me for quite a while..." i gotta get out of this thing." how, tommy. how. a regular old diaper, sure, but that thing." there's gotta be a way." yes please, ladies and gentlemen, when louis kalhern pickles comes face to face with a problem, he doesn't cry about it, he solves it." i don't know, tommy, i think you're gonna be stuck in your clothes forever." no one hands you your freedom on a silver platter. if you want it, you gotta reach out, and take it." that was true for our founding fathers, and it's true for us. cause' unless you earn your freedom, you'll never learn to appreciate it, no sir." chuckie, i'm going out there." there's some hard work in quality." n closing, my friends, i would like to give you a few words of advice, and it's simply this." don't be afraid of the naked truth. cause' when you get down to the bare bones of life, you find out the truth is all we've got." it's like the man said, 'clothes don't make the man, the man...'" tommy." oh no, stu.' don't panic, deed. we'll just pretend he isn't ours." ladies and gentlemen, i'd like you all to meet my grandson, tommy pickles." you know, i've gotten so many phone calls today." they liked your speech, pop." no, they hated my speech. but they think my grandson's the cutest little thing they ever saw, with or without clothes." so, i finally figured, there's lots of good reasons to wear clothes. they keep us warm..." yeah, but tommy," they keep the dirt off us..." but tommy," ometimes they even look nice. but..." chuckie, i know spike's nakie, i know reptar's nakie, but we're not aminals, and we gotta wear clothes." well, whatever makes you happy." ) )