"come along faithful viewers, on our journey through the drainforest as we serach for that very unusal creature...the three toed sloth." "ah there he is, heathing with life. lets get a closer look shall we." "oh no, don't. cut. cut." "don't worry chuckie, i'm nigel strawberry. wild aminal expert." "and because i'm an expert, i think...everybody into the truck." "say something nigel." "i can hears the tiger's running feet, see his sharp teeths, and ah. feel a cool breeze." "not to worry, guys." "oh no." "it's coming back." "but that was my onlyiest q toy." " let's feed him phil." "i heard that." "that way. through the swamp." "nigel why are we sinking." "quicksand. i should've knowed. guys hang on to me." "what are you diaper bags screaming about." "we're about to get eated by that fercious siefrian tiger." "you pretending to be nigel strawberry again, tommy." "yeah, he's my hero and when i grow up i want to be just like him." "pickles, you're no nigel strawberry. you're not even a nigel raspberry." "you're never going to have real adventures, you're just a backyard baby with a diaper full of dreams." "wow. she's mean. now, who wants to go look for cookies under stuff." "i do." "okay, come on follow me." "the panthera onca, commonly know as the jaguar seems determined to feast on my nether reigon, but not to worry." "well, faithful viewers our journey was a smashing success." "until next time, this is sir nigel thornberry of sir nigel thornberry's animal world." "why, hello, scout. boy, rest your eyes for a second and ol' thornberry's gator bait. hey, boy that sir nigel gets in some real scrapes out there in the wild but he always manges to wiggle out of trouble somehow." "oh, and jonathan, don't think that just because i'm on a luxury lipschitz cruise in the south china seas i won't be checking messages, email, and carrier pigions on the hour." "honey, i thought we were going to leave work behind for seven funfilled days." "silly, it's not all work. i signed up for every spa treatment, culminating in the salem retreat, where you're pressed between layers of hot rocks." "sounds bewitching, but aren't we all going to be busy with our children." "deed, that's what the kidsatoriaum is for. each morning, we drop off the pups and head for the all day breakfast buffet. i hear they make a mean egg yolk omlette." "we signed the kids up for pirate play and pillage class." "it teaches tolerance for the peg leg." "well, i'm going to use the whole seven kidfree days to reshape my physique." "could happen, if the earth was created in six." "everyone all set." "i think we should all thank my husband, stu, for arranging this wonderful getaway." "no, you can thank me by having the time of your lives." "welcome. bienvenue. willkommen. welcome aboard the world renowened dr. lipschitz cruise." "stu must have taken spike for one last potty run. ii'm sure he'll be right back." "he better, he's got all our tickets." "that sure is a nice camera, susie." "thanks tommy, my mommy got it for me so she can see everything she's missing." "how come she and your daddy can't come on the cruise with us." ) )