a, n, x, g, f. look, i spelled my name." how wonderful, dear. finish your milk." now, jonathan, i need the deal memo retyped by hand a.s.a.p.. apparently these people don't trust computers." of course they'll sell, they have to sell." charlotte, have you seen my green paisley tie." about that sort of thing, i've been waiting for this for days. well, yes, i... well, i just let me have it. what. they call that a counteroffer. let me tell you something," daddy, how come cousin tommy is staying with us today." well, honey, your grandpa's off fishing, and uncle stu and aunt didi are taking a little vacation." how come." well, i guess sometimes grownups need to be by themselves for a while." how come." because they don't always want children around when they're doing grownup things." how come." because... well, i have no idea, sweetheart, it's a mystery." kind of conservative, so, take down the maplethorpe and put up that hideous norman rockwell painting. right, it's in the janitor's closet." watch me finish my milk." okay, jonathan, i'll be in shortly." honey, could you take care of that." okay, i gotta run. bye, honey, be good." byebye, tommy." i thought you..." honey, you know i'm staging a takeover of famous ethel's cookie company." well, i'm bungeejumping with the ceo of cybersystems international. i can't take the kids up on the balloon with me, can i." i can take care of the baby, mommy." of course you could, sweetie, but mommy and daddy would feel better if you had a grownup around." look, drew. we're both successful executives, we can solve this. let's brainstorm. what about betty and howard." nah, they took the twins to the big tractor pull." hmmm. they spoil those kids. chas." he went to a therapist's convention." chas isn't a therapist." i know, he's hoping to find one." well, don't we know any sitters." well, yeah, but for some reason, we have trouble getting anyone to come back a second time. all right, all right, all right, why don't i just take them to work with me." are you sure." they're good kids. i'm an organized 90's mom. how hard could it be." mommy, do i get to help you work." absolutely, darling. you can be mommy's executive assistant. here, why don't you carry my briefcase." tommy can't help, because he's just a baby." jonathan, i'm in the garage. i'll be in the office in approximately... forty seconds. did you take care of..." mommy, does everyone here have to do everything you say." yes, honey, i'm the boss." could you tell them they have to wear gorilla suits to work." i could. yes, jonathan, i'm still here." and make them wear their underwear on their heads." shh. honey, mommy has something important to discuss with jonathan." and could you tell them they have to walk backwards all day." stand back. you are too close to the vehicle." hey, mommy, neat. a talking car." an alarm will sound in five seconds." that's nice, sweetie."  "what. not you, jonathan, you know i wouldn't call one of my employees 'sweetie', at least not since the clarence thomas hearings." four, three, two, one." cool." i can't hear you, someone's car alarm just went off. it's a blue bmw on level two, jonathan, have it towed." what a good boy. no more tears now." that's right, all smiles." fabulous." you said forty seconds. i thought you'd been abducted by ecoterrists again." this is my nephew, tommy." you brought her." i told you i'd be back." honey, could you give mommy's briefcase to jonathan." stop that elevator." ooof." it better not be scuffed." is the presentation ready." it took me fourteen cup of coffee and an allnighter, but it's done." this is the model of the town in its current condition..." and this, is the town after we transform it into famous ethel's cookie world entertainment park, the cookiest place on earth." excellent work, jonathan." mommy, can i play with the toy town." this isn't a toy, honey. it's a very expensive model that mommy needs for work. mommy will buy you your own toy town later." but i want it now." good morking, vesko. good morning, bosky." mommy, can't we play with the toy town." now, darling, i told you, it's not a toy." okay, jonathan, let's run down the strategy for this morning's meeting." now, the first order of business..." mommy, when i grow up, can i have the same work as you." uh, as i was saying..." of course you can, sweetie." okay, once again..." mommy, what do you do." let me put it this way. a corporation is like a big, hungry monster. my job is to find plenty of smaller, weaker monsters for it to eat." neat. does this monster eat babies, too." no, of course not." aaaah." aaaah. angelica, no." ugh." jonathan find somewhere to put the fish." deep healing breath, deep healing breath." jonathan, don't we have some sort of employee daycare center." uh, actually, you nixed it." well, i'm unnixing it. how's a working mother supposed to get by around here.." shall i reschedule your meeting with famous ethel." of course not. i've been planning this little coup too long to put it off now. angel, you'll be a good girl for jonathan, won't you." me, but..." mommy, can't i come with you." if you're a good girl, mommy will let you come to work with daddy tomorrow. ciao, jonathan." jonathan, i would like a glass of water." uh, sure, okay." now, you two just stay here." i thought he'd never leave." angelica, what are we doing here. shouldn't we be at the playground or something." are you kidding. the toy town is better than any playground. now, let's make like a tree and get out of here." are you sure this is okay." course. my mommy's the president. come on." angelica, did you want sparkling or... uhoh." i gotta tell you, we just got a small little company. a big execitive like you proably don't have the time to coddle it like we do." let me assure you, my coddling credentials are flawless." but fundamentally, i think our presentation speaks for itself, and deep down, i think you want your company to grow." what.. if anything happens to them, i'll..." please excuse me a moment. jonathan will show you around, while i see to a minor crisis. jonathan, i was just telling them what a caring, personal company this is." um, this is our fax machine. our company letter is rather clever, it says, 'just the fax'. heh heh heh." you know, like the, uh, tv show, just the facts, ma'am. heh heh." we think television is evil." there it is." let's play." now, i'll be the amazing gigantic girl, and you be the townspeople." what do i do." you run and scream while i try to stomp you." hello, sheriff bob. nice night. why, yes, it is a nice night, nurse nancy. nice and quiet. a little too quiet. wait a minute, what's that up there. oh, no. it's the amazing gigantic girl. aaaah." ha. roar. grrr." aaaah. aaaah." aaaah." angelica. tommy." the cookie world model, of course." there you are, tommy." where's angelica." angelica." i tried to stop him, but he was out of control." angelica, didn't mommy tell you this wasn't a toy." um, i don't remember." not only did you wreck a very expensive model and ruin an important business deal, but you disobeyed me, and set a bad example for your cousin. now, if you were the boss and one of your employees behaved like this, what would you do." are you gonna fire me, mommy." no, of course not, angel." you're my baby girl, and nothing can change that, but from now on, when you want something and i say no, what are you going to do." ask daddy." no, honey, you're gonna be a good girl and do as you're told, okay." well, it looks like we picked a bad time for business." why don't we get back to you folks with our decision." but the presentation..." think we've seen enough." so, do you think they're going to accept your bid." no, jonathan, i don't think they're going to accept my bid. and one more thing, jonathan. call security and have them escort you off the presmises." i don't understand, what do you mean." you're fired." oh, well, that's pretty clear." spike knows how to fetch, and you can learn, too. now, fetch." daddy." hello, princess. where's your mommy." in the shower. she said she has to wash away the stench of failure." uhoh." bad day, dear." a living nightmare." jonathan, what are you doing here." i'm sorry to bother you, but famous ethel called me and insisted that i bring her by." look, ethel, i'm sorry about the way things went today." sorry, i gotta tell you, abe and i were so impressed with your maternal instincts, we decided to sell to your company." but, how..." now, why don't you and your husband come out and celebrate with us." i'll get my coat. by the way, jonathan, you're not fired." i'm not." no, in fact, i've decided to give you a promotion." a promotion. vicepresident." no, you're going to be the supervisor of our new company daycare center." you're kidding." and you can start by looking after the kids while drew and i go out tonight." boy, jonathan, are we gonna have fun." ) )