move your bigbald head, you dumb baby. oh, sorry, angelica. angelica. shhh. miss carol's on. you know she's my favoritest tv person andmy biggest fan. i'm mean, oh, you know. shhhh. good morning, children. we have a terrific, funfilled show for you today. but first,are you readyto hear miss carol's super duper fun phrase. yeah.. okay, let's ask shannon, our happy helper.  what does miss carol think of her kids.  she thinksthey're all funariffic. that's right. now, monday starts a brand new month,and you know what that means:a brand new fun phrase. and... and we'll all miss you.but right now, it's time to reach intoour big barrel of postcards and see which of our loyal happy house viewers to get a chance to auditionto be anewhappy helper. ready to pick them, shannon. i guess so...  kim koleman...  ...samantha lipton... angelica, what's a audition. auditionis when they decide toadd me to the show. now be quiet. ...and angelica pickles. okay, angelica, are you ready. mmhmm. all right. firstof all,a happy helper has to be familiar with our show. oh. i watch the show every day. well, that's good. do you think you could lead the happy house marching band. just's watch.  ohh, very nice. that's enough. okay, angelica. now, how about the happy house weather watch. ohh. i love this part. okay, angelica, makeit rainat the happy house. tadah. rainy randy. that's excellent. and finally, the fun phrase. what does miss carol think of her kids. she thinks they're all funariffic. well, that's all. you did a great job. be sure to watch the show tomorrow to see if you're one ofour finalists. thank you.  wasn't i great, mommy. i was abestestkid in the wholeadition. of course you were, sweetheart. mommy is very proud.  jonathan. yes, good. makea note ofthat.  aren't you done picking that new happy kid thing yet.  look, i've gotmore important things for you to do, all right. you haveto make an appointment for my facial, fire my hairdresser, and cancel that meetingwith my fan club. she's so wonderful. sorry, miss carol. i promise, i'll getthe auditions doneright away. but, the writers have come up with the new fun phrase.  yeah, thrill me. now, when you ask "what does miss carol think of her kids.", they'll respond: "she thinksthey're all swellomatic." aw, you call that a fun phrase.i'll tell you the real fun phrase. she thinksthey're all little wow. ifthat's the real new fun phrase, then i'm the onliest kid who knows it. oooh, miss carol will be really happy when she hears me say it. and our third and last finalist will be, angelica pickles.  oh, honey, i knew youwere going tobe a star. now remember, all of our finalists will appear onthe show tomorrow and will introduce the new fun phrase. see you then. oh mommy, i'llneed shiny shoes, and my prettiest dress, and you have todo my hair up real pretty, and make sure it don't worry, sweetie. i'm sure miss carol will think you're funariffic.  they call that the fun phrase. no, mommy, thereal fun phrase is: she thinks we're all little oh, mommy, i knew you'd be acited for me. oh, i gotta go tell cynthia. cynthia.  what should i'll do. should i wash her mouth out with soap. is that toxic. should i use toothpaste. now, charlotte, i know that was a little... shocking. but, butlet's not overreact. perhaps we need some professional advice. it's my new lipschitz electronic pocket reference. isn't technology great. first ijust type in the bad word...  ...and voila. here's the answer.  "ven ze child is bad vord saying, you simple sit ze child down and calmly tell ze child zat ze vord is unacceptable". you see. it's zati mean, that easy. i don't get it. how can a word be bad. i guess a bad word is a word that people don't wanna hear. oh. then i know a really bad word: bath. so, sweetheart, since your fun phrase has a bad word in it, it would make mommy and me happy if you just didn't say it anymore. well, which word is the bad one, daddy.  well, it'si mean it's the w look, maybe it would just be better if you didn't say any of those words anymore, angelica. is it "we're". angelica. is it "all". angelica, you are not to say that word again. is it "little".  angelica. if you say that word one more time, we are not going to take you be at miss carol's show.  oh, you mean it's and now i can't be on the showand i don't even know what that word means. mommy, daddy, i'm sorry i said the bad word when you told me not to. and i promise if you let me be on miss carol's happy house, i'll never eversay it again.  oh, all right.if we leave right now, charlotte, we can still get there on time. oh, thank you, mommy. thank you, daddy. i'll go get ready.  and i'll call everyone. so, when miss carolsays "what does miss carol think of her kids.", what do you say. she thinks we're all swellomatic. very good. you're going to do just fine.  where is that pickles girl.  oh, angelica, you made it. perfect. mr. and mrs. pickles, you can take your seats in the audience.  and we're live in 5, 4, 3, 2... good morning, children. good morning, miss carol. today's that special day here atmy happy house when we pick my new happy helper.  this month, we're going to decide who gets to be the new happy helper by seeing who's best at saying our new fun phrase.  timmy, you'll be the first to say it live in front of millions of viewers.  what does miss carol think of her kids.  hubba... hubba... hubbahubba...  okay, well, thanks for coming in, timmy.  all right, kim, why don't you try. what does miss carol think of her kids. um, um...  i want my mommy..... okay, angelica, i'm relying on you. tell everyone the new fun phrase. what does miss carol think of her kids.  she thinks, um, we're all little... uh...  okay, angelica. if you love miss carol at all, you will tell us right now, what does miss carol think of her kids.......  she thinks we're all, little  oh, no.... that's it. get her out. get her out of here. but that's what you said. but you said it, miss carol.  you're right. you're right, you know that. you're right. i have said it before and i will say it again.  you are all little see.. see.. she did say it.  whoo. i had a lot of fun today, and i hope you did too. i'd like to thank my new happy helper, timmy, for a fun, fun, fun time here on miss stephanie's happy house. well, angelica, we just wanted to let you know that we're sorry your mommy and daddy wouldn't let you be a tv star. yeah, all on the count of that word. what's that word mean anyway.  all my daddy would tell me is that it makes some peoples feel badand i'm not aposed to say it. so just leave me alone, you dumb babies. um, angelica, you know, uh, when you call us dumb, it makes us feel bad. so, uh, maybe 'dumb' is a bad word, too. all right, all right. i won't call you dumb babies...  ...much. ) )