cynthia, everybody wants to play with you, but only i get to. drew : oh, cupcake... angelica: yes, daddy. drew: now you be a good little girl and obey your uncle stu and aunt didi, ok. angelica: i will daddy.  drew: you sure this is no problem, stu. stu: heck no, drew. didi: angelica wants to go and tommy will have so much more fun at the grand canyon with a little playmate along.  angelica: did you hear that, cynthia. we have to sit in the car and take care of a little baby all the way to the grand canyon. ick. tommy: angelica. angelica: what. tommy: what's the graham canyon. angelica: not graham canyon, grand canyon. don't you know anything. aunt didi.  didi: oh, don't worry drew it'll be fine. angelica : aunt didi.  angelica: what's the grand canyon. didi: well, uh, it's an enormous, big place with red walls, and a little water in the middle, and when we get there, we'll ride donkeys to the bottom. angelica: oh.  stu and didi: ...old mcdonald had a farm, eieio.  didi  oh, it's so beautiful out here. didi : isn't it beautiful, tommy.  stu: you know, deed, tommy's a pretty lucky guy to be seeing the world at his age. didi: ok stu, your turn to pick a song. angelica: everybody wants to dress you for the party cynthia, but only itommy : angelica. tommy: what, dribble face. tommy: is this the graham canyon. angelica: no..dummy.  angelica: i know, cynthia, let's start a club. it's called a club for all people who's name isn't tommy. tommy: angelica. angelica: what. tommy: how much further to the graham canyon. angelica: a lot further. angelica : you heard me cynthia, you're cranky, and you need a nap, so take a nap.  angelica : hmmm.  angelica: i know of a game that even you can play, tommy. let's color with markers.  tommy: but we don't have a coloring book.  angelica: how 'bout this.  stu and didi : dinah won't you blow, dinah won't you blow your horn. didi : someone's in the kitchen with dinah, someone's in the kitchen i know.  angelica: now we need...purple.  didi : i got my money in a...  sing along. stu: deed, deed. would you check the map. i think the turn to the grand canyon is coming up. didi: already. stu: yeah, i think it's a little bit after arizona. didi: but that was at least an hour ago. i'd better look.   didi: an hour past arizona. we must be... here.  oh. there's mount footstool, and there's the devil's arm chair.  didi: then we want to turn, right here.  didi : she'll be coming around the mountain when she comes. she'll be coming around the mountain when she comes. she'll be coming around the mountain, she'll be coming around the mountain...  angelica : hahahahaha. i get to have some gum.  you don't get any 'cause you're a baby. you'd just swallow it. didi: i wonder if maybe we took a wrong turn. stu: how could we. it was right there on the map.  stu : oh, no.  stu : oh, no. didi: my goodness. are you alright, tommy. angelica. angelica: did you wreck the car, uncle stu. stu: now, let's not panic. didi: everyone's fine stu. stu: i'll just get out and have a look.  ace: well, looks like we got ourselves another customer eddie. eddie: yep. please.  didi: my, you sure meet some wonderful people out on the road. stu: yeah, i guess so. you know, i was thinking, do we really want to go all the way to the grand canyon.  didi: oh. look, stu. why don't we go to the clam canyon instead.  angelica : here you go cynthia.  stu : this food was worth the whole trip. didi: i'll say, you never know where you'll find good seafood. tommy: you know, angelica, this clam canyon is great but i think i had more fun at the graham canyon. angelica : it's grand canyon. angelica : cynthia, it's impossible to teach babies anything. ) )