ooh, it's so pretty. tommy: can i see. angelica: amazing. tommy: please. angelica: increbidle. tommy: that's not fair. i wanna see the colliderscope. angelica:  oh, you wanna see. tommy: uhhuh. angelica: you really wanna see. tommy: uhhuh. angelica: you really, really, really wanna see. tommy: uhhuh. angelica: oh.  okay.  oops, i forgot...it's not for babies.  stu: so, what you're saying is my inventions are junk. drew: don't put words in my mouth. you're always putting words in my mouth. stu: you never have one encouraging thing to say about any of my inventions. drew: okay, they're more fun than a root canal. stu: my inventions are great.  for example, take this piece of junk you bought. angelica: hey. stu: she could have bought a stu pickles super senseomax kaleidoscope for the same price. drew: well, maybe she didn't want a stu pickles super senseofuzzawhateveritis. didi:  please, you two. stu: he started it. drew: did not. stu: did too. drew: did not. lou: zip it, the both of ya'.  always fightin' ever since you were babies. angelica: you mean daddy and uncle stu used to fight when they were babies. lou: fight.. huh. they made their civil war look like a dang squirrel hunt. stu: what do you mean, pop. drew: we never fought. lou: are you kiddin' me. them two were always going at it. why, i remember one time when stu was about, well, tommy's age, not even old enough to talk. yes, sir. i remember it just like it was yesterday.  lou:  i was in the repair business back then. "magic wrench" pickles, they called me. your grandma, rest her soul, was out of town, working on the kefauver campaign. everything in the place ran like clockwork.  young lou: hey. what's happ... hey, this hightech... wait. woah, woah.  hello. oh, hi, trixie. everything's fine, dear, just making some breakfast.  baby drew: $30, $35, $40, $45, $50. great.  awww, stuck again.  baby stu: you know, drew, my rocket ship is a much better toy than your crash register. baby drew: is not, stewie. baby stu: is too. baby drew: is not. baby stu: is too. baby drew: is not. baby stu: is...  hey, blocky and oxwinkle.  svetana: soon, elk and weasel will be kablooie. yuri says "elk and weasel" and hide to try to keep from being seen by the show's titular characters. blocky picks up the bomb and gives it to yuri.) blocky: hey, mister. you left your clock in the middle of the street. good thing we conveniently showed up to return it to you before someone runs over it.  svetana: blasted borderkauv. but we will get them next time, my little, evil schwartznik.  blocky: tune in for the continued adventures of "the blast from within" or "an alkaseltzer adventure," next time on the blocky and oxwinkle show.  blocky: in thirty minutes. baby stu:  thirty minutes. that's almost forever. baby drew: that's okay, stewie. we'll play a game. baby stu:  oh, no. baby drew: oh, yes. we're gonna play "haggle". baby stu: but i hate that game.  baby drew: here's twenty. baby stu:  no. baby drew: take it. baby stu: no. baby drew: take it.  now which toy do you want to buy.  mr. machine. good choice. that's ten dollars.  baby drew: you're supposed to haggle.  offer me less. baby stu: you said it cost ten. baby drew: you gotta haggle. baby stu:  i wouldn't haggle if you gave me fivehundred dollars. baby drew: twohundred, and that's my final offer. baby stu: i'm not playing.  baby drew: hey.  drew: well, if you hadn't kicked my cash register, i wouldn't have thrown your rocket. stu: oh, yeah. well, if you hadn't made me play that dumb game, i wouldn't havelou: dagnabbit, will you two cut it out..  angelica: did they really only have tv in black and white then, grandpa. lou: yep. and no remote control, neither. angelica: get outta town. didi: so, what happened next, pop. lou: well, i was angrier than a swarm o' hornets. it was time to teach 'em a lesson. angelica: what'd you do, grandpa. push 'em in the mud. make 'em eat bugs. put itching powder in their diapers. lou: nope, something much worse.  blocky: hurry, oxwinkle. it's time to obliviously save the day in the nick of time...  young lou: no more blocky and oxwinkle.  young lou: you can blubber all you want, but it ain't gonna help. now you two sprouts play nice. if you're real good, i'll let ya' watch lawrence welk tonight.  young lou:  whoop. time to open up the store.  baby stu:  it's all your fault. baby drew: is not. baby stu: is too. baby drew: is not. baby stu: is too. baby drew: is not times athousandtrillion. baby stu: is too times athousandmillionbillion. baby drew:  well, it doesn't matter now 'cause we're not gonna get to watch blocky and oxwinkle anyway. baby stu: yes we will. baby drew: we will. baby stu: it's our right as babies to watch cartoons, and that's what we're gonna do. and nobody, not our mom, not our dad, not even president weisenhimer is gonna stop us. are you with me. baby drew: no. but whatever it is, i'll do it anyway.  mr. namby:  oh, new fangled adding machines. young lou: what's the problem.  baby drew: hurry.  baby stu: turn it on, turn it on. baby drew: which button do we push. baby stu: this one.  phonograph singer: yaaaaaaaaa. baby drew: turn it off, turn it off.  radio reporter: meanwhile, president wisenheimer...uh, eisenhower, continues to deny that the downed plane was on a us... baby drew: oh, it's the news. change it again. radio reporter: ...for questioning and...  blocky: it's the blocky and oxwinkle show. baby drew, baby stu: yay.  blocky: ow.  baby stu: what happened. baby drew: i don't know. it's broked. baby stu: we gotta find another tv before blocky and oxwinkle is over. baby drew: but where are we gonna find another tv. baby stu: i know, back downstairs. come on.  young lou: don't worry, now, i've got everything under control. you can pick it up at five o'clock.  that's five o'clock, friday.  baby stu: what if they're broke, too. baby drew: we gotta try 'em and see.  young lou: ahh, golden silence. keep behavin', and i might let you sprouts stay up to watch peyton place.   young lou:  namby again. i wonder what it is this time.  yes, mr. namby. what is it now. mr. namby: it's the edzell. it won't start. young lou: you know, i'm really not a mechanic, mr. namby. mr. namby: could you just come out and take a look. young lou: oh, i suppose so.  the kids'll be okay for five minutes.  baby stu: wait, drew. i got a better idea.  phonograph singer: there you go, mr. namby. good as new.  young lou: did i mention i'm not a real mechanic.  baby drew:  i don't know about this. baby stu: hey, drew, i just want you to know that, well, if you don't make it, then i'm glad you're my big brother. baby drew: don't worry. it's not nearly as far as bluto  or even the moon. and besides, i'm not going, you are.  baby stu: me. baby drew:  yeah. baby stu: hey, hey, wait a minute. i don't know if... baby drew: jump.  baby stu: it's the dimstones. blocky and oxwinkle are up there.   try the next one.  baby stu: oh, no, it's the stetsons.   try the last one.  svetana: cursed kalamuzzov. they have feeling our evil plan is going to fail again, just like in the other 397 episodes. baby stu: it's blocky and oxwinkle, but it's broke. baby drew:  fix it, fix it.  baby stu: i did it, drew. i did it.  young lou: well, can't fix 'em all.  young lou: what in tarnation.   blocky: now let me get this straight, oxwinkle. you say a little man with a moustache offered to fix our breaks for free. oxwinkle: uhhuh, uhhuh. blocky: our car troubles are over.  svetana: hohoho, our plan is working, yuri. soon, elk and weasel will be swiss cheese, hahahaha.  young lou: why you rambunctious little rugrats. i ought to...  hey. how'd you get the filco working.  young lou:  uhoh.  angelica: so, you didn't punish 'em, grandpa. lou: didn't have the heart. anyway, they were doing just what i wanted 'em to. angelica: what's that. lou: gettin' along. angelica: can i get a trampelean, daddy. can i. drew: sure, muffin. we'll go back to the toy store later. stu: oh, that's silly, drew, i can make you one. drew: thanks, but i'd rather buy one. stu:  what did you say. drew: i said "i'd rather buy one."  stu: oh, so now we're back to that again. drew: back to what again. stu: you putting down my inventions. drew: you're putting words in my mouth. stu:  i'll put my fist in your mouth. , getting their attention and breaking their argument. the two each look through a pair of binoculars.) blocky: don't look now, oxwinkle, but i think we're being watched. take a look over there.  svetana: ruscaldiacov. elk and weasel have binoculars, too.  we have to find sneaker way to trick them, my little nogoodnik darling.  lou: guess some things will never change.  ) )