this does not please me said the beautiful princess. you are a silly silly prince come on sweetie. today's your special day. huh. the woodbury school is very exclusive and, welllet's just say not everybody gets to go here. ah, here's room 4. but mommy. why do i have to go to school. oh, angelica. there is no end to the value of a good education. it'll bring you wisdom, confidence, understanding, and all the best toys. huh, wow, they do "got" the best toys. but what are all these other kids doing here. well, those are your new classmates. the best and the brightest. the creme de la creme. the future movers and shakers of america. oh brother. well, this must be angelica. huh. oh, good. miss appleby. ms. pickles. welcome to our nurturing, caring, learning center. welcome to the woodbury school, angelica. we are very happy to have you here. this is angelica's lunch. the brie should be soft by noon. and try to remember, she likes her juice served at exactly 45 degrees. must dash, honey. make mommy proud. hmm. now, let's just put your bag in the cloak room. there we go. well, angelica. all your classmates are waiting to meet you. just go on over and introduce yourself. uh, i don't know. it, it doesn't look like we like the same kind of games. well, perhaps you could show them the kinds of games you like to play. now have fun. if you need me, i'll be at my desk. well, i guess i could introduce them to cynthia.nah, they're just a bunch of dumb kids. they wouldn't appreciate her. well, if they can't appreciate my toy, maybe i'll just play with their toys instead. my turn. hey, that's not how we share. that's how i share. huh. angelica. children. ..the zoo to name their price, jonathan. that gorilla will make the perfect mascot for our soccer match with chumbatomba industries.' hi angelica, how was school. oh, it was, uh, great aunt didi. i think i got a really good education today mommy. hold on jonathan, wonderful news. angelica had a good first day. oh that's fabulous sweetie. hey, that's my stupid cynthia hair drying center. hands off, you dumb baby. but i was playing with that. hold on jonathan.something wrong, drew. angelica just told me about her wonderful day. well, she couldn't have been talking it seems that angelica has some issues in the sharing department."jonathan, i'll call you back."since tomorrow is our share day, it would be helpful if she brought in her favorite plaything to share with the class. yours truly, miss appleby." sharing issues.. our daughter, well, uh, how can this by. angelica. could you come here a second sweetie.' got something for me mommy. a surprise. angelica. i understanding you've had some, uh, sharing problems in school. i sure did mommy. nobody would let me have their stuff. angel, when you don't share, well, it, it won't look good on the application for harvard. so, tomorrow you'll take cynthia to school to share with your class. what.. i mean... what a great idea. but, actually cynthia isn't my favorite anymore. really. well, uh, what is. well, it's not really a what. it's more of a, it's more of a who. i don't think baby cousins qualify for share day, angelica. but i play with him all of the time, and he's cute and he really wetsjust like a real doll, only he goes ow when you poke him. ow. he's my most "favoritest" toy, and i would love to share him with you. that's no toy. that's a baby. who wants to share a baby anyway. why don't you share that doll that you keep in your backpack. uh... a doll. why yes, that would be very appropriate. hello. jonathan, this is not a good time. angelica's having a bad meeting.what do you mean they won't let us have the gorilla. of course, we'd take good care of it. you're getting a gorilla. i lived with them in africa for three years. and i'm sure they miss you, but this is business. miss appleby. make angelica share her toy. um, i, um jonathan, you know i want to, i free activity everyone.please charlotte, let me talk to him. no. it kind of doesn't sound like they really want to play with me angelica. of course they do tommy. in fact, they want to play with you so much, they brought in a bunch of toys for you to play with. they did.. sure. they're right over there in the baby room. ooh, the baby room. but i'm a big monkey expert. well, i'm a big important executive. give me that. no. hey, what's the baby doing with our stuff. he's playing with your truck, rickie. a baby's playing with your truck. hey baby. that's mine. it worked to tommy, confronted by the class) and she told me you brought in all this stuff just to share this stuff with me. all this stuff just to share this stuff with me. oh yeah.. yeah, and i'm having lots of fun with it, like this truck you got. i'm playing that it's a diaper truck. a diaper truck, huh. is it going to make it in time. gee, why wouldn't it. 'cause teddy bears and dinosaurs and big bunnies are coming to block the road. those kids are so dumb, they think they're having fun sharing their toys with a dumb baby while we got all this stuff to ourselves. ha. hey, tommy. look at this special army helicopter. wow. it's coming to save the truck. it makes me proud to be a baby. yeah, i used to like it too. those were the days. give me that. no. get your own. oh cynthia, this is the most "wonderfulest" castle ever. now we can both be princesses.we have it all, cynthia. you and me, me and cynthia. sitting here, alone. wow, tommy. you sure know how to make up the "bestest" game. wait a minute. he's just a dumb baby. i make up way better games than him.hey, don't you kids know you can't play a good game without cynthia. who's cynthia. who's cynthia she's only the "bestest" doll in the whole "muniverse". look. well, i like her hair. what does she do. she does everything. she sings, she dances, and she also plays the stock market. i didn't know cynthia could do that stuff. oh, you've got to use your imagination. here, give me that truck, i'll show ya.here i come on the diaper truck. the bunnies don't scare me 'cause i'm cynthia. but what about the fire truck angelica. that's not a fire truck. that's a lipstick truck. here, you hold cynthia, i'll take that. now somebody find me something that can be the shoe delivery truck. how about this. too small. cynthia has lots of shoes. my teddy bear can carry 'em. wow, angelica. you're game is really fun. can i hold cynthia now. sure, but if you mess up her hair, mr. bear gets it. ) )