you're right, cynthia. this house does have the best pool." it might make a good summer home for the birthday girl." oh, hello, daddy. i put together a list of some lastminute suggestions." remember, there's still valuable shopping time before my party." oh, look what came for you in today's mail, pumpkin." oh, boy. a birthday card. ha." cupcake, you're so excited, you dropped the card on the floor." here, let me read it to you. happy birthday, little lady, you're a whole year older today, and everyone knows because it shows, you're a grownup in every way." love, grandma." aw, don't cry, daddy, i'm sure grandma just forgot to put the money in there. we can always call her and have her wire it over." no, no, it's not that, muffin. it's just that daddy's thinking about how his sweet baby girl is becoming a little lady." well, of course i am, daddy. and pretty soon, i'll be a grown up, and do whatever i want." oh, boy, the years just fly by, don't they. now that you're a year older, your mother and i will be able to treat you more like a grown up, and trust you with more responsibilities." sponsibilities. you mean, like, i get to stay up late and eat ice cream whenever i want." no, honey. responsibilities means taking care of yourself. doing things like clearing your own plate from the table, picking up your own toys, paying a mortgage...things grownups do." wait a minute, that doesn't sound like fun." well, maybe not, cupcake, but part of growing up is doing things that you have to do, not just doing whatever you want. it's not all fun. there's a lot of hard work, too." angelica: "hard work." end of discussion on that one, am i right. and well, of course i am. now listen, jonathan, i told you i wanted the caterers here by noon. i don't want any excuses, this is my daughter's birthday." angelica's upstairs, pop." and if that karaoke machine doesn't work, it's going to be your head, jonathan." happy birthday, honey." thanks, grandpa." something wrong." grandpa, what's it like to be old." old. hmmm, that's one doozy of a question there. well, let's see." first, your back starts to go, and it's tough to get out of bed in the morning. and then it's the hearing, and then the teeth, and the eyes, and... well, before you know it, you're eating tapioca and getting sponge baths. hmm... come to think of it, old age does have its good points." is that gonna happen to me." happens to everyone, i'm afraid. take my advice and enjoy the best years of your life while you can. oh, to think i was at woodstock. those pesky kids sure made a racket, though. scuse' me a sec." where are you going, grandpa." let's just say it's another part of getting old." what do you mean, 'no russian circus'. i thought you lined that up months ago. hold on." take that out back to the tent, will you, boys." now, jonathan, listen. you tell those circus people we had a verbal contract, and if they ever want to work in this town again, they'll make sure not to cancel a charlotte c. pickles deal." what. 'deported'. they can't be deported until after the performance, can they. this is an outrage." well, cynthia, it looks like it's all over for us." hi, angelica. um, we have something for you." happy birthday." it's a mud pie.' it's our favorite flavor. mud." don't you like it, angelica." no, thanks. i'm too old for that silly kid stuff." too old." yeah. i got sponsibilities now." sponsibiliries." that means i'm not allowed to have fun anymore for the rest of my life." but angelica, it's your birthday." yeah, on your birthday, everybody's gotta be nice to you, and give you presents," and you get to blow out all the candles and make a special birthday wish," and then, you get to eat cake and ice cream until you throw up." h, chuckie, sweet, simple chuckie, the only thing that would make me happy is to never get a year older as long as i live." what do you mean." gettin' old's fun." no, no, little phil. getting old is nothing but misery and woe." wow. it's too bad you can't stay little like us." yes. it's too bad i can't stay little like... wait a minute, that's it." uhoh." angelica. you growed down. sure did. now i'm just a wittwe tiny baby again, and no one can give me any sponsibilites or nothing. can angelica really do this." i don't know, chuckie, but things will sure be different around here if she's gonna be a baby again." yeah, if she's a baby, she'll be one of us." and if she's just one of us, maybe she can't push us around anymore." or steal our toys anymore." or make us wear those frilly panties." um, i don't want to talk about it." take the sheep out back. didn't i say all the farm animals go in the tent. and don't skimp on the streamers. let's have lots of color. lots and lots of color." ada. howard, chas, you look so... so funny." thanks, charlotte. we're bringing back our old clown act for angelica's party." ou are. sure. when we were in school, howard and i made all of our spending money off of birthday clown appearances." you did." eah, i guess you could say we clowned our way through college, huh, howard. well, i've really got enough enertainment for today, so..." just give us one minute before you say no. we'll give you a quick preview right here." presenting, the amazing flubbo, and his sidekick, looney boy." nd now, for our next trick... oops." smooth move, flubbo." okay. okay. you've got the job. the kids will love this routine." so, let me get this straight. you're gonna act just like a baby." you got a problem with that." no, but that means you can't do a lot of stuff. like playing big kid games," or crossing the street," or eating solid food." no problem, it'll be easy." i don't know, angelica, i'm not sure you can do it." oh, yeah. just give me any baby thing to do, and i'll do it just as good as any of you." okay, angelica. why don't you get some milk." milk. no problem." daddy." ah, ah, ah. no talking to the grownups." calmly] "oh." angelica, are you all righ..." what the dickens. angelica, what are you doing dressed like that. what's going on here." oh, i'm fine, daddy, but i would like some..." um, moo. moo. moomoo." now, if you want something, you talk like a big girl, not a baby." moomoo." okay. how bout' if you change out of those diapers, while daddy gets you some milk." moomoo. moomoo." ha. now that's service." charlotte, you're not gonna believe this. angelica's crawling around her room, dressed like a baby, i mean, she won't even speak to me." drew, i really am busy." i've gotta go out back and check on the chocolate swan sculpture, and the chinese acrobats are here." well, what should i do with her. whenever she wants something, she just cries." drew, relax, it's just a phase. it's her party, and she can cry if she wants to." well, i'm gonna go see if i can at least get her to put on her vanzetti party dress. i mean, she always likes getting dressed up." please, honey. it's such a pretty dress. and i'm sure it costs a lot of money." there. that's better." oh." nice to see you, glad you could make it. uhhuh, presents over there on the table, that's right, uhhuh. oh, by the way, jonathan, we haven't recieved your present yet." well, i got to admit it, angelica, so far, you're doing great." told you i could do it." ere's the birthday girl, kids. what are you doing, angelica." yeah, you look like a baby." uh. ids. time for the piata. ool. come on, you guys. re you sure you're not coming, angelica. yeah, don't you want to get all the chocolates for yourself like you did at my party." okay, then." ready, kids. drew, lower it down." she'll never get anywhere with those sissy swings. i'm going out there. wait, angelica." you can't do that." well, piata's my favorite game. i always get all the chocolates. look, if you want to be a baby, you gotta do baby things." and we'd never be allowed to do anything like that. so, if you don't want to have sponsibilieries..." all right, all right, you made your point." i'm gonna miss all the chocolates." by the way, angelica, you can't have any of those little candies, either. they're too dangerous for babies." what. why." well, we might put em' in our nose or something." ounds like a few dumb babies have gone and ruined things for everyone. you can't do anything fun. i mean, look at me. i'm sitting here in a diaper, drinking from a bottle. it may not look like much to you, angelica, but it's our world, and it's all we know." yeah. well, i'm not gonna play by your little baby rules anymore. look out, piata, here i come." good job, angelica. that's the old pickles killer instinct." i guess getting old isn't so bad after all." yeah, you get bigger and stronger," nd you get to eat chocolates," and hit stuff with sticks." eah, i can't wait to get old." look, kids. it's flubbo and gooney boy." hat's looney boy." hey there, kiddies." say, flubbo, what are you doin'." ooh, i'm looking for the birthday girl. whaa." screams] "aaaah." ) )