angelica." cynthia, look what you made me do. that's okay, i'm creative, i don't have to color inside the lines. i'll just make it a nighttime picture." how's the cleanup coming, l..." angelica, you haven't cleaned up any of your toys." like my drawing, daddy." angelica, this is the end of the line. i am afraid i'm gonna have to take some action. i'm... i'm... i'm gonna... i'm gonna talk to mommy about your behavior." jonathan, i want my fax machine repaired today. i don't care if it's sunday. it's monday in japan, and you can bet they're not sitting on their tushes in tokyo." hi, friends. broken toaster." tv on the fritz." jammed fax machine." call sal fusco, home office king. call me day and night, seven days a week." call 555king. that's 555king. remember, i'll treat you..." like royalty." charlotte, i..." charlotte, it's about angelica." you mean our little princess." a real princess." hear that, cynthia. wait'll i tell the babies. so, let me get this straight, you're a real princess." yeah, i heard my mommy and daddy talkin' and that's what they said. and then they said it was a secret, and i wasn't sposed' to find out." my real mommy and daddy are a king and queen, and they'd never yell at me, or make me put away toys are do nothin' mean to me at all." hey, what if we do a test like in the fairy tales." look. we'll do the princess rapoozle test." it's the only way we'll know for sure." yeow. let go of my hair. let go of my hair." oof. ow. what's the matter with you. that's no way to treat a princess." now, this is the princess and the pea test. it'll tell us for sure. real princess' spin is so soft, they can feel a pea through a whole lot of blankets." okay, chuckie, where's that pea you were getting." give me that." you did it, angelica, you're a real princess. you didn't even have to get all the way up the pile, and it still hurt." but you guys, we didn't use a real pea." okay, okay, one more test." and this time, nobody better eat any of it. it's just like cindereller. if the slipper fits, it means i'm a princess. tommy, bring in the slipper." go ahed, tommy, put it on me." it fits, it fits." well, i hope you babies are satisfied." i'm sorry we ever questioned you, princess angelica." the royal feet." now help me pack, and hurry." my real daddy is probably gonna be here soon to rescue me and frisk me off to the palace." come on, servants. we're going downstairs to wait for the king." want a lollipop, princess angelica." where is he." yep, any minute now, he'll take me away from my evil stepparrents." he's not coming. he's just gonna leave me here with the pickles, and they're gonna make me clean up my toys and brush my teeth and never have any fun. my life is over." guess the king just forgot about you." princesses might have to live with evil stepparents, princessess might even be made to clean up their toys, but whenever there's a princess in trouble, sooner or later, she gets rescued." and angelica, you're gonna get rescued, too." look." it's the king." it's even got a crown on it." you mrs. pickles." uh, uh, right this way." that's him, that's the king." and his robe." you're really leaving." wow, it sure looks fancy." hey, angelica, can we come with you to the palace and play with all your diamonds and furs." and ride on the royal ponies." hey, angelica." get out of here. you want me to get caught." me, too." hey, babies, kneel down for a second." i'm scared of the dark." sir phil, eater of earthworms. lady lil, loudest screamer in the land." sir charles, fraidy cat extraordinaire." and sir thomas, the bravest baby of them all." bye." what do you mean, a hundred bucks." yeah." hey, that's what you pay for quality." well, we did it. it's a princess' life for me, cynthia. nothin' but video games, ponies, and chocolate chip cookies." have it back tomorrow morning. i need it tomorrow." wow, she's really leaving." yeah." cynthia, this palace thing is gonna be great. i'll just be sittin' on my throne and readin' comic books all day long, and best of all, i won't ever have to see those evil stepparents again." 'miss em'. why would i miss em. all they ever did was make me clean up my room. and read me bedtime stories and... kiss me good night and... take care of me when i'm sick and... oh, cynthia, i've made a terrible mistake. what do i do." good idea, cynthia." help. let me out of here. help, mr. king person. help." so, things at the castle got kinda boring, and i decided to come back home." let's just let that be our little secret. okay, tommy." sorry about the trouble." oh, yeah, and your fax just needed another roll of paper." oh, daddy. you're the best daddy ever." ) )