well, charles dropped chuckie off. looks like he's back on his feet. hi, chuckie. are you over your little cold. oh, that's good. well, you'll all be glad to know that there won't be a leaf anywhere on a pickles lawn this fall. stu, i know that keeping our lawn leaf free is important to you, but  important.. hah. he's obsessed. he tried to wrap the trees in plastic last year. well, that won't be necessary because i've just invented the ""leaf lifter"".  a revolutionary, self propelled vacuum that automatically eliminates all leafy materials. i had a machine like that in my day. called it a rake. hehe... come on sprout. let's get you out in the fresh air i'm telling you pop. as soon as we get a lawn full of leaves, you'll see that this is much better than a rake. sure, sure... this is like "rake plus."  it's "autorake". it will set the whole leaf removal market on fire. oh dear. hi guys. oh, hi chuckie. wow, you look a lot better today. that's cause i'm not sick no more. you looked terrible the other day. your face was all funny colored. yeah, but now i'm all better. and you had stuff coming out of your mouth and ears. yeah, but  remember your arms felt like spike's nose. well, a little and then you bent over and held your tummy and funny noises "comed" out of your mouth  like that. oh, i don't feel so good. yeah, you were that color. here kids. i have some yummy apple juice for you what's a matter chuckie. don't you want any apple juice. um, maybe later. right now, i think i'll just sit down. any day now pop. just a few more leaves and varooomm. leaf removal will never be the same. ah ha. i'm still partial to the rake. what are you lookin' at tommy. did your ball fall into the sky. no, it's the tree. those leaves aren't the color they're supposed to be.  you're right, tommy. they're a different color. whenever i see leaves on trees, they're green. what do you think happened. maybe they jumped. how come they turned that funny color. maybe they're sick. chuckie turned a funny color when he was sick. oh, now that's silly. how can a tree get sick.  oh no. it was me. i hurt the tree. what are you talking about chuckie. the apple juice. i spilled it on tree and now the tree is sick. oh no. oh look chuckie. there's even more funny colored leaves up higher. oh, i'm sorry tree. i didn't mean to hurt you. chuckie, it was only apple juice. tommy, do you see any apples on this tree. this isn't an apple tree. putting apple juice on this tree is like, is like giving birdfood to a "goldflish." uh, you're not "asupposed" to do that. that must be why flippy had to go to the hospital in the potty. what are we gonna do. maybe it needs medicine. what kind of medicine do you give a tree. i once "hearded" my dad say this was mabel's tree. maybe we can find mabel. she might have medicine for it. when i was sick, my dad gave me cough syrup. maybe mabel's tree just needs mabel's syrup. mabel's syrup. i had that on my pancakes one time. come on, let's go find some. hey guys. i think i found it. looks like "pancapes" come on, let's try it. is anything happening. i don't think so. but i'm gettin' kind of hungry for "pancapes". is it working chuckie. i'm sorry tree. i'm sorry i made you sick and sticky. uh, don't cry chuckie. uh, maybe it just takes time. you'll see. we'll come out tomorrow and the tree will be all better. are you sure. absolutely tommy. you said it would be better tomorrow, and now it's tomorrow and it's "worser". wow, i didn't know there were that many leaves on the tree. uh, uh, don't worry chuckie. uh, we'll figure out how to make the tree healthy again. how. well, uh, chuckie turned a funny color when he got sick. but when he got all better, he was a regular color again, right. right. so, if we make the tree look like it did before it got sick, then it will be all better too. but to do that, we'll have to color all the leaves their regular color and put them all back on the tree. exactly, how hard could it be. this is hard. we gotta keep going you guys. can we use this color for the leaves. that's purple. we have to use green. that's the color leaves are when they're healthy. but i used up all my green crayons. all mine are "broked." oh, what are we gonna do. there must be something green around here we can use.  hmmm... my diaper's coming loose. can't stop now. now, what do we do. it's like a big crayon. just pick some up and color on the "leafs." ew, this crayon's too mushy. yeah, it's just makin' my fingers sticky.  yeah, but it tastes better than, uh, other things. finally, sufficient depth of leaves to truly test the capabilities of the "leaf lifter". it's an awful lot of leaves, stu. even if your invention works, where are you going to put them all. not a problem deed. you see, this little vacuum packing attachment will condense a yard full of leaves into a block only slightly larger than my head. oh, look at the kids, stu. standing over there with nothing to do. why don't i pack up their lunch and you can take them to the park. the leaves will wait. deed, if you don't start taking up leaves as soon as they hit the ground, you'll fall tragically behind in the quality of your leaf removal. it's a well known fact. couldn't you just do it later.  honey, if benjamin franklin had taken time away from inventing electricity, we'd all be burning whale oil right now. oh, come on kids. i guess you'll just have to lunch here. what do we do now tommy. yeah, the mushy green crayon didn't work on the leaves. well, the ones that are falling off are the funny color right. well, maybe if we just stick them back on the tree, they'll turn green again. what's that. tommy, your dad's vacuum is eating all the leaves. we gotta stop it or we'll never make the tree all better. eat faster, you guys. boy, you kids are hungry today. i'll get you some more. oh, my tummy hurts. oh no. it "eated" up every leaf. boy, i bet the vacuum's tummy hurts too. come on. we've got to find our leaves and get them back on the tree. do you think they're in here. come on. let's open it up. oh, yay. we'll be done in no time, guys. come on sprouts. didi wants you down for a nap. huh. uh, hmmm... stu. what happened. you know deed. maybe having a leaf free yard isn't so important. a few leaves are good. after all, leaves are what make autumn, autumn. right.  well i always thought so. uh, i have an idea. maybe i'll forget about the lawn and take the kids to the park. well that would be wonderful. have a nice time. thanks pop. sorry chuckie. we tried to make the tree all better.  i know.  look chuckie. hey, all the trees are sick. but. but i couldn't make them all sick. you're right chuckie. you couldn't of. i don't think they're sick at all. you don't. no. this has to just be something that trees do. then that means we don't have to do anything about the leaves. i think we do. so it wasn't sick after all. boy, is mabel gonna be happy. ) )