"i think he's hungry." "i think he's cold 'cause he doesn't gots no furs." "nah, he's scared. i've seen chuckie squawk like that lots of times." "oh, i miss chuckie, i wish he was here instead of at his grandma's and grandpa's." "maybe he likes being at his grandma's and grandpa's." "oh yeah, then..i wish he was there." "i thought he was there," "oh no. look." "he's coming this way. come on." "the baby bird, i gots to go back." "no, tommy, the big shoes will squish you." "i can make it." "you saved him." "good going tommy." "look his brother and sister." "tommy, oh, poor baby, did that mean thorny bush scratch you. don't worry schnookums, mommy knew this day would come. mommy will fix it. now this will sting a little." "now we'll just put one of these on to keep your cut all nice and clean. all better, what a brave boy." "so that's why your mommy was hugging and kissing you extra lots." "cause you got a boo boo." "not a regular boo boo. stuff came out of my finger." "was it spit." "no, it was red and sticky." "is there more red stuff in there." "yeah, but it can't come out no more, cause of my sticky thing. see. it's from my mommy's first grade kit. it's like when i had my rooster shot only this one has reptar on it." reptar. let me see." "can i try it on." "no. if you take it off, the red stuff will come out, and i'll shrivel up." "then i'll just get my own reptar sticky. here poke me with this." "i'm not going to do that phillip. it was my idea, you poke me first." "you guys. listen to me, it's no fun to be cutted. first it hurts, then you get sprayed with stingy stuff, and it hurts even more and then.." "how about we stop for ice cream." "we get ice cream. this cutted thing keeps getting better and better." "i need a sticky here phillip." "i think you need two stickys and six for me." "but my pretend boo boo is bigger than yours." "i'm apposed to be the doctor. i get to side who's boo boo is bigger." "here tommy, for your pretend boo boo." "i don't wanna play." "why not tommy." "because he's got a real boo boo you dumb babies. oh tommy, i just heard about your cut and i was so worried about you." "you were." "sure tommy, only us kids that got cutted know what an awful sperience it is. when it happened to me..but you probably don't want to hear about that." "we do, we do." "yeah, tell us, go ahead." "well there i was minding my own busyness. playing on mommy's stair climbing machine." "i thought you weren't apposed to play on the stair climbing machine." "was it my fault that i fell off the stupid thing, and cutter my knee, and lots of blood came out.." "blood." "well it sure wasn't tomater soup." "was there...lots of it." "oh yes. it got all over mommy's dress i was accidentally wearing. they had to wrap me up like a mummy to keep all my blood in, and then they took me to the hospital so i wouldn't get an inflection." "what's that." "it's when germ bugs fly in and swim around in your blood, and pretty soon you get tangerine." "tangerine. oh that sounds bad." "oh it is, you turn all orange and your legs fall off. of course i didn't get tangerine cause i had stitches." "what's that." "like when aunt didi sewed your teddy bear after spike ripped it's head off and all the stuffing fell out." "they sewed you up with a sewing machine.." "no silly, i was too big. uh you could probably still fit though." "me." "oh no tommy don't worry, not for this liddle boo boo. i mean for..next time." "come on tommy come out and play." " can we get a sewing machine out here.' "hurry phillip, there's lots of sick dollies out there." "hi guys, whatcha playing." "ambulance. want to be the driver." "um..ok." "i'll be ok, i'll be ok." "i'm kind of busy today angelica. are you sure you need me to sew cynthia's dress right now." "oh yes aunt didi, cynthia needs to wear it to a ball so she can meet prince chairman, and live happily ever after." "oh well,if it's for romance." " i know what he needs, some fresh air. come on champ lets go to the park." "wanna slide tommy." "uh no thanks guys, i'm just going to look at my book." "good boy," "tommy, spike's getting away." " and he's going to get squishered." "it's worser than the big shoes." "what should we do tommy." "uh..i..um..i don't know." "poor spikey, i can't look." "me either," " wow, you didn't even save your own dog "maybe he's sick," " let's go play on the jungle gym before he throws up." "he wouldn't play at all, i couldn't even get him to swing. you think he's coming down with something." "hmmm.. feels normal." "hey. you think he misses chuckie." "stu thats it. oh poor tommy, hmmm it's a good thing chuckie comes home tomorrow. i thought they put more of these in a box." " and, and i didn't even mind when grandma squished me and when she hugged me cause we had lots of treats and my grandma got me this." " wow." "i can't wait to show tommy." "i don't know, tommy's been acting kind of funny." "what do you mean." "ssh, here he is." "hi tommy.' "hi chuckie, boy i'm glad your back. i got lots of stuff to tell you about." "me too tommy. i saw all kinds of neat stuff and, and my grandma got me this pinwheel. look." "chuckie." "tommy." " chuckie." "tommy you saved my life. tommy you gots a boo boo." "it was worth it chuckie even if all my blood comes out, and i shrivel up or get an inflection." "why would that happen tommy." "cause i gots this boo boo when you were at your grandma and grandpa's house, and now i gots this one." "tommy listen, i had a boo boo just like that once. let me show you something." "ow. why did you do that. now the blood's going to come out." "no it wont. see. this one's almost gone." "then, then this one's going to be ok too." "look guys its a mirable, my cuts gone." " a mirable." "wait didn't we have pretend boo boos." "oh no tommy's got another cut." "i wonder why he's not crying." "now let's not alarm him. hey snookums, can mommy see your finger." "good thing we have that fancy first aid kit." ) )