yep, nothing says "potluck" like grandma deville's creole surprise. tada. the finster green tomatocelery aspic.  the trick is deseeding the tomatoes.  mixed nuts.  we've been on vacation. : hey, bro. did you check out that museum of the strange and unusual i told you about. oh, we sure did. it was great.  yes, we owe you for that.  there was the biggest grownup in the world and the smallest grownup in the world. and there was a little hat made all out of chewing gum. they even had a twoheaded cow. whoa.  darn. i dropped that last piginablanket.  whoa, that's a pretty small pig. maybe we should give it to that weird place angelica was talking about.  hmm, the world's smallest hot dog. sorry, cynthia, but you need to look really weird. sorry, tommy. that's ok, chuckaroo.  oops, did i mess up your picture again.  no, i was gonna draw it that way anyway. i've never bumped you before, tommy. i always sit here and you always sit there.  do you think my arm growed. no  oh, chuckie, i know.  'cause you used to put your crayon in the hand next to spike's doghouse, remember.  oh, yeah. guess i forgot. . this hand colours better.  chuckie's very artistic, chas. hey, uh, i never noticed before, but is he lefthanded. oh, uh, he's been switching back and forth.  i'm sure it's perfectly normal.  normal.. you know what being lefthanded means, don't you.  uh, using your left hand. exactly. which means chuckie will be different. and then he won't fit in. and then he won't make the right friends and then he'll never get into an ideal college. now, charlotte, that's not true. lefthanders can do everything righthanders do. : wasn't uncle hugh a lefty. yeah. he never had a problem. except remember how he always put his pants on backwards. stu, please.  chuckie will be just fine.  well, maybe i should encourage chuckie to use his right hand. now, chas, i'm sure that's not necessary. maybe lipschitz has some thoughts. of course. why didn't i think of lipschitz before. he has that new while you wait toddler concentration chaos guide at the mall. i could still get there before they close. . why did your daddy go away so fast, chuckie. i think it was 'cause i was colouring with my wrong hand instead of my right hand. guys, i didn't even know there was a right and wrong hand. they look the same to me. no. no, there's something wrong with this one.  step right up to see angelica's weird stuff show. come see the seventh wonder of the world: the twoheaded doll. hey, angelica. you got a twoheaded doll.. that's right, timmy. price of admission is one cookie. oh, that's just two dolls stuck together. is not. for your information, cynthia and cynthia were born this way. that's not worth a cookie.  hey, you don't get that back.  i think it's very special that chuckie's lefthanded. only ten percent of the population is, you know. deed, he'll need special scissors, desks, notebooks...and he'll never be able to drive a stick shaft. well, i can't even do that. aunt didi, can i play with cousin dil. no, honey, he's got a little cold today. humph.  hi, angelica. what's the matter with finster. chuckie's sad 'cause he does everything with his wrong hand. . oh, that's not his wrong hand, it's his left hand. don't you babies know anything.. my left hand. so it's not wrong. well, i didn't say that exactly. in fact, only ten persons in the whole poopulation are lefthanded. only ten. then i'm really special. you're not special, chuckie. you're...different. you're gonna have to use different stuff like spoons and clothes and food. oh, and you can never drive a car.  oh, why does it have to happen to me. it's not all bad, chuckie. now, you can be in angelica's weird stuff show. you'll be my main distraction. chuckie the lefthanded boy. um, uh, uh, thanks anyway, angelica but i don't think i wanna be in your show. i just wanna be chuckie the regular boy.  okay, but don't come crying to me when you can't get a real job. i don't wanna be different, tommy. i wanna be like everybody else. well, you used to use your right hand. i thought you could do it again. you think so.  sure. come on. . come and see dil, the ickiest baby in the known world. only one cookie.  not for you, goo boy.  that's just a baby. hey, my nose runs too.  hey. get back here. you owe me a cookie.  byebye.  oh, i can't do it. i can't make toys go or hammers squeak or throw a ball. i'm never gonna be like regular babies ever again. i'm gonna just always be different. i guess i'll just have to be in angelica's show after all. i'm gonna go now.  angelica. i'm ready to be your main distraction. oh, chuckie. well, i've got some really, really good distractions already.  that's the most driedup dead fly that's ever lived  and that's a real true dinosaur bone  and that's uncle stu's gross potato salad. why is that there. it's got yucky green things in it. so i guess you don't need me. see ya.  i just 'membered. all potato salad's got yucky green things in it but there's only one lefthanded boy.  let me get you a crayon so people can see how weird you are.  hi, chuckaroo. um, are you having fun. well, kind of. except i have to sit next to an old dead fly.  no talking to my main distraction. you can see him for a cookie. angelica, why can't i talk to my friends. sorry, chuckie. you can only be friends with weird people now. i gots to be friends with a fly and an old dog bone.  i wanna be friends with tommy and phil and lil. ah, what's so great about them anyway..  look at 'em. phil eats bugs, lil always has a dirty face and tommy's bald and lumpy. there's something wrong with all of them. no, there isn't. they're just different.  yeah, that's for sure. hey, if we're all different, then i'm not weird, i'm the same as you guys. chuckie's right, angelica. we're all different, even you.  me.. what do ya mean. i'm not different. how am i different.. well, um, you're, um, kinda bossy. what. i'm not bossy.  hey. step away from that fly. you babies move over there.  and you, stop sneezing. hey, i am kinda bossy, aren't i. cool. so the people at the lipschitz kiosk said to just give chuckie plenty of reassurance and he'll be fine. well, of course he will. it's only didi who can't drive a stick shift. well, actually, i can't either. oh, and while i was at the mall, i saw this lefthanded store. and it had all these neat things for lefties.  see, here's this lefthanded whisk and a shoehorn and a steam iron, and this really nice pencil.   step right up. come and see weird people from around the world. we got tommy the amazing, bald baby, phil the bugeating boy and lil the dirtiest girl in these ignited states and me the bossiest girl who ever was born.  one at a time. ) )