i really like it when your grandpa listens to his talkymusic box. yeah, 'cause then i get to sing. la,la,la,la,la. i like to dance on my toes. i just like to rock like my mommy does when we were in her rocking chair. what do you like to do, chuckie.  well, sometimes i like to close my eyes, then i listen to the words and 'magine a whole story. hey. i do that, too. you do. yeah, like a picture book. exactly. well, excepts it's got no pages aaand it's not really there. i guess we all do that.  do you think dil 'magines a story when he listens to the words. i don't think so tommy. ii mean dil's nice and everything, but when we were teaching him how to color, all he did was eat the crayons. yeah, but maybe he could still 'magine a story. right, dilly. you can 'magine stuff when you listen to the music, can't you. music. diapee. well, i don't know about the music, but i guess he likes your grandpa singing.  that was come home, tom bailey, and i'm sure he will. and now here's a ditty some of our listeners danced to from the turn of the century bicycle built for two. hey, this is my favoritest song. nah uh. it's my favoritest song. is not, phillip. is so, lillian. well, i'm gonna show dil what the song's about 'cause it's my favoritest song. no. i am 'cause it's my favoritest song.  lillian, lillian. what are you trying to do. i told you it's mine already. but you can have our teddy. we'll look neat upon the seat of a trike that is not for you. hey. phillip, phillip. what are we going to do. we could just try to share it. nah. or maybe our mom can tear it. we will look neat upon the seat of a trikes that are not for you. i said ...... not.....for....you. 2:00. i'm missin' my favorite medical show. and just when they're about to cover insomnia. ahh, your grandpa's taking the talkymusic box away. well, dil's not paying attention to music, anyway. maybe he just needs a song that's about something he knows. like what, chuckie. like this. ahh, chuckie, that's just a birthday card. it's not a regular birthday card. this is the specialest birthday card i ever got. my daddy gave it to me and it plays our favoritest song. he'll understand this song. it's about putting away your troubles so you can be happy. mmm, i'm not sure if he knows what troubles are. sure, he does. every kid's got troubles. i think he likes it, chuckie.  it's not for eating, dil. i guess he needs me to sing the words.  pack up your troubles in your old kid bag and smile,smile,smile. what are you yelling about, finster.. uh, i was singing to dil. we're trying to show dil about music, angelica. yeah, we wanna see if he can make up pictures in his head and makebelieve it. well, how do you 'spect him to do that if he has to listen to finster's dumb song.you gotta sing a song about stuff he likes like candy or cookies or toys. i don't think i know a song like that. that's why you babies are lucky to have me around. babies and gentlemen, interducing the 'mazin' angelica pickles.  toyland. toyland. get out of my way in toyland. do you like that song, dilly. hey. he's thinkin' about it. told ya. ow. yucky. i don't think he liked your song very much, angelica. well, you can't except a dumb,dinky baby that just burps and drools to know anything about music. that's not true, angelica. he may be kinda yucky and he does sorta drool a lot. but, he can do lots of neat stuff,too. well, i'll bet he didn't like those songs 'cause,  'cause they're not about him. and i got the perfect song to prove it. you make me like you if you know i was gonna... you know if i was gonna. tommy, look. i think he's doin' it. i think he's imaginin' something. oh, i think he's doin' something else.  whoa. tommy's right. told ya that little blob'll never 'preciate music.  aunt didi. we gotta stinky baby in here. whoa. i guess someone does need a diaper change. come on, sweetie. yep. just another dumb baby hoggin' up the air from us smart kids. ha. and they thought he could 'magine stuff in that little jellybean shaped head of his. i guess angelica's right. dil just can't 'magine music stories like we do. there. isn't that better.  beautiful dreamer, wake onto me. ) )