"i am definitely going to sport that key chain with pride." lil: "you don't have any keys." phil: "do you know you're a very negative human being." "and now for something really breathtaking the lungs." "dil. your steamed spinach on a bed of chilled spinach is getting cold. and warm." dil : "virginia." didi: "what is he doing." tommy: "last seen, he was practicing burping the 50 states." lou: "burping the... is that what they're teaching them at that school." tommy: "only on the dil pickles curriculum." "virginia, wisconsin, wyoming."  "man. i only count 49."  "alaska."  lou: "whole lot easier in my day. there weren't so goshdarn many states." "and that's the story of the day they wrestled out my tonsils."  lou: "or was it my gall bladder. well, it was something floating in a jar." "hey, tommy, now i know why they call it the spleen screeeeaaaammmm." "let's go. we're still twelve exhibits away from the spleen."  lou: "hold your horses. got a bone to pick. it says here in the brochure that the funny bone's not actually a bone at all. it's uh, some kind of nerve." skeleton animatronic: "talk about nerve. you're ruining my act, pops."  justin: "not to mention our whole day." "man, the spleen scream is one more fun thing we won't be doing today. which also means we can say adios to our key chains." lil: "i know. bringing grandpa lou wasn't exactly a great idea. what was tommy thinking." "and that's what makes the appendix one of the most impressive, yet utterly useless organs." "i'm giving this one to kimi, 'cause she's a good kid... ney. get it. kidney."  "okay, off to the thigh." "no dillydallying, folks. got a lot of body to cover and not much time."  "fast enough for you, thomas." "we're catching up fast." phil: "yeah, but it'd be nice if we could at least stop and smell the mucus." "this is the left lung. right one looks just the same. movin' on." "weell, it's not the first time i threw my goshdarn back out. i remember once when i was chasing tommy, he... he just ripped his diaper off, see, and he was heading for the front yard. oh, you should have seen those cute little butt cheeks flapping in the wind."  tommy: "that tears it. let's go."  lou: "and that's when he learned that bare buns and rose bushes don't mix." "you know what, sean. my grandpa may do some embarrassing stuff sometimes, but he's still my grandpa. so shut your pie hole." "wait a galldarn minute here. if that heart exhibit's on the fritz, why is it beating." "not working. any more bright ideas, mr. filmmaker. i'm too young, cool, and popular to die." : "cool. now i have a liver inside and out. love the key chain." lil: "good. but you still need a key." ) )