spongebob: good morning, day.  oww.  i stubbed my toe.  i stubbed my toe. i was walking around and i stubbed my toe.  d'oh, that was my favorite shirt.  radio dj: and that was "aja" by eely dan. next up is lionel fishy with his hit, "sad song".  spongebob: that's a sad song. squidward:  that spongebob is such a crybaby. and lucky me i get to work with him all day.  mr. krabs:  spongebob, guess what.  yeah, i'll come back later.  spongebob: he was a good little krabby patty.  i didn't know him well, but in the few short seconds between grill and floor, ii came to love him.  it just isn't fair.  squidward: spongebob, will you stop crying.. spongebob: but the krabby patty fell on the floor and he squidward: krabby patty nothing.  krabby patty nothing...  what now. spongebob:  you yelled at me. you yelled at me.  squidward: all right, look. so far today, and it's not even 2:00 yet, you have cried 43 times. spongebob: and you wrote that number on a chalkboard. squidward: yes. spongebob: why. squidward:  i have no idea. spongebob: oh, squidward, there's no way i cry that much. there's not that many tears in my brain. squidward: au contraire.  spongebob: what's this. squidward: it's a quick montage of flashbacks i've edited together that shows the hundreds of tears you have cried over the years.  spongebob:  boo. hoo. boohoo. sob. whimper. narrator: thousands of tears later...  spongebob: wow, guess i do cry a lot. i promise i won't cry anymore. squidward: oh, nonsense. i bet you can't go the rest of the day without crying. spongebob:  excuse me a moment.  patrick:  star... residence. patrick speaking. spongebob: hey, patrick. patrick: hey, buddy. is it 7:30 already. spongebob: no, i'm still at work. patrick: how can i help you. spongebob: do you think that i could go the rest of the day without crying. patrick:  well, of course you can. spongebob: okay, great, thanks patrick. patrick: umm... sure. and did you remember to put that package outside where i told you. spongebob: yeah, but i left it in a different spot. just ask gary, he knows where it is. patrick: oh, yeah.  hey, good one, buddy. you almost had me there. spongebob:  okay. patrick: yeah, talk to you later. spongebob: all right, see ya.  okay, it's a bet. squidward:  fine. if you cry one tear before midnight, you have to...  wash my bike, clean out my rain gutters, and do all my yard work for a year. spongebob: sounds fair to me. and if i make it to midnight without crying, you'll come to a slumber party at my place. just you and me.  ooh, what's the matter. squidward: um, nothing, i just threw up a little in my mouth.  no need to worry, squiddy. you've outdone yourself. he'll be crying in ten minutes.  spongebob: thanks again for walking with me, squidward. squidward: there's a first time for everything.  also, i'd like to win this bet as soon as possible.  spongebob:  i am not gonna cry. i am not gonna cry.  i can do this. squidward:  do what.  oh, my. what a lovely sunset. take a look, spongebob.  isn't that beautiful. spongebob: i've never seen such a beautiful underwater sunset. squidward: really tugs the heartstrings, doesn't it. spongebob:  it's...  squidward: is that a tear i see.  spongebob: oh, well, sunset's over.  nice of you to drop in, neighbor. squidward: nice of you to have me, i oh, look spongebob. gary's sleeping.  spongebob:  aww. he looks like an angel. squidward: that is just so adorable. almost makes you want to cry.  spongebob: yeah.  no. there shall be no tears in this house tonight.  lalalalalalalalalalalalalalalala.  squidward: oh, spongebob. spongebob:  yes. squidward: your mail's here. ooh, oh look, it's a postcard from your dear mother and father so far away. spongebob:  mother, father. squidward:  "dear spongebob, we are having a wonderful time in the south seas and we miss you very, very much. spongebob:  ohh.  my subscription to jellyfishing monthly's expired. remind me to renew that, will you, squidward. squidward:  no problem.  anchor fish: welcome back to bikini bottom news. our top story tonight: a series of sad tales. squidward: ooh, let's turn it up. anchor fish: tragedy in the park when a young snail caught in a tree almost didn't get down. petey:  meow.  anchor fish: however, he did get down. spongebob:  hooray. anchor fish: coming up, an interview with a manatee who didn't get what he wanted for his birthday. spongebob:  oh, no. anchor fish: and finally, sad news for mermaid man and barnacle boy fans.  spongebob:  what, what, what. anchor fish: they will only be showing the mermaid man and barnacle boy show seven times a day instead of eight spongebob:  let's watch something else squidward, okay. squidward: fine.  kid fish: hey, dad, how about a game of catch.  unnamed father: sorry, son, i'm late for work. kid fish:  okay, dad.  unnamed father:  i guess i can stay for a few throws. kid fish:  i love you, dad. unnamed father:  i love you, son.  spongebob:  you know what they say about that television. rots the brain. patrick:  hey, thanks for the tv, spongebob.  i'm gonna watch it all night.  squidward: it's getting late. i'd better bring out the big guns.  oh, spongebob. spongebob: yes, squidward. squidward: what would you say to a little music.  spongebob:  i'd say... i'll go get some refreshments.  squidward: don't be long. my secret weapon is waiting. [)", then chuckles] spongebob:  you said something, squidward. squidward: oh, i just said, "relax and enjoy the song."  spongebob: that's a really sad song, squidward. squidward: you're not gonna cry though, are you. spongebob: no.  time really does fly when you're having fun. well, i'd better start getting ready for bed.  squidward:  uh, spongebob. nononono, wait. spongebob: yes, squidward. squidward: how about a bedtime story. spongebob: now you're talking.  whatcha gonna read me, squidward. squidward: umm...  how 'bout the little angler who got lost. spongebob: that sounds like a very sad story. squidward: oh, very sad. umm... "there once was a little angler  who was, uh, little and sad.  one day the little sad angler was walking through the park.  spongebob: walking... squidward: but, he was sad, because...because he was lost... he was lost and very sad. and then, he he started to cry.  he cried and he cried. and he cried even more.  and he kept crying...  ...and crying and crying and crying and...that's right. you can do it. spongebob: i'm wondering if it might not be so healthy to hold in all my tears, squidward. squidward: you're exactly right, spongebob. let it all out. don't fight the feel ten, nine...do it, do it, cry...eight, seven, six, five...come on.  ...four, three, two, one.  midnight.  well, spongebob, it looks like you won the...  patrick: wow, what a great show.  mr. krabs:  well, at least we're still together, little ones.  spongebob:  more popcorn, squidward. squidward: no, no. no, no. please. spongebob:  don't be shy now. i made extra.  that's all right, let it out. you can cry all you want. you're among friends here.  ) )