mr. krabs:  please be money, please be money.  oh. that's not money. it's from spongebob.  "dear mr... krabs, please come to my house tonight. i am having a free money party." free money party.. this sounds too good to be true.  squidward:  "dear squidward, come to my house tonight i am having a...  ...latte sipping contest." this sound too good to be true.  sandy:  "please come by my house tonight. i'm having a science fair." oh spongebob this sounds plumb good to be true."   larry:  um... "i am having a weight lifting competition.." this sounds too good to be true.  mrs. puff: (] "a quiet evening studying the rules of the road.."  oh. ehem... that sounds too good to be true.  plankton:  "a meeting of the minds to discuss the ultimate downfall of the krusty krab.." this sounds too good to be true.  spongebob:  welcome friends. please come in.  spongebob: i'm so you all could make it. tonight is going to be a magical evening filled with... magic. mr. krabs: eh... spongebob. spongebob: yes, mr. krabs. mr. krabs: can we skip the magic and get right to the free money. squidward: how 'bout the latte sipping. larry the lobster: and what about the pumping of the iron. plankton: and diabolical conspiracies. sandy: and let's not forget the science fair. spongebob: the real reason i called you here was to watch this slideshow of photos from my family vacation. mr. krabs, plankton, mrs. puff, larry the lobster, sandy cheeks, squidward and pearl: i knew it was too good to be true.  patrick: ahaha. ahaha. sorry i'm late, spongebob. i had to find my movie watching hat. plankton: that does iti'm gone.  spongebob: wait. wait. you're going to miss the first slide.   squidward: looks more like a slip than a slide. ha ha. mr. krabs: i've seen enough.  spongebob: wait. come back.  see, its patrick. patrick: hey. it's me. squidward: why is it all orange and blurry. spongebob: where. squidward: see, right there on the entire thing. spongebob: oh. that's because patrick was spraying the camera with cheese fizz.  spongebob: patrick. you're spraying the camera with cheese fizz. the pictures will come out all orange and blurry. patrick: i can't help it, spongebob. i'm so excited about going on a family vacation with you and your parents that my aim is off.  see.  there we go... spongebob: i know what you mean. sometimes it feels like i've been waiting my entire life to go on this trip. patrick: "really. why is that." spongebob: "probably because i have." patrick: "have what." spongebob: "been waiting." patrick:  "wait... you mean so... what." spongebob:  "patrick. they're here."  harold: "good morning son, are you ready to head out." spongebob: "you bet." margaret: "spongebob. don't leave your luggage behind."  spongebob: :that's not a luggage. that's patrick. he's coming with us, remember." harold: "well, shake a leg boys. the great barrier reef isn't gonna visit itself." margaret: "your father's right son." harold:  "they know i'm right..."  patrick:  "you brought homework." spongebob: "no patrick, it's a brochure detailing all the fun we'll have at our final destination.  the great barrier reef. see. there's a huge assortment of slides, and trampolines..." patrick:  "and forts..." spongebob: "and ropes to swing on..." patrick:  "andforts." spongebob: "and a water park." "oh wait, that's just where you drooled on it."  i can't wait to get there. how about you." patrick: "no, i can't." spongebob:  "yeah..." patrick:  "no, i mean i really can't."  "i've been in this confined space for too long. somebody help.  get me out of here."  harold: "alright boys, alright, turn down the volume back there." margaret:  "i have an idea. why don't we play a road game to pass the time." spongebob: "yeah..." margaret: "anybody know any." patrick:  "oh. oh. oh. hide and seek."  spongebob: "hey, why does he get to go first." harold:  "and she threw it all away..." patrick:  "okay find me." harold:  "egad."  spongebob: when i'm on the road... patrick:road. road. spongebob:i see stuff going by.'when i'm on the road... patrick:road. road. spongebob: i got a bug in my eye.'when i'm on the road... margaret:"looks like clear skies ahead." spongebob:"when i'm on the road..." harold:"please stop touching my head." patrick:road. road. road. spongebob:"let's all sing the road sooooong... 'i want to sing it all day long.'let's all sing the road song 'let's all siiiing aaaaaalooooooooooooooooooong" patrick:road road road road road road roooooooaaaaddd...  spongebob: "um... anyone else know any good road tunes."  spongebob: "how much farther to the nearest service station." harold: "probably pretty far son."  harold: "so, uh, how's it lookin'." service station worker:  "well, it's got a cracked timing case cover, youse broken a couple keys off the timing gear, your radiator is damaged at the core, you've got a cracked water pump, and a fractured injector line." margaret: "and what does all that mean." service station worker: "well little missy, in technical terms... if she don't wanna run, she don't wanna run."  harold: "uhhuh.  oh. so what are we looking at time wise." service station worker: "well now that depends... how much time ya got.."  patrick:  "how much time.  "not funny."  "hey at least they have a cozylooking waiting room.  come on."  "oh boys. is that a playground i see."  patrick: "not the most colorful playground i've seen." spongebob:  "mm mm. this looks more like a grayground."  margaret: "well i'll just let you two amuse yourselves and come back for you when the boat's fixed." spongebob:  "actually this place seems a little bit" margaret: "have fun."  patrick: "well this is a nasty turn of events." spongebob: "you're preaching to the choir, patrick." patrick:  "i knew it was gonna happen, too." spongebob: "you did. how." patrick:  "because it happens every time i keep my cheese fizz in my back pocket.  darn. it's almost empty." spongebob:  "well, i guess we'll have to make the best of it.  this is fun. hey patrick, you gotta try thi patrick:  "huh.  spongebob were you talking to me.  i could have sworn spongebob was calling me from... this direction... spongebob where are you.."  spongebob: "hey patrick." patrick: "huh. spongebob. oh come on, where are you hiding. this isn't funny.  huh."  spongebob: "uh, patrick i'm right here." patrick:  "oh, hey spongebob. how'd ya get there." spongebob: "well, i was on this seesaw" patrick:  "slide."  spongebob: "patrick, do you need help." patrick:  "huh. with this slide stuck to my bottom. nah, i want it there.  oh, sorry spongebob."  spongebob:  "hey look, a swingset.  can't go wrong with this oldtime playground favorite.  "weee... hey, this is almost like being at the great barrier reef, huh. try it, patrick." patrick: "okay.  "it's not working." spongebob:  "go back and forth like this.  there you go. now you're getting into the... swing of things."  patrick:  "hey, watch me go. ohhh.."  spongebob: "patrick." patrick:  spongebob: "patrick. i'm coming.  ...patrick." patrick:  spongebob. spongebob: "patrick. are you okay." patrick: "no, i'm not okay." spongebob: "you're not." patrick: "no. i'm great. that was awesome. let's do it again."  spongebob: "something tells me that is a oneway drain."  spongebob:  "how long have we been walking here, patrick." patrick: "well, that depends on who you ask." spongebob :"why." patrick: "well, if you ask someone with a watch, they might be able to tell you."  spongebob: "are you getting hungry." patrick: "yeah. how'd you know." spongebob: "i could hear your stomach growling. for a second i thought it was somescary monster coming to eat us."  patrick: "that's funny. couldn't have been my stomach growling though..." spongebob: "it couldn't. patrick:  "nope. i had its vocal cords removed before the trip." spongebob: "well, i could've sworn that i heard"  patrick: "spongebob, i heard it. i heard growling." spongebob: "no, that time it was my stomach. there's got to be something around here to eat.  patrick i found some berries we can not eat." patrick:  "thanks for the warning." spongebob: "patrick, where did you get  the kelp kake." patrick: "from the vending machine."  spongebob: "oh..."  patrick: "was it your stomach that time too." spongebob: "nope.... run for your life..."   spongebob: "it's getting closer.  oh no. it's a sheer dropoff. what do we do" patrick: "don't ask me. i don't remember "being eaten alive" on this trip's itinerary." spongebob: "i'm too young to be digested."  patrick: "wait spongebob. i know how to get us out of this." spongebob: "you do." patrick: "i saw something like this in a movie once. now watch closely, and do exactly what i do." spongebob: "rodger."  spongebob: "okay, now what." patrick: "i'm not sure, i fell asleep in the second half of the movie."  patrick: "well i hope that monsters carrying some syrup." spongebob: "yeah because if he eats us he's having pancakes for lunch."  spongebob: "patrick, we did it.' patrick: "we're not gonna be eaten."  patrick: "hey spongebob." spongebob: "yeah patrick." patrick:"all this not being eaten is making me hungry." spongebob: "oh, don't worry. once we get to the great barrier reef, we'll eat like kings." both: "alright." spongebob: "now put 'em there, patrick." patrick: "put 'em there." spongebob: "ooh patrick, have you been using a different moisturizer. because your hands feel kind of"  patrick: "oh no, it's just the same old moisturizer i always use.   patrick: "oh come on spongebob, don't leave me hanging here. ...let me guess, it's time to start screaming again." spongebob: "wait a second.  okay now."   patrick: "spongebob, as much as i'd like to stay and hang around, i'm not sure now's the time..." spongebob: "i know patrick, but now it seems to be our best possible course of action." patrick:  "well, i'd probably be enjoying the view if i still had any blood flowing through my arms, ow.."  spongebob: "don't worry patrick, you're patience isn't the only thing that's wearing thin.  grab it patrick." patrick: "got it. okay spongebob, your turn. spongebob..." spongebob:  "oh i got it."  monster:  spongebob: "whew, that was a close one, right patrick." patrick: "yeah, looks like everything worked out just... vine..."   spongebob: "patrick... patrick, did you hear that." patrick: it sounded like it came from the other side of this big rock." spongebob: "this isn't a big rock, it's a big wall.)  patrick: "do you think it belongs to that gift shop right there."  spongebob:  "what would a gift shop be doing right in the middle of nowhere." patrick: "uh... selling gifts."  spongebob:  "wow patrick, look at all this stuff.  you gonna buy something." patrick: "no, i'm not in the market for any souvenirs." spongebob: "well you can never have to many oh no. i just realized what this place is." patrick: "you have." spongebob: "patrick, we have walked straight into a  tourist trap..." patrick: "a trap." spongebob: "shhh..." patrick:  "...a trap..."  spongebob:  "let's escape, before we spend all our money on useless trinkets..."  spongebob: "patrick wait, i saw a very nice driftwood sculpture over there which would work great as a mantepiece." patrick: "spongebob no..."  patrick: "spongebob.." spongebob" "patrick that tourist shop took me for everything i had. now we don't have any money, we're still lost, and we're gonna be in big trouble. oh this vacation is a disaster." patrick: "spongebob i"  patrick: "i don't think this vacation has been a disaster." spongebob: "...you don't." patrick:  "no. of course not, see.. we did everything we dreamed of doing at the great barrier reef." spongebob: "patrick you're right. we went down a sewage pipe..." patrick: "like a slide." spongebob: "bounced off a huge anemone..." patrick: "like a trampoline." spongebob: "hid in a nest." patrick: "like a fort." spongebob: "and swung on some vines. which are a lot like ropes. this vacation has it all." patrick:  "all except for one thing." spongebob: "whats that." patrick: "a way out of here." spongebob: "my poor parents must be worried sick." patrick: "i suggest we take a nap here until they come and find us. and then we'll be wellrested on the way home." spongebob:  "i suggest we start walking." patrick: "i was afraid he was gonna suggest that."  patrick: "spongebob, maybe we should take a break from the singing for a while." spongebob: "good idea patrick. i'll just play the road song on this whistle i got from the souvenir shop."  harold: "oh hey son, we're ready to go."  patrick: "wow spongebob, you're pretty good with that thing." spongebob: "well thanks patrick, glad you think so." patrick: "apparently i'm not the only one who does." spongebob: "what do you mean. who else could oh no not again.  patrick: "the whistle seems to have soothed it." spongebob: "i think it's offering us a ride."   road. road. road. road. road. road.  when i'm above the road all i see is sky when i'm above the road on a giant fruit fly when i'm above the road  he used to fill us with dread... when i'm above the road i'm as snug as a baby bug in bed let's all sing the above the road song i wanna sing it all day long let's all sing the above the road song  let's all sing alonnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnng duh...  spongebob: "patrick i think that is the friendliest terrifyingly large insect i have ever had the pleasure of being carried off by." patrick: me too.  margaret: "spongebob. oh there you are." harold: okay boys, the boatmobile is as good as new and we've got miles and miles of open road ahead of us. margaret: ...boys.  margaret: do something, harold. harold: he's your son, margaret. he's your son.  ) )