spongebob: 97, 98, 99, 100. okay, gary, let's do the other side now. gary, can you hear that.  oh squidward, it's you. i thought i heard something. squidward: spongebob, i've been sitting here motionless for 45 minutes. what could you possibly have heard me doing. spongebob: breathing. squidward: spongebob, i will give you $5 if you let me enjoy the rest of my morning, in peace. spongebob:  okay.  squidward: hey, i could have sworn i had $5 in here. spongebob: i have it, squidward, you gave it to me to leave you alone yesterday.  squidward, you can have the $5 back. mr. krabs says squidward: i don't care, what mr. krabs said. i just want.  spongebob: coffee rain. squidward: it's hot chocolate.  spongebob: chocolate rain.  squidward.  squidward, wait.  squidward: it's locked. spongebob: squidward. squidward.  squidward: huh. the key. oh, where did i put that stupid... spongebob:  squidward. squidward. squidward: oh, why can't i just find. spongebob: squidward. squidward: what.. spongebob: you left your keys on the table back there.  hey, squidward. squidward: yes. spongebob: didn't you used to have one of those cucumber bicycles. squidward: oh,  that was a recumbent bicycle, and i sold it. spongebob: why. squidward: so i could get further away from you.  spongebob: okay, i'll see you later then, squidward. squidward: bon voyage, nincompoop.  what the.  can i help you, officer. policeman: no, but you can help yourself to this ticket. squidward:  ticket. officer, please. i have inpeckable boat smarts. i pried myself in obtaining an unsoiled driving record. it's all that i have. policeman: well, you can have it again, right after you complete boating school.  squidward: bobobobobo.  boating school.  oh well, it's just one day out of your life squiddy. how bad can it be.  spongebob: oh, squidward.  mrs. puff: good morning class. would everyone please take a seat.  spongebob: psst, squidward, sit here. here. squidward: um, excuse me, there don't seem to be any empty seats left. mrs. puff: but there's one right next to spongebob.  squidward: do you mind. spongebob: don't worry squidward, we're boating buddies now. i'll teach you everything i know, and then we can. squidward: we won't be doing anything, because there is no we. understand. mrs. puff: quiet in the front please. spongebob: oh, i understand. i understand perfectly, boating buddy. mrs. puff: okay class, how about we get to know our new students, by telling each other why we were sentenced to i mean why we are enrolled in boating school. student: um, i got caught speeding. mrs. puff: very good. next. student: i don't see what's so very good about it. mrs. puff: no, i didn't mean very. student:  i know exactly what you meant. mrs. puff: next. spongebob: oh, i am here because i. mrs. puff: we all know why you're here, spongebob. what about you, sir.  squidward: me. mrs. puff: yes. would you like to tell the rest of the class, why you're with us today. squidward: why i'm.  all right, i'll tell you. i was trying to get away, from him. he is the bane, of my existence. mrs. puff: yours too. uhh. what i meant to say was, please come up to the chalkboard, and draw a diagram of the incident. squidward: gladly.  it all started when i left my house. and then, he appeared. he made, an immediate right turn, and parked, here.  seeing the oncoming hazard, i looked both ways, and proceeded safely toward my vehicle. it was then, that i realized that i was being followed, at an unsafe distance. so, in order to create more optimal driving conditions, i was then forced to partake in  evasive action. and by increasing speed slightly, i created a safety cushion, while ininvertenttly attracting the attention, of said law enforcement official. may i sit down now, sweet cheeks. mrs. puff: why, certainly. and perhaps now, spongebob would like to come up, and illustrate his side of the story. squidward: his side. spongebob: well, first, i started over here. and then i went way over here. dodododo, like that. then, i went around like this, and over here like that, and across this lane, and down here like this, and then  and then i went around, and stopped right here.  everyone: spongebob and squidward, best boating buddies, forever.  spongebob: do you like it squidward. squidward: shut it.  spongebob: ah, lunch time, eh boating buddy.  squidward: i'll have to eat over here, like in grade school.  spongebob: squidward, do you have any mustard in there.  squidward: mm, bon appetite, squidy.  you've ruined my morning, you've ruined my lunch, and you're ruining my...  mrs. puff: okay class, it's time for our behind the wheel lesson. squidward, you'll be riding with spongebob. squidward: eh, didn't see that coming.  mrs. puff: now, we're going to take this nice and slow. spongebob, what do we do when pulling away from the curb. spongebob: uh, step on the gas. mrs. puff: good. nice and easy. now let's slowly...  squidward: spongebob, look out.  spongebob, give me that wheel. spongebob: i got it, i got it.  squidward: just let go of it.  grandma: hooligans.  scientest 1: johnson, i finally figured out a way to shrink an ordinary mail man, down to the size of a grain of sand. scientist 2: how. scientist 1: by using this shrink ray.  scientist 2: mother of mercy.  where'd they go. scientist 1: there. they're heading right for that discarded potato chip.  scientist 2: what's the matter. scientist 1: potato chips are his favorite snack.  johnson. no.  scientist 2: no, no, no.  cowboy: i never will understand these city folk. spongebob: hey, where'd squidward go.  squidward: i was just leaving.  mrs. puff: okay class, it's time to take our final exam. please have your pencils ready. spongebob: pst, hey, boating buddy, if you need any help, i've taken this test hundreds of times, and. squidward: how many times do i have to tell you.. i am not your buddy. i don't need your help, and i don't need you, ever. now just kindly let me take this stupid test, so i can get out of here, and never have to see you again, for the rest of my life. spongebob:  okay squidward, if that's the way you want it. squidward: thank you.  mrs. puff: 3 more minutes class. squidward: spongebob. spongebob, i need your help. mrs. puff: 2 more minutes. squidward: spongebob, please. this is important. spongebob: you said you didn't need my help, squidward, and that you didn't need me. squidward: no no, i didn't. i never said that.  i don't need your help, and i don't need you.  jerk.  all right, i said it. but that was before. spongebob: before what. squidward: before before. mrs. puff: 1 more minute, class. squidward: before we were,  boating buddies. spongebob: yay. mrs. puff: okay class, times up. squidward: time can't be up. i didn't even get a chance to fill in a single answer. what am i supposed to do. mrs. puff: you do the same thing that everybody else does who failed the test, you take it again next week. squidward: next week. spongebob: don't worry squidward, i've never gotten one answer right on this test.  but we'll meet again next week, at mrs. puff's boating school.  ) )