spongebob:  .krabby patties, krabby patties, love cookin' me some krabby patties. feedin' all the children and the mommies and the daddies. love servin' up the most delicious dish, but before i can, gotta add a little of this..  hmm, time to refill the tartar sauce.  empty. i thought i'd never see the day. "use on or before the date printed below."  this can has been here for 50 years. that's longer than me. oh, important krusty krab relic, what shall we do with ye. mr. krabs: spongebob, throw that trash out and get back to work. spongebob: trash. oh, but, mr. krabs, this should be in a museum for future generations to enjoy. mr. krabs:  hmm. future generations, huh.  mr. krabs: welcome to the krusty krab time capsule spectacular. that's right. in 50 years, your donated treasures will be honored for future generations to enjoy.  all right, you guys got donations covered, right. spongebob: sir, yes, sir. squidward: whatever. mr. krabs: i'm gonna go ahead and take care of souvenirs.  spongebob: the peoples of the future must see this, so they will know how we toasted bread in the before time. so that they can understand the... squidward: garbage. that'll be a $5 contribution fee.  mr. krabs: and there's your commemorative time capsule key chain. that'll be $49.57. billy: but, this thing's made out of rusty old paper clips and cardboard. mr. krabs: all right. you drive a hard bargain. i'll throw in a coupon for one free ice cube in a purchase of any large cola at the krusty krab. what do ya say. billy:  deal.   spongebob: what a beautiful lamp, ma'am, so ornate, essential for night time reading. sadie: why, thank you, young man. squidward: no, thank you for completely failing our future generations with your donation. i mean, seriously, ma'am, did you just grab the first thing you saw this morning. sadie: well, actually.. squidward:  "hmm. oh, whatever will i donate to the time capsule. golly, this is hard. how about  this lamp.. it's  perfect." sadie: wow, you're good. how did you know all that. are you like a psychic. oh, oh, oh. tell me what i'm thinking. squidward: next.  spongebob:  hey, nice pass, squidward.  squidward: uhhuh. tell me, what do you know about this plate. man: uh, it works good when i eat stuff. squidward: right. this plate is actually not meant to be eaten on. now with your permission, i'd like to perform a few tests to verify its authenticity. man: uh, okay. squidward:  uhhuh.  interesting.  this is a promising sign. yep.  you hear that platehittingskull sound. it's definitely authentic. and i would price it conservatively in today's market at $250. man: really. squidward: no.   spongebob:  you are the crown jewel of the time capsule. squidward: next.  spongebob:  a fourstriped sock. incredible. french narrator: 2 hours later... spongebob: okay, squidward. i think that's everyone. patrick:  spongebob. spongebob, did i make it. i brought my favorite rock to donate to the time thinger. spongebob: ooh, are you sure you can part with it, patrick. patrick: sometimes you've got to make sacrifices. spongebob: after you then. patrick: thank you, my good man. squidward: sorry, patrick, but there's no way i'm letting you put your dumb rock in the time capsule. i've allowed some seriously ridiculous items today, but this is where i draw the line. do you unders....  what t.. patrick: okay, rocky, you're going byebye now. squidward: oh, no, you don't.  spongebob: you know, that didn't hurt as bad as i thought it would. patrick: what didn't. hey, look, a yoyo.  spongebob: patrick, you're very good at that.  mr. krabs: and thanks so much for all your contributions. so, are ya ready to put this thing in the ground..  plankton: ugh. curse that krabs and his cheering crowds. big whoop, a stupid time capsule.  mr. krabs: but, before we do, i'd like to make a contribution of my own. a copy of the krabby patty formula. plankton:  there it is. the one element that can turn this lonesome bucket of steel into a bustling world famous eatery.  mr. krabs:  send her down.  spongebob:  he shoots, he scores. squidward:  get off me.  spongebob: hey, squidward, whatcha doing. patrick: yeah, it looks fun. squidward: we just got buried alive, you idiots. spongebob: i know, but what are you doing.   mr. krabs: who's ready to eat some krabby patties, 'cause all that waiting in line's got you super hungry.   spongebob: hmm. what should we do for the next 50 years. patrick: i'm just gonna hang here for a while, maybe get a kelp soda later. spongebob: patrick, you can't go anywhere. we're trapped down here till they open that capsule in 50 years. patrick:  50 years. what are we gonna do till then. spongebob: i don't know. we've got 50 years' worth of stuff to play with here.  it's our favorite game. both: pretzel pals. patrick: ooh. ooh. ooh. ooh. ooh. ooh. ooh.  spongebob: yes, yes, now where did we leave off. patrick: i believe my left hand was on red. spongebob: my right foot was on blue. patrick: forehead on yellow. spongebob: left foot on green.  patrick: hey, spongebob, what do you think bikini bottom will be like in the future. spongebob: hmmm.  future fish: welcome to the future, history person. during your absence, our society has achieved numerous advances. we're sure you'll find to be quite impressive.  well. spongebob:  wow, special drinking fountains for short people. what will the future think of next.  patrick: not bad, spongebob. not bad. i dream of a town with the perfect blend of commerce and irrigation.  not to mention the breathtaking views.  spongebob: sounds dreamy, pat. what do you think the future will be like, squidward.  future octopus:  his artwork embodies the soul that our society has lost. and it is here,  the location of the suffering that inspired that art that we place the squidward tentacles memorial museum.   spongebob: squidward. squidward. squidward. squidward. plankton:  jackpot. and now to extract the secret recipe.  careful. careful.  spongebob & patrick: sixteen bikini bottom, nineteen bikini bottom, twenty. ready or not, here we...  patrick: nice try, squidward, but we both already got that hiding spot figured out.  whipped cream.  oh, this whipped cream tastes awful.  "shaveeng gel." i've always wanted a beard. spongebob: me too.  do you want one too, squidbeard.  squidward:  wha.... oh. has it been 50 years already.  yes. i knew i'd still be hot. plankton:  secret recipe, where are you. aha.  squidward: hello, future.  yes. huh. what the..... where's my museum. the future is the same as my old pathetic life. forget this. i'm waiting another 50 years.  plankton: finally, the krabby patty secret recipe.  squidward:  dig me out when my life doesn't stink.  karen: don't hurt yourself, poopsy. plankton: quiet, karen. just bring me more prunes. ) )