spongebob and patrick: it's here.  spongebob: behold, patrick. the official goofy goober backscratcher. and it only cost me 52 box tops. patrick: wow. spongebob:  ooh. mmhmm. oh... oh. whoo. oh, yeah, that's it. patrick: let me try.  spongebob: uh, patrick, that's not the backscratcher. that's my arm. patrick: oh, sorry.  spongebob: you know, we shouldn't keep this all to ourselves. we should let squidward try it out. patrick: yeah. spongebob:  onward... to squidward's house. squidward: go away. spongebob: to sandy's house.  hey, sandy, you gotta see this.  sandy. what's going on here.. sandy, are you okay.  what's wrong, sandy. sandy: they're coming. they're coming. the chimps are coming. spongebob: who. sandy: my bosses. they're coming for an inspection. i've worked day and night for a week, but none of my inventions are any good. if i don't have a real impressive invention by this afternoon, they'll cut my funding, and i'll have to leave bikini bottom. spongebob: oh, come on, sandy. i'll bet you invented lots of useful things. this helmet looks impressive.  what's it do. sandy: it lets you talk to nuts. what use is that. spongebob:  spongebob to peanut. come in, peanut.  patrick: what's it saying. spongebob: it's saying... "it's dark in here." got anything else, sandy. sandy: there's my nuttaccino machine. it makes a hot, frothy cup of any nut you choose.  and lastly, my fully automated nutcracker.  oh, i can't even make a simple nutcracker. spongebob: so it's got a few bugs. patrick and i'll help you fix it. right, patrick. patrick.  everything'll be fine. sandy: oh, it's no use, spongebob. i just have to face facts. i'm leaving bikini bottom because... i'm a failure. spongebob: we can't let sandy leave, patrick. patrick: what'll we do. spongebob: they're looking for an invention, right. patrick: right. spongebob: so let's start inventing. patrick: yeah.  spongebob: it's time to get serious, patrick. patrick: right.  i made an invention. it's a stick you can draw or write stuff with. spongebob: that's a pencil, patrick. it's already been invented.  patrick: ooh, ooh, this is a good one. it's a glass ball that lights up so you can see in the dark. spongebob: light bulb, already invented.  patrick: spongebob, i know this one will work. i've invented a parallel universe. spongebob: that's a mirror, patrick. it's already been invented. patrick: somebody keeps stealing my ideas. spongebob's reflection:  well, i thought it was a pretty good idea. spongebob:  ooh... i give up. i'll never invent anything.  sandy: .so long, bikini bottom, i can't leave without a goodbye. but please don't think bad of me, if'n i start to cry. so long, bikini bottom, there's so many things i'll miss, from your smoggy, crowded city, to your stingin' jellyfish. this town is filled with many things, that i've come to love. from the birds that fly upon the ground, to the flowers up above. farewell, bikini bottom, now i really hate to go. 'cause the things i'll miss the most of all, are the friends i've come to know.. spongebob:  i'm ashamed of myself, patrick. i gave up too quickly. we'll build sandy's bosses an invention so amazing, they'll give sandy funding forever.  we've done it, patrick. we've created the greatest invention the world has ever seen. patrick, they're here. patrick: who. spongebob: sandy's bosses.  the reason we spent all afternoon inventing. patrick: i have no idea what you're talking about.  chimp #1: good day, gentlemen. allow me to introduce ourselves. i am professor percy. this is dr. marmalade. dr. marmalade: at your service. professor percy: and this is lord reginald. lord reginald: charmed. patrick: you guys talk funny. say more words. professor percy: we are the board of directors of tree dome enterprises limited, and we are here to ascertain if miss cheek's inventions are up to snuff. spongebob: why, everyone in town has benefited from sandy's scientific knowledge. before sandy showed up, i used to be a scrawny weakling. patrick: and i used to be dumb.  professor percy: quite. and whom do i have the pleasure of addressing. spongebob: my name is spongebob. patrick: and i am professor patrick. spongebob: professor. patrick: doctor professor patrick. don't mind him. you know how interns are. professor percy: where is miss cheeks. spongebob: she should be back any moment. patrick: i thought she ran away because she couldn't invent anything. spongebob: patrick. patrick: that's mr. doctor professor patrick to you. spongebob: don't you think it's time to show them sandy's invention, mr. doctor professor patrick. patrick: good idea. spongebob: well. patrick: hey, you're the unpaid intern. you do the work.  spongebob: gentlemen, i can say without exaggeration that this is the most important invention in the history of the universe. i give you...  the automatic backscratcher, hair comber, nose picker, and ukulele tuner 9000. professor percy: this is where our research money went. spongebob: uhhuh. isn't it great.. lord reginald: an automatic back scratcher, hair comber, nose picker, ukulele tuner. yes, well i've heard that claim before. professor percy: yes, how do we know this contraption works. dr. marmalade: let's see a demonstration. patrick: step right up.  you look like you've been neglecting your personal hygiene. lord reginald: me.  are you sure this is safe. patrick: as sure as i'm a doctor professor. spongebob: patrick, don't you think we should test it. patrick: okay.  spongebob: that's not exactly what i had in mind. professor percy: lord reginald, are you all right.  lord reginald: oh, i say, this is splendid.  oh, absolutely splendid. what's this.  oh, marvelous. this machine has evacuated my nostrils of unwanted residue in a manner most pleasant. spongebob: good work, mr. doctor professor patrick. patrick: thank you, lowly assistant. lord reginald: oh, i say, now it's feeding me delicious pudding. spongebob: pudding. i don't remember that part of the invention. lord reginald: now it's tuning my ukulele.  ouch. ooh. i say, was that necessary.  you, sir, are impertinent.  oh, dear.  dr. marmalade: lord reginald, are you all right.  i'm sorry, was that a yes. professor percy: mr. doctor professor patrick, what is the meaning of this. patrick: it's okay. the horrible screaming means that it's working. spongebob: oh, i really wish sandy were here.  bus driver: all aboard. sandy: will this bus take you somewhere when you've got nowhere else to go. bus driver: it sure does. we make stops in quittersville, failuretown, and loserburg.  sandy: what in tarnation..  what's with all the monkey business..  spongebob: sandy. sandy: spongebob. what the heck is going on here..  lord reginald: ouch. patrick: it works. it works. professor percy: lord reginald, are you all right. lord reginald: i seem to have ruptured my pomposity. professor percy: we shall commence closure of this establishment immediately. dr. marmalade: frankly, i'm beginning to question the economic benefits of underwater treedomes. doesn't make much sense once you get right down to it. spongebob: i'm sorry, sandy. we were trying to keep you in bikini bottom, but all we did was ruin your chances to stay. sandy: i was about to be fired anyway. thanks for trying to help, spongebob. you, too, patrick. patrick: that's mr. doctor professor patrick. sandy:  don't push it. patrick: sorry. professor percy: we are departing, dr. marmalade. dr. marmalade: my word, all of this excitement has drastically reduced my potassium levels.  good gracious. can it be. professor percy: try it again.  lord reginald: oh. it is. it is. it's the banana peeler we have been searching 117 years for.  spongebob: wow, sandy, they're going bananas for your nutcracker. sandy: yeah.  professor percy: well, miss cheeks, i must say you have exceeded expectations. lord reginald: it may be the extreme head trauma i've suffered, but i am going to offer you a 20year contract with a substantial pay raise. sandy: i accept. spongebob and patrick: hooray. professor percy: i expect great things out of you, miss cheeks. great things. lord reginald: perhaps you could put your talents toward that automatic poopthrowing machine that's eluded us for so long. dr. marmalade: now, now, one miracle at a time. all chimps: goodbye. sandy: well, the only thing left is to figure out what to do with this infernal contraption. patrick: my turn.  whoohoo.  all right. ) )