spongebob: hi, mailman.  spongebob: okay,  see you tomorrow.  patrick: hey, the mail's here. what did you get. spongebob: let's see...  gary, gary, gary, gary, gary, gary, hey. a magazine.  spongebob: that's funny, i don't remember subscribing to fancy living digest. spongebob and patrick:  whoa. spongebob: look at all these glossy depictions of a higher standard of living.  spongebob: this guy's so rich, he has a swimming pool in his swimming pool.  patrick:  this guy's got shoes. squidward: give me that.  stealing my mail, eh. you're lucky i don't report you to the authorities. spongebob: hey squidward, how do the people in that magazine get all that money. squidward: they're entrepreneurs. they sell things to people. spongebob: what kind of things. squidward: how should i know. things people wanna buy.  now keep your paws off my mail. spongebob: that's it, patrick. we gotta becomes entrepreneurs. patrick: is that gonna hurt. spongebob: quick patrick, without thinking, if you could have anything in the world right now, what would it be. patrick: uh...  more time for thinking. spongebob: no, something real, an item, something you would pay for. patrick: a chocolate bar. spongebob: that's a great idea, pat. we'll become traveling chocolate bar salesmen.  spongebob: fancy living, here we come. patrick: make way for a couple of ontreprenyouers.  spongebob: o.k. patrick, this is it. the first step on our road to living fancy. just follow my lead.  spongebob: good afternoon sir, could we interest you in some  chocolate. tom: chocolate. did you say, chocolate.. patrick: yes sir. with or without nuts. tom: chocolate.. chocolate.. chocolate. chocolate.  o.k, the first guy didn't count. this is our real first step.  good morning, sir. would you like to buy some chocolate. con man: chocolate bars, eh. spongebob: yes sir, we are chocolate bar salesmen. con man: ha. a couple of mediocre salesmen if you ask me. that's no way to carry your merchandise.  con man: no, no no no, wrong. you guys wanna be good salesmen, right. spongebob and patrick: oh, most certainly, sir. con man: well,  no self respecting candy bar salesman would be caught dead without one of these.  spongebob: wow... what is it. con man: it's a candy bar bag, you knucklehead. it's specially designed to cradle each candy bar in velvetlined comfort.  con man:  but, i'm wasting my time.  you don't need these bags. spongebob and patrick: we need 'em. we need 'em.  con man: so long, boys. happy hunting.  suckers...  spongebob and patrick:  fancy livin', here we come. la la la la, la. spongebob: let's try next door.  con man: yes. spongebob: huh. say, weren't you the same guy who sold us these candy bar bags. con man: i... don't recall. but it looks to me like you fellas have got a lot of bags there. you two lady killers are too smart to be without one of my patented candy bar bag carrying bags.  patrick: we'll take twenty.  sadie: oh, what can i do for you two nice young men. spongebob: we're selling chocolate bars. would you like to buy one. sadie: that sounds heavenly. i'll take one. spongebob: one chocolate bar, coming up.  sadie:  i don't have time for this.  spongebob: i... got it. one chocolate bar for the nice  tom: chocolate. chocolate. chocolate. spongebob: lady.  we're not doing so well, patrick. we need a new approach, a new tactic. patrick: hm... i got it. let's get naked. spongebob: no, let's save that for when we're selling real estate... there must be something. what was the reason we bought those bags. patrick: he said we were mediocre... spongebob: that's it. he made us feel special. patrick: yeah, he did... i'm going back to buy more bags.  spongebob: no, wait patrick.  spongebob: why don't we try being nice. patrick: oh, okay.  spongebob: remember patrick, flatter the customer. make him feel good.  blue fish with purple stripes: hello. patrick: i love you.  spongebob: i think you laid it on a teensy bit thick there, old pal. let me try.  blue fish with purple stripes: please, ggo away. spongebob: um,  hhhow you doin'. blue fish with purple stripes: how am i doing. spongebob: wanna buy some chocolate. patrick: we got him now. blue fish with purple stripes: sorry, chocolate has sugar and sugar turns to bubbling fat. isn't that right, blubber boy.  patrick: hee hee, it tickles. blue fish with purple stripes: as you can see, me and chocolate no longer hang.  blue fish with purple stripes: you can keep that for 5 bucks. patrick: i'll take 10.  spongebob: we haven't sold one chocolate bar. i got a feeling that were too easily distracted.  patrick: huh.  spongebob:  let's make a pact right now that we will stay focused on selling at the next house. patrick:  huh. spongebob:  let's shake on it. patrick:  did you say something.  spongebob: remember patrick, focus.  purple fish: yes. spongebob: good afternoon, sir, wanna buy some chocolate.  purple fish: why is tubby here staring at me.  patrick: focusing.  purple fish:  back off, jack.  patrick:  nice place you got in here.  spongebob: i can't understand what were doing wrong. patrick: i can't understand anything spongebob: there's something to this selling game were just not getting. other people do it, i mean look at that.  patrick:  eat barnacle chips, they're delicious.  spongebob: they are most certainly not delicious. patrick:  not the way i use them.  spongebob: yet they sell millions of bags a day.  patrick: well, maybe if they didn't stretch the truth, they wouldn't sell as many.  spongebob:  that's it, patrick. we've gotta stretch the truth. tom: chocolate.  spongebob: we'll work as a team. let me get this customer warmed up and you come in for the kill. patrick: the kill.  mary: yes.  spongebob: hello, young lady.  spongebob: we're selling chocolate.  is your mother home.  mary: mom. mother:  what, what, what's all the yelling.  mother: you just can't wait for me to die, can you.  mary: they're selling chocolate. mother: chocolate. mary: yeah.  mother: what, what are they selling. mary: chocolates. mother: what. mary: chocolates. mother: i can't hear you. mary: they're selling chocolates. mother: they're selling chocolate. mary: yeah.  mother: chocolate. i remember when they first invented chocolate. sweet, sweet chocolate.  mother: i always hated it.  spongebob: oh, but this chocolate's not for eating. it's for...  patrick: you rub it on your skin and it makes you live forever.  mother: live forever you say. i'll take one.  mother:  come on, you lazy mary.  start rubbing me with that chocolate. mary:  i hate you.  spongebob: if we keep exaggerating the truth, we'll be fancy living in no time. patrick:  hooray for lying.  spongebob: it'll make your hair grow.  fred: great. my wife's trying to grow a beard.  spongebob: it'll make you sound smart.  customer:  i'll take 20.  patrick: it'll keep your face from getting any uglier.  patrick 2: just in time.  spongebob: they'll make you fly. patrick: you'll fall in love. spongebob: they'll bring world peace. patrick: you'll walk through walls. spongebob:  you'll rule the world.  patrick: this'll be the best lie yet.  spongebob: yeah, this guy will feel sorry for us, he'll have to buy all of our chocolate.  customer: what can i do for you boys.  spongebob: hello, sir. would you like to buy a chocolate bar. we need an operation. customer: really.  customer: small world. what's the matter with you guys.  spongebob:  um, we've got some head trauma and internal bleeding.  customer: well, some guys have all the luck.  customer: i was born with glass bones and paper skin. every morning, i break my legs, and every afternoon, i break my arms.  customer: at night,  i lay awake in agony until my heart attacks put me to sleep.  customer:  oh, no...  customer:  ow...  spongebob: come on, patrick, let's help him.  spongebob: careful, put him down gently.  customer:  ow....  spongebob: poor, poor man. is there anything, anything we can do to help you.  customer: well, there is one thing... as you can imagine, my medical bills are extremely high, but luckily, i am able to keep myself alive by selling... chocolate bars.  customer: such nice boys,  it does my heart good to con a couple of class a suckeroonies like those two. ha ha ha.  spongebob:  don't get me wrong, patrick. it's great that we helped that guy out, but there's no one left in town to sell chocolate bars to.  spongebob: let's admit it, patrick. we're failures. patrick:  i can live with that.  spongebob: let's change our names to why and bother.  tom: chocolate.  spongebob:  no. don't hurt us. please don't hurt me. no no. please... patrick:  no. don't hurt us, tom. please spare me.  tom: finally. i've been trying to catch you boys all day. now that i got you right where i want you...  i'd like to buy all your chocolate.  spongebob: thank you for your patronage.  patrick: are we living the fancy life yet, spongebob.  spongebob: not yet, pally. first, we got to spend all the money.  patrick: but what are we going to spend it on.  squidward:  good evening, sir. table for one, please.  server: sorry, but the whole restaurant has been rented to a private party.  squidward: but it's my only night to be fancy. oh, who could afford to rent out the whole restaurant.  server: oh, a couple of rich entrepreneurs and their  dates.  spongebob: so, how long have you two ladies known each other.  mother: what. what did he say. ) )