mr. krabs: and good riddance. next time, you should read our sign about the mandatory side of fries policy.  lookie, another flateyed, bushytailed customer. fish #1: but, i don't want to mr. krabs:  stop spending money here. well, don't worry, i'm certainly not going to keep you from doing what you want. give him a krabby patty with the works. fish #1: i'm not hungry.  mr. krabs: oh, that's funny.  mr. krabs: i'll think about that one while you buy a kelp soda.  boy, you're doing it all wrong. here, take this.  now you can flip 2 patties at the same time. do twice the work.  spongebob: mr. krabs, you're a mr. krabs: genius. perhaps. or maybe i'm just a little off.  spongebob: wow, if only i was a little off.  fish #1: are you gonna let me out of here.  mr. krabs: me formula. darn these flimsy nails. how am i supposed to hide me formula with this nonsense. ah, well. it's the life i choose to live.  plankton: did you see that. karen: yeah, krabs hides his formula under the floor, so what. plankton: so, everything, that means i know where it is. karen: doesn't mean you can get to it. plankton: ugh, what kind of wife.... we'll just see about that.  plankton: i knew this baby would come in handy. karen: uhhuh. plankton: turn on the navigation system, honey. let's get this show on the road. karen: dig 50 meters, then turn right.  plankton: heh, heh, heh, at this rate, we'll have the formula before you can say...  plankton: barnacles. now what. karen: it appears that we've stumbled into a mishap. now, we're stuck between a rock and a hard place... literally. plankton: well, let's just dig deeper and go around it. karen: uh, the only problem with that is... plankton: shh. can't you see i'm concentrating.  yes. you see what happens when you let me make my own decisions. now, maybe we'll get somewh  what happened.  karen: well, right before you started making your own decisions, i was about to say we were digging right above an underground cave.  plankton: the majesty. i've never seen such beauty.  karen: sob, sob, cry, sob... plankton: it's just a shame no one else can see it. karen: sob.  plankton. i think i know how to push krabs out of businesswe'll lure customers underground with this gorgeous scenery. plankton: karen, please. i'm trying to process my emotions. ...karen. i think i know how to push krabs out of business we'll lure customers underground with this gorgeous scenery. karen: ugh... plankton: man, i'm good.  cave dwellers.  back. that's better. from now on, you shall be my minions servants to follow my every order. i decree this kingdom to be called the chum caverns. and may the people of bikini bottom shudder in awe of its majesty. ha, ha, ha, ha.  susie: hurry up, mom. i wanna see the chum caverns before the line gets too long. abigailmarge: never you mind, susie, it's already too late for that.  from the big tube and snarls] cave dweller #1:  harold: you know, this stuff is hideously inedible, but the decor is so amazing, i can't resist spending my money here. cave dweller #1:   spongebob: 2 orders of chum nuggets, please. cave dweller #1:  spongebob: that certainly is chum. and such steamy chumminess deserves recompense. plankton: oh, i'll take that.  eat your blackened, twisted, moneygrubbing heart out, krabs.  i'm even profiting off of your most loyal ally. i'm running out of space for this stuff. got an empty safe i can borrow, krabs.  but seriously, this is getting really heavy.  spongebob: patrick, isn't this place amazing.  here are your chum nuggets, buddy.  patrick: oh, i almost forgot. here's your chum kebab.  spongebob: um, i guess you don't come down here for the food, anyways. you come down for the subterranean splendor of the chum caverns. patrick:  that, and the gift shop. spongebob: oh, that's right, patrick. the gift shop.  spongebob: yeah, baby. i've got cavern fever. mr. krabs: where have you been, and what is that ridiculous thing on your head. spongebob: it's a "stalagmiter," available exclusively at the chum caverns gift shop. mr. krabs: how dare you spend all the money i don't pay you at me archrival's business. boy, plankton's really cleaning up down there, which means it's time to start running into the ground.  plankton: another order of chumballs.  huh.  plankton: krabs. what are you doing here. mr. krabs: i'm here to steal back me customers, with the savory flavor of the krabby patty.  now, go get it.  plankton: krabs, you can't just slither down here and steal all my customers. it's unethical. mr. krabs: unethical. this is perfectly legit. i call all building rights under my restaurant. plankton: sea turtles. he called it. he always was good with legal jargon.  alright, krabs, if you think it's fair to undercut my business, then i'm gonna undercut you.  plankton: heh, heh, heh. how does it feel, krabs. being in the hole, so to speak. not well, i'd imagine. now hold still so i can bury you. mr. krabs: not if i bury you first.  plankton: fine, krabs, have it your way.  mr. krabs: we're trapped. trapped, i tell you. plankton: this is all your fault. i oughta boil and butter you for this. mr. krabs: plankton, i don't think you grasp the severity of our situation. we're trapped down here. as in, there is no way out... plankton: ha. there may be no way out for you, krabs, but you needn't worry about me. my diminutive stature allows me to slip through rubble with ease.  plankton: i can't make it. we're doomed. mr. krabs: uhhuh. that's what i've been trying to tell you.  comfort me.  narrator:  15 minutes later...  mr. krabs: aw, look at us. old, gray... plankton: ...nearing the end... mr. krabs: say, plankton, say we get out of here without lives, let's agree to work together. plankton: you're right, krabs. let's bury the hatchet now and forever. mr. krabs: we have a deal. no more bickering. plankton: no more skulduggery of any kind.  mr. krabs: hang on a minute, don't you hear that.  spongebob: surprise. mr. krabs: woohoo. you found us. i oughta pay you for this. spongebob: or, just pay me for the job i already do. mr. krabs: hey, plankton, we're free.  mr. krabs: where'd he go.  plankton: i'm way ahead of you, krabs. mr. krabs: you better not be trying to steal me formula. plankton: i am, and i will. mr. krabs: but what about our deal. plankton: what. we're still working together, come on. you're helping me steal your formula.  mr. krabs: that's it. just wait 'till i get me claws on your...  plankton: aha. now time to get that formula.  mr. krabs: satisfied with yourself, plankton. now you've trapped us all underground. fish #5: but at least we're trapped in a good restaurant. mr. krabs: capturing customers. i should've thought of it sooner. but without squidward, i need someone to work the register.  cave dweller #2:  ) )