squidward: okay, beloved sanctuary.  i'll see you after work.  and we'll have a nice, relaxing evening.  just you and me.  that is, of course, if i can survive another day  with gratingbob shrillpants. patrick: ooh.   squidward: hm.  wow. those two are just so amazingly stupid. spongebob:   squidward: grrr. spongebob and patrick:   spongebob:   spongebob: ahh, isn't this fun. patrick: yeah. i love playing buddy toss.  spongebob: good morning, squidward. see you at work. squidward: grrr.  spongebob: ow.    patrick: ow.  squidward:  okay. i can do this. just put them out of my mi... spongebob: ow.  french narrator: one extremely annoying shift later... squidward:  a nineletter word for annoying: spongebob.  ugh.  finally. some peace and quiet.  no more spongebob, just me, myself and home sweet home.  ahh. nothing like a squid's good ol' chair to soothe the pains of a rough day. just relax and contemplate some me time.  perhaps i will dance to some soothing dance records.  or i could dabble a little on painting.  yup. i sure am looking forward to it.  grrr.  spongebob: something squidward this way comes. squidward: alright you two, i am trying to have a relaxing evening. what in the world are you doing out here.. patrick: trying to have a relaxing evening. spongebob: we're playing flashlight tag. squidward: you're playing flashlight tag with an electric eel. spongebob: we're using the advanced rules. squidward: advanced rules.. that has got to be the most ridiculous thing i have ever patrick: you're it.  spongebob: oh, well played, patrick.  patrick: shocking. electric eel:  how original.  squidward:  all i really want is to live in a world where i can just relax in peace  and quiet. is that too much to ask.   spongebob: squidward, we're playing tag, not hide and seek, you silly. patrick: but we like hide and go seeks too, if you want to play that. squidward:  all i really want is to live in a world where i can just relax  in peace. spongebob: patrick, squidward is really really sad... patrick: you're right. let's go poke someone else. spongebob:  how about instead we do something extra special for him. then he won't be sad anymore. patrick: oh, i get it. it'll be like the time i was feeling impressed, and you let me eat all gary's...uh... i mean, feed gary for a week. spongebob: patrick, this has to be extra special, and we should probably vow to do it. patrick: vow. spongebob: yeah, vow. patrick: well, how about instead of vowing, we just do it. spongebob: i like it.  squidward:  good night... lamp.  i guess having a relaxing evening meant saying up all night with power tools.  well, it's not that late, even morons have to sleep sometime.  squidward: i can't take it anymore.  squidward: when i get those two, i am gonna...  all right, you two, i...  squidward: it's, it's, it's... beautiful. it's too good to be true. it's a mirage. i knew it.  i guess this is it. insanity.  squidward:  next stop, padded room at the cephalopod home.  just go with it, squiddy.  squidward: a refill, my good man. what the patrick.. what are you doing here..  squidward: it's delicious. what is it. patrick: a smoothie. squidward: remember squiddy, just go with it.  tiki #1. hey fellas, look. it's squidward. tiki #2. hey, buddy, where ya been.. squidward: hit it boys. tikis: welcome, to squidward's tiki land. you can relax all day, like a tiki can. or lay out in the sun, for a tiki tan. squidward: or drink from a coconut that's full of flan. tikis: here in squidward's tiki land. you can play all day, in a tiki band. then dance all night on the tiki sand. squidward: don't matter to me 'cause... 'cause i'm crazy, man. squidward: ahhhh, this is the life.  spongebob: it's beauuuuuuuuuutiful.  squidward: i've never felt this happy in my life.   squidward: my world.  patrick: you were right, spongebob, we should have used glue instead of earwax. spongebob: yeah, especially considering neither of us have ears. squidward:  you've destroyed my beautiful world. spongebob: sorry we couldn't make it last, squidward. patrick: yeah, we really tried to make it last. squidward:  yeah, make it last,   squidward: i know how to make it last.  squidward:  patrick:  ow. spongebob: my turn. ow. ) )