spongebob: oh, squidward. squidward:  what do you want, spongebob. spongebob: time for work, squidward. another day, another dollar.  squidward: more like another nickel. spongebob:  good one, squidward.  another day, another nickel.  squidward: it's not that funny. spongebob: it's funny, because it's true.  squidward: move over.  spongebob:  nickel.  squidward:  here's your food.  it's not that funny.  please make it stop.  spongebob: ok, squidward, see ya tomorrow.  customer #1: and always check for spare change. spongebob: another day, another...nickel.  2 krabby patties. customer #2: thanks, kid. spongebob: another day, another nickel. customer #2: oh.  squidward: he's gone laughing tormentor.  this could be my chance.  spongebob, you don't look well. spongebob: i don't. squidward: no. you should sit down. spongebob: but... squidward:  shh, shh, shh.  you're burning up, spongebob. spongebob: i am. squidward: tell me, spongebob, have your sides been hurting. spongebob: yeah, a little. squidward: and your temperature is 175 degrees. spongebob: it's that bad. squidward: oh, no, no, no, no, no, no. unless you've been doing a lot of laughing. spongebob: i have been laughing a lot, lately. squidward:  spongebob, you've got to be careful. you're gonna burn out your laugh box. spongebob: my laugh box. squidward: yes, it's the part of your body that enables laughter. if you use it too long without giving it a break, it burns out and you can never laugh again. spongebob: is that what happened to you, squidward. squidward: yes. what. no. listen, spongebob, this is serious. if you burn your laugh box you live your whole life without ever laughing again.  sandy: hey, patrick, you wanna hear a joke. patrick: sure, sandy. spongebob:  sure, i'd love a good laugh. sandy: what has four wheels and flies. a garbage truck.  spongebob: i don't wanna burn out my laugh box, squidward. squidward: well, the most important thing is to stop laughing. any laugh at all could be dangerous. spongebob: how long do i have to avoid laughing. squidward: gosh, spongebob, i'd say at least for the rest of the day. but you better go 24 hours just to be safe. spongebob: thank you so much, squidward. i don't know what i'd do without you.  a day without laughter is a small price to pay to save my laugh box from utter destruction. i must remain vigilant.  nothing funny over there.  nothing funny over here. patrick: hey, spongebob, how's it going. spongebob:  patrick, banana peel, don't. patrick: what'd you say.  spongebob: oh, no.  patrick: hey, what the...  spongebob: wait a minute, patrick.  please stop. patrick: right foot first... spongebob: wait, patrick, i can't laugh. patrick: you can't. oh, i know what to do.  that usually knocks him out.  spongebob:  get a grip on yourself, spongebob. you're in control.  just back away from the whoopee cushion, spongebob.  they're everywhere. everywhere. delivery fish: look out for that pie truck.  spongebob: i gotta get outta here.  there's nothing funny up here. but just to be safe...  ah, i made it 24 hours without laughing.  that's odd.  i've lost my laugh.  i've lost my laugh.  patrick: hi, spongebob. spongebob: it's terrible, patrick. i can't laugh anymore. patrick: what happened. spongebob: i went a whole day without laughing and now my laugh is gone. patrick: let me take a look.  hmmm, it's dark in here. i better light a match.  mr. krabs: come in. spongebob:  mr. krabs. mr. krabs: what's wrong, boy. spongebob: i lost my laugh. mr. krabs: you've come to the right place, son. ya know, there's one thing that always makes me laugh.  don't it just tickle you, boy. spongebob: not really. mr. krabs: this calls for drastic measures. i don't usually do this but you seem desperate. touch it. spongebob:  nothing. mr. krabs: oh, this is worse than i thought. after all, money is the ultimate source of joy. spongebob: maybe i should ask sandy. she's a scientist.  sandy: oh, it's easy if you approach it scientifically, spongebob. now, what is laughter. spongebob: the thing that used to give my life meaning and purpose but now mocks me with its cruel indifference. sandy:  but scientifically speaking, its caused by your epiglottis constricting your larynx causing irregular air intake and respiratory upset. spongebob: sounds painful. sandy: science makes everything sound painful, spongebob.  now, here's a humor theory textbook, laugh mechanics, and the quantum giggle theory. spongebob: thank you, sandy. squidward: ah, it sure is peaceful around here since squarepants became a sad sack. spongebob: i read all the books and still nothing. i guess i'll never laugh again.  squidward: i really hate to see the little guy sad but not as much as i hate to see him happy.  narrator: later that same evening. squidward:  i think i found the one thing i hate more than his laugh. i'm sure he'll cry himself out soon.  what have i done.  oh, that's it. this charade has to end.  spongebob: hi squidward. squidward: spongebob, this infernal crying has to stop. spongebob: but squidward, i...i broke my laugh box.  squidward: spongebob, there's no such thing as a laugh box. i made the whole thing up to get some peace from your insipid laughter. spongebob: you mean...my laugh box isn't broken and it was a cruel lie that sent me into spiral depression. squidward: uhh, well it sounds pretty harsh when you put it that way, but yes. spongebob: i could laugh the whole time. squidward: yeah.  you really fell for it. spongebob: i guess i did. squidward: you even fell for the ol' thermometer in the boiling oil routine.  spongebob:  it's really not that funny, squidward. squidward: it's hilarious. spongebob: see ya later, squidward.  squidward:  break your laugh box. what a schlemiel. i will yahhhh.  patrick: look, he's waking up. squidward: where am i. sandy: you're in the hospital, silly. you broke your laugh box. mr. krabs: the doctor said it was the most tiny, driedout, underused laugh box he ever laid eyes on. patrick: so they cut it out. squidward: cut it out. patrick: yeah, wanna see it.  it's fun to shake it up and watch it bounce around. squidward:  gimme that. i can never laugh again. doctor: nonsense. your laugh should be stronger than ever. squidward: but, you cut out my laugh box. doctor: yes, but uhh, one of your friends generously allowed us to transplant part of theirs to you. patrick: nope. mr. krabs: they wouldn't pay me. sandy: you're getting warmer. squidward:  spongebob.  spongebob: hey, you laugh just like me.  ah, there he goes off to share his laugh with the world.  ) )