spongebob:  come on, stovie, pop that corn.  get ready, gary.  incoming.  gary: meow.  spongebob: popcorn is served.  medley: that, bro, is trouble at any car wash. tv announcer: we will return to "bikini bottom car wash" after these messages. commercial announcer: are you boring. charlie: yes, yes i am. commercial announcer: when friends describe you, do they use words like...  "dull." or "drab.." charlie:  don't forget "platitudinous".  commercial announcer: yes, that too, charlie. but what if i told you that you can change all that with the magic of... magic.  charlie:  i look like some kind of magician. now people won't ignore me. commercial announcer: let's hope not, charlie. with my "mister magic magical magic kit", even you can impress and amaze your friends. spongebob:  i want to impress and amaze my friends. commercial announcer: just send $19.95 to me, mister magic.  narrator: 4 to 6 weeks later. mailman: one magic kit and another one of these yellow things.  spongebob:  here it is: mister magic's magical magic kit.  look at all this. a book of spells, my very own wand of whimsy, the beard of rasputin, and, of course, the allimportant license to practice magic.  squidward. he'll appreciate my newly delivered skill. squidward: brine soda, lowfast seaweed crisps, cool jazz.  mm, mm, squidward you have done it. you have officially spoiled yourself rotten. spongebob: well, let the rotting continue, friend, while i impress and amaze you with...magic. squidward: magic. can you make yourself disappear, spongebob. spongebob:  silly squidward. i won't learn vanishing spells until i become a level 10 wizard.  no, i better start with something simpler.  say card conjuring.  here, hold this simple, playing card while i transform it into a magic playing card before your very eyes. let's see...  step 1... squidward:  this can't possibly end soon. spongebob: which brings us to... step three. juggle something. well, if you insist mister magic.  squidward:  i don't care where i'm going, just take me away from here.  spongebob: then take one card and shove it in your ear.  monroe: i don't like pistachio. tom: then why did you ask for it.   spongebob: and finally, say the words "hobrispobris".  squidward. my simple cardtrick has turned you into an icecream cone. which means... i am a level ten wizard. i suppose i should change you back to squid form.  presto.  uh, let's see. umm... aha. alakazam.  abracadabra.  okileedokilee. hobracobra. oh. open sesame. changeo backo to squidwardo, pleaseo. oh, i am so sorry, squidward.  i've transformed you into a delicious dairy dessert and i can't change you back. there, there, squidward. there is no need to cry. i promise you will continue your normal life despite the fact that you are now edible.  whoa oh.  speak to me. speak.  hey squid, are you okay.  hey squid, are you still okay.  hey squidward, i got something for you. someone to keep you company in that drab ol' freezer.  oh, aren't they cute. i promise to stand by as an eternal guard over my buddy. patrick: hi, spongebob, whatcha doing. spongebob: i have turned poor squidward into a frozen dessert. patrick: that's awful. how tragic. poor squidward. spongebob: it's all my fault. patrick: did you say frozen dessert.  spongebob: yeah. i turned him into a tasty softserve with a waffle cone.  patrick: oh...soft serve.  spongebob:  patrick. stop eating squidward. patrick: oh, sorry.  spongebob: patrick.  pat..... patrick: but he's so tasty.  spongebob: look, patrick.. don't you understand..  this isn't just your ordinary icecream cone. patrick: it's pistachio. spongebob:  no. it's squidward.  and no matter what happens, i promised him that i would watch over him to ensure his soft, frozen life is unchanged.  patrick. squidward has melted. quick, call the police. what am i going to do.. oh, neptune, it's all my fault. what have i done.. what have i done..  it's all your fault.  curse you, mister magic's magical magic kit. curse you. hey, that's it. that's the answer to our problems. patrick:  warning: from ages 9 to 99. spongebob: no, patrick, the one mystic being that can help us: mister magic.  just follow the browntiled road to the most mysterious mystic of them all. no one's ever seen him in person. deep male voice: enter.  who dares to see mister magic.  speak up. spongebob: it is i, spongebob of the squarepants, magician level 1. and i have turned my friend into icecream.  mister magic:  good job. spongebob: well, thank you, but well, i can't change him back. mister magic: hmmm, um, well, have you ever thought of a different hobby. spongebob: i need your help to change him back. mister magic: my help.  uh, no thank you. spongebob:  but if you don't my friend will be a cone forever. mister magic: sorry, i... umm... i'm out to lunch, that's it. spongebob: i'll wait. mister magic: i'm on a twoyear lunch. spongebob:  oh, please. mister magic: silence.  spongebob: but, sir, no one else has your power of sorcery.  mister magic: thank...you. patrick: hey, spongebob, there's a guy over here talking into a tubey thing. fish #1: uhh, ignore your friend. the fish you see is only an illusion. mister magic:  uhh, ignore your friend. the fish you see is only an illusion. patrick: why's he saying the same thing mister magic's saying. spongebob: i don't know, patrick. who are you, good sir. fish #1: well, i... uh... i'm horace b. magic. spongebob: are you mister magic. fish #1:  technically, yes. but the only magic around here is the magic of business.  spongebob: does that mean you can't change my friend back. fish #1:  i'm, i'm afraid not. so sorry about that, laddie. your refund check is in the mail. spongebob: i don't need a refund, i want my friend back. this isn't about money. you're nothing but a fakejust a lying, corporate businessman, tainting the purity of magic with your corrupt commercial ways.  you have ruined my faith in the magical arts.  fish #1:  security.  spongebob:  what are we going to do about squidward. patrick: we could always eat him. i'm kind of hungry.  spongebob: mister magic was a fake and all his magic stuff is fake. all those magic words, they were fake. yacky, shmacky, bappy, dappy, doppy, blabby, flabby, murkery, fool, magic of bloobjiggacacies....  squidward: ew.  what are you doing, spongebob. spongebob:  squidward. you're back. the magic words worked.  i really am magical after all. can i turn you into something else, now.  squidward: hey, stop.  get me out of here. patrick:  hey spongebob. i'm still hungry. can you turn me into a jar of mayonnaise so i can eat myself. spongebob: sure, buddy. patricka mayonnaiseica.  ) )