spongebob:  all right, gary, ready for your yearly shell waxing. gary: meow.  spongebob: just look at that shine. now let's check under the hood.  geez, gary, this place is a real snailsty. gary: meow. spongebob: still. from new year's eve.  what.. i've been looking everywhere for this, gary.  my favorite novelty tshirt.  oh, someone's here.  mailman: special delivery for spongebob squarepants. spongebob: special delivery. just for me. you think i'm...special.  mailman: alright, do we have to go through this every time i give you your mail. sheesh.  spongebob: what could it be today, gary. gary: meow. spongebob:  a videotape.  "you're a winner spongebob squarepants". i'm spongebob squarepants.  announcer: karate island: a serene and exotic location where nature and beauty abound, and hundreds of fighting styles collide in a wave of nonstop, pulsating, nohold barred action. for centuries, the world's top karate artists have journeyed to this land to be crowned king of karate. spongebob: king of karate. announcer: now it's your turn... announcer 2: ...spongebob squarepants. announcer: you've won an allexpense paid trip to karate island. hiyah. where you'll be crowned this year's king of karate. spongebob: ooh... did you hear that, gary. i'm going to be crowned...  king of karate.  whoohoo.  sandy: howdy, spongebob. spongebob: hello, sandy. have you heard the news. i've been invited to karate island to be crowned the king of karate. sandy: karate island. i've never heard of karate island. spongebob: oh, sure, sandy, all the big karate experts go there. sandy: but my karate is better than your karate by a country mile and i've never been invited. spongebob: maybe your karate was the best, but now they've recognized a new number one. sandy: there's something rotten in the alamo. i'd better tag along and see if it's on the upandup. spongebob: all right, sandy, you can come with me to witness my crowning moment.  are we there yet. sandy: yup. that's it over there. spongebob: what make you think that's karate island.  sandy: i don't know lucky guess.  spongebob: hello there, the king of karate has arrived. fish: welcome to my island, spongebobsan.  spongebob: oh, thank you.  master udon: i am master udon. sandy: howdy, master udon, i'm sandy cheeks. i do a little karate, myself. spongebob: sandy, sandy, sandy. mr. udon isn't interested in a karate novice like you. they only have time for royalty. sandy: oh, brother. master udon: please, show me some of your moves, master spongebob. spongebob: you hear that, sandy. he called me "master." bring on your best fighters. i'll try to go easy on 'em.  sandy: spongebob, your karate's not good enough to handle those sidewinders. spongebob: pashaw. watch and learn, sister.  yup. that's how the king of karate does it. who's next. sandy: something smells like rancid rodeo around here.  master udon: excellent. truly you are king of karate. spongebob: the one and only. master udon: we must make ready for your coronation. spongebob: i'm ready to be king of karate.  master udon: king of karatesan, it is time for you to take your rightful place on your throne. spongebob: my throne.  sandy: all right, udon, i'm on to you. this is as crooked as a dizzy sidewinder. spongebob:  come, sandy, take your place next to the king and share in my crowning achievement.  bring a seat for my airbreathing friend.  sandy: spongebob, ya'll are getting a bit wily. spongebob: oh, do i detect a note of jealousy, sandy. sandy: heck, i could karate you in a country fiddle with one paw tied behind my back. spongebob:  but who's being crowned king of karate not you. sandy: i'm getting off this crazy train.  master udon: master, don't worry about her. she is missing out on the opportunity of a lifetime.  let the coronation begin. spongebob: sandy's going to miss out, big time.  sandy: that dang spongebob. who does he think he is. i taught that yellow egomaniac everything he knows about fighting and that ain't much. spongebob: no. sandy: spongebob's in trouble.  spongebob is the "king of karate". he doesn't need me. eh, he can handle this himself. spongebob:  sandy, i need you. i can't handle this myself. sandy: hold on, buddy.  spongebob: no, sandy. master udon: she will never reach you. she must first pass through the 'four floors of fear'. sandy:  spongebob. the tickler: ha. hahaha. you cannot pass unless you defeat me, the tickler, and my ironfinger style.  haha. look. sandy: huh.  the tickler: prepare for the tickling of your life. sandy: taste these.  the tickler: oh no. jellyfilled donuts. how did you know they were my weakness. sandy: no one can resist jellyfilled.  sticky around, i'll be back with the glazed. the tickler: i could use a wet napkin. sandy:  all right, who's next. lip service: halt. no one advances past me, lip service, and my powerflexi dynamolip thruster style.  lip service: dance, squirrel, dance.  sandy: advanced hairdryer style. lip service:  what do you expect to do with that.  oh, no. not chapped lips.  sandy: that's enough lip out of you.  filthy phil: no one has ever made it to the lair of filthy phil. no one passes except me. now feel the steam of my horrible body odor.  sandy: haha, phil. your foul stench can't permeate my freshair dome. filthy phil: freshair dome.  man, i really do stink.  master udon: you are one impressive squirrel. you even made a costume change. sandy: release spongebob. master udon: never.  he is forbidden to leave until...he signs this contract. sandy: what are you talking about. master udon: real estate. sandy: you mean this whole thing was a scam to get us to buy real estate. master udon: yes. if there was a real karate island, i'd be a millionaire. spongebob: you mean i'm not king of karate. master udon: no. but you could be king of condos. here, let me explain. it's really quite simple.  see, if you invest in a time share here on condo island, you can see your equity increase tenfold. perhaps you and your yellow friend would like to set up a timeshare plan. spongebob: don't do it, sandy.  sandy:  i won't give in to your timeshare vacation scam. master udon: then give into my fists.  sandy: you're in the soup now, udon.  udon spongebob: sandy, i'm sorry i acted like a jerk back there. thanks for saving me from...  buying a condo. sandy: aw, shucks, spongebob, that's what friends are for. spongebob: i still have one question, though. does this mean i'm not king of karate. sandy: you are in my book, spongebob. you are in my book. now let me tell you about real estate. it's all about location...  squidward: i'm here. the king of clarinets has arrived.  [)] ) )