plankton: oh, come on karen, please. karen: well if you must know... plankton:  there's nothing wrong with chum bucket fare. why look. here's a fresh batch of a delicious new chum sauce. it's called spicy chum surprise.   delectable. karen:  oh, i'm sure it'll be a huge success.  plankton: sorry, no time for your senseless chatter. i've got a customer to attend to.  billy: okay, so what about the krabby kola. plankton: we don't serve krabby kola, we carry bucket bubbler and chum cherry blast. billy: okay, well then can i just make sure i get those krabby fries with extra krabby sauce. plankton:  uggghhhh. how many times must i say it.. we don't carry krabby fries, we don't carry krabby kola, we don't carry krabby sauce, and we don't carry krabby patties... so if you want any of those things you're gonna have to go to the krusty krab which is located directly across the street." billy: okay, thanks for the directions. plankton:  any time. what is wrong with people.. plankton: honestly, i don't think anyone in bikini bottom would know a decent meal if it looked them right in the eye and said, "hello. i'm a decent meal, wonderful to meet you. please pay money for me and then put me in your mouth so your old pal plankton doesn't lose everything he's spent his entire life working for." karen: yeah, and if anyone ever did order one of your meals, it probably would look them in the eye. plankton: you know karen, sometimes i wonder if you're here to help me run the chum bucket or just to make me feel like i'm two inches tall.  karen: maybe in heels. if it wasn't for me, you probably wouldn't even remember to blink. plankton: oh come on. when we first met, you were little more than a jumbled mass of diodes and wires. i made you what you are today.  literally. so don't think you couldn't be replaced in a heartbeat. ow. karen: what's the matter. plankton: my eye is burning and i don't know why. karen: blink. plankton:  oh yeah, thanks for reminding me. now where was i.. karen: you were threatening to replace me. plankton: oh yeah. i don't need you. i can make a whole army of computers that might actually help me steal the formula. karen: oh, puhleeze. plankton: i'll show you woman.   plankton: oh karen.  karen: now what.. plankton: could you come here for a moment.  karen: what do you want. plankton: feast your, uh, screen on this.   karen: thats my replacement.. its a toaster. plankton: ha ha ha, that, my dear, is a t119a compumatic, the finest of its kind. t119a compumatic: good morning sir plankton: good morning t119a.  plankton: they're supposed to do that.  next, behold. the noxious enterprises super spu31 liquidcooled mobile processing unit, a mind staggering combination of both power. and refinement.   karen:  that'll help you get the formula. plankton: and now karen, the piece de resistance.  have you ever witnessed such marvelous machinery. karen: it sorta just looks like an old hair dryer taped to the back of a miniature windmill. plankton: i can see how someone of your level of technical knowledge would think that, karen, but in actuality what you are looking at is... oh, right. karen: i don't recall you ever having reason to own a hair dryer, plankton. plankton: okay here we go... are you going to make me get the picture down again.... karen: what picture..   plankton: you see. plenty of reason to be using a hair dryer. karen: why are we even talking about this. plankton: because you were the one that said...  karen: what's going on.. plankton: dear neptune.   plankton: karen, do something. quick. they're tearing each other apart. just press a button or something.  plankton: not that one.   karen: well, it's good to see that that strategy didn't fall flat. plankton: you know karen, with you around, i'm beginning to wonder how i'm still alive. karen: ohhh, so it's my fault is it. plankton: that's right. now it's all clear. it's you that's been holding me back. in fact, if it weren't for your constant stifling, i'd have the whole world running for the safety of their mommies.. karen: you and your crack team of robots, huh.  plankton: well maybe i could iron out a few bugs, but then you'll see just how much i need you.  karen. what's this.  it's words on paper. it says: "dear plankton, i've logged onto another network. i just can't go into sleep mode at night knowing that you'll continue blaming me for all of your failures. anyway, you're a grown single celled organism, and allowed to make your own syntax errors. nice knowing you, karen." dah. who needs her.. not me. i'm going to steal that krabby patty formula from mr. krabs once and for all. and then we'll see who's made the error.  ow.  "p.s., don't forget to blink." oh yeah.   plankton: okay team, listen up. we're on our own now so we don't have anything holding us back. now i know you all look upon me kindly since i am your creator, but the last thing the chum bucket needs is, if we're going to be victorious, is a bunch of soft, uh, software. does everybody understand.  plankton: i said, does everybody understand......  plankton: all right, then let's do this. t119a to position.  spu31 to position. command module to position.  plankton: heh heh heh. now let's see krabs stop this. i'll show him. i'll show them all...  perch perkins: this just in, a diabolical albeit haphazardly throwntogether machine is attacking bikini bottom and is headed straight for the krusty krab...   squidward: why is the local news always such rubbish.. spongebob: hey, squidward look. i figured out how to get my mop wet without dipping it in the bucket. squidward: spongebob, nobody cares about...     plankton: hey. krabs, i wanna see you.  mr. krabs: okay boy, get out there.  spongebob: um... hello... what do you want robot thing, sir.  oh, hey plankton. what are you doing here. plankton: i'm here for the secret formula you twit. now i want you to go in there and tell krabs that if he doesn't turn over the formula to me, that he'll be subjected to utter annihilation at my... are you getting this. spongebob: uhhhhh, uuh uuh. plankton: uuhhhh, moron. okay, i'll make it simple: krabs give me secret formula or i bring big boom boom to krusty krab. got it. spongebob:  krabs give me secret formula or... uhhh... what was that other thing. plankton:  uhhh. forget it.  bring on the boom boom.   mr. krabs: battle stations men... here he comes. spongebob: we're all doomed, we're all doomed, we're all doomed, we're all doomed, doomed, doomed, doomed, doomed, doomed, we're all doomed, we're all doomed, we're all doomed, we're all doomed... squidward:  later.    plankton: hey, what gives.   plankton:  oh curse you cruel fate. once again, you've left me covered in the sticky goo of my own folly. only this time, i'm all alone.  karen: ahem. plankton:  karen. you've come back to me. karen: actually, i just came to get my keyboard. plankton: oh, i knew you couldn't stay away, i knew it. karen:  let me guess, another failure. plankton: what you gonna do, machines these days, right. umm, listen sweetie, i'm sorry about what i said. truth is, i could never replace you honeybunch. lets go home hun. karen:  okay. plankton: hey, i could whip us up a little dinner, what do ya say. karen: do you want me to leave you again. plankton: or we could go out.  ) )