frank: and this is the maximum level. since this is your first day, i'll let you peek at our number one inmate.  he's too dangerous to let him around the other inmates. police officer: why. what he'd do. rob a bank. frank: worse. he'd tried to steal the krabby patty formula. police officer: ohkay. frank: so that's why we keep him behind these impenetrable 6inch steel doors.  of course, it helps to lock it.  he's gone. he's so small, he could be anywhere. police officer: he could be right under our noses.  umm frank, where's your mustache.  plankton: haha. those fools will never find me now.  oh come on, baby. you know how long i've been in stir. karen: get out.  and stay out. you two time loser. plankton: after everything i've done for you. karen: beat it, you jail bird, and take all of your junk, too.  plankton: well, that's just great.  hey. it's my old guitar. i used to play it, when i was in that band, as a kid. man, those were good times.  okay everybody. one two one two three.  you know, i don't think i've had any good times. spongebob:  .oh i wish i was grinding up the krabby patties. that's what i really love to do. take a couple boooohooh. and a pinch of awoogah. a teaspoon of *raspberry*.  .then i mix some of this and put it over there, as i write this song.. plankton:  he's singing about the krabby patty. if i could just get him to explain that song, i'll have the krabby patty formula. spongebob: .mix in some. plankton: hi, spongebob. spongebob: .nyahnyahnyah. plankton: that's a real nice song. spongebob: .add a splash of wee. plankton: but could you explain those "wee" parts. spongebob:  .and when i'm done, i chop up some love.. plankton:  gahh.  are you out of your mind. er, i mean, that was a delightful song you were singing. spongebob: thanks, plankton.  mr. krabs makes me censor out all the patty ingredients from my lyrics. plankton: oh, that's terrible. krabs shouldn't stifle a true artist like you. go ahead and sing your patty song uncensored. spongebob:  i know what you're doing. plankton: what, me. i'm not trying to steal the patty formula. spongebob:  you want me to join your band. plankton: what band. i don't have a band. spongebob: oh, but you can't fool me. not when you got an awesome guitar like that. and only a true rocker would have hair as greasy and nasty as yours. it'll be so cool. we could write songs together. plankton: songs.  yes. and you can teach me your krabby patty songs. spongebob: yay. come on, let's go get our band together.  spongebob: patrick, patrick. patrick: spongebob, spongebob. spongebob: patrick, i've got big news. patrick: me too. me too. spongebob: what's your news. patrick:  i found out where boogers come from  spongebob: ew, really. patrick:  uhhuh. what's your news. spongebob: plankton just asked me to join his rocknroll band.  can patrick join our band. plankton: sure, whatever. spongebob: hear that, patrick. you're in. patrick: all right. i play a mean belly.  spongebob: wow, patrick, we're gonna be famous.  squidward: give me a break. you don't know anything about music. too bad you're not a musical genius, like me. spongebob: oh, squidward  squidward: what the spongebob: would you help us by joining our band. squidward:  well, i could help you, but i wouldn't soil my art playing rocknroll. dressing all in black, wearing boots covered in spikes  playing enormous stadiums filled with screaming, adoring fans  clapping, demanding encores, cheering me  oh, uh, changed my mind. i'll join your band and help you bottom feeders  but i gotta get in shape first.  spongebob: isn't this great, plankton. squidward is gonna help us. plankton: hmm. uh yea, great.  spongebob: you know, patrick, being in a band gives you the liberty to dress with a little more uh, how should i put this. patrick: yeah. spongebob: well, with just a little more patrick:  go ahead, say it, spongebob. spongebob: you know, pizzazz. patrick:  perhaps you didn't notice my new hairdo. spongebob:  whoahoho, i stand corrected. patrick: and unlike your nasty, little wig  mine is real.  spongebob: man, how'd you grow that so fast. patrick: natural talent, watch this  spongebob: whoo, yeah.  dig that fancy follicle work. patrick: hey, check this one out.  spongebob: oh man, squidward's not gonna want to miss this.  squidward: hello. spongebob: squidward, aren't you coming to band practice. squidward:  are you kidding. i've got a lot of work to do before i'm famous.  spongebob:  ok, then, we'll keep your seat warm.  patrick. patrick: i'm on it.  plankton:  greetings, fellow bandmates. spongebob: hey, plankton, what's that. plankton:  tshirts. both: ooh. oh, boy. oh, boy. oh, boy.  spongebob: ah  "plankton and the patty stealers". plankton:  uh, if you guys don't like the name, uh spongebob: i love it. it's kind of vague and mysterious. patrick: can i get mine in pink.  it looks like a tattoo. spongebob: hey, plankton, can our first song go like this.  and then turn into one of those songs that goes  plankton:  yes, perfect, now all we need are the lyrics. you know something personal. maybe a secret you know, or a favorite recipe, hmm. spongebob: or one about my new friend plankton. plankton: stop it.  spongebob: or the adventures of plankton:  the best kind of lyrics are the ones that are deep and revealing. something only you know  secret recipe. patrick: i once searched for my innermost secrets. all i found was this.  spongebob:  is that what you mean, plankton.  spongebob: what is that. plankton: it's my uh recording equipment.  spongebob:  oh, my gosh. what do i do. plankton:  just take a seat here, and i'll strap you in.  now just relax and let the equipment do its job. let's see what's locked in his subconscious.  spongebob:  .time to feed him. time to feed him. now it's gary's feeding time. mrow mrow meow, mrow mrow meow.. plankton: nope  spongebob:  .brush, brush, brush my teeth. gently keep them clean.. plankton: the krabby patty formula's gotta be in here somewhere.  what's going i'm a failure. spongebob: cheer up, plankton. we've still got a whole week before our first gig at the krusty krab. plankton:  at the krusty krab. spongebob: uhhuh, but old man krabs doesn't want us bugging the customers. so, we have to go in after hours when nobody's there. plankton: when nobody's there.   squidward: my perfect dreambody.  narrator: one week later  plankton: oh, no, it's the cops. i can't let them see me. spongebob: why. plankton: why. uh, cops are autograph hounds. yeah, they're always after me. spongebob: mm, that's tough. don't worry, i'll hide you.  officer john: hey, what are you kids up to this late. spongebob: we're on our way to our first gig. we're in a band. officer john: a band, huh, well, that's, uh oh.  uh, you've got a, uh spongebob: got a, uh, what.  officer john: uh it's right  spongebob: yes.  officer john:  just keep your nose clean, kid.  spongebob: sure thing, officer.  they're gone. plankton: you will never speak of this to anyone.  come on, come on, hurry up. spongebob: don't worry, i just need to get the key out.  plankton: give me that, you incompetent fool.  yes, the krabby patty formula is mine. uh, i mean, we'll have a great time.  now where does krabs keep that formula. spongebob:  whoo, let's rock. patrick: yeah. squidward: we're gonna be stars.  spongebob:  all right. squidward, are you ready. squidward:  i'm ready. spongebob: ok. patrick, are you ready.  plankton, are you ready.  plankton.  plankton.  plankton: uh i'm ready. spongebob: wait a minute was this band just a front so you could steal the krabby patty secret formula. plankton: what, no, i was in it for the music, man.  plankton: well, at least i'm back to my old cell. police officer: oh, no, you're not. we've got a special cell for you.  plankton: but i liked my old cell. police officer: then you're gonna love this one.  spongebob:  there's no time to waste, plankton.  we've only got 22 years to practice before our next gig. a one and a two  ) )