spongebob: whoa, look at that cloud, gary. it looks just like a giraffe eating ice cream. gary: meow. spongebob: you're right, gary, all this cloudwatching is making me hungry too. ooh, look at that big one, gary. it's getting bigger, and bigger, and bigger, and bigger, and  gary: meow. spongebob: gary, that was a pretty heavy cloud. gary: meow. spongebob: you're right, gary, it's not a cloud at all.  spongebob: let's see what's inside.  spongebob: whoo, fortune cookies. vague prophecies baked into delicious bite sized snacks. these cookies can see the future, gary, which means they knew we were hungry, even before we did. let's eat.  spongebob: "a great fortune has fallen upon you."  did you hear that gary, the fortune is true. let's look at your future.  "happy trails will follow you always."  your fortune came true too.  spongebob: cookies with fortunes that actually come true. we have to share these with everybody.  mr. krabs: no, spongebob, we are not handing out anything free with every purchase. even the smiles here cost a nickel. spongebob: aw, why not, mr. krabs. squidward:  because, spongebob, fortune cookie fortunes are always lame and they never come true spongebob: oh, but that's where you're wrong, squidward. these fortune cookies are different, try one.  squidward:  no.  way.  squidward: "you will be rewarded for your particular talent." right.  french purser: excuse me mr. squidward tentacles, you have just won the most miserable cashier in bikini bottom contest. here is your cash prize.  squidward: holy harpoons, the fortune did come true. mr. krabs:  me cash register, me money.  squidward: and that's why my depression is awardwinning. spongebob:  don't you see, mr. krabs, the fortunes in those cookies are real. can't we share them with everyone. mr. krabs:  you know, you're right, spongebob.  we will share these magical macaroons with all the folks in bikini bottom. you just leave it to me. spongebob:  all right. squidward:  hooray.   this is how you hook them.  now remember, the first one is free.  dale:  "something wonderful is about to happen to you."  i love puppies, thanks fortune cookie. mablemonica: "eat your hat and you will fall in love."  mablemonica and lenny: thanks fortune cookie. fred: "you will soon injure your legs.."  my legs. i was looking for an excuse to get out of jury duty.  thanks fortune cookie. spongebob: those fortune cookies are a hit.  plankton: fortune cookies at the krusty krab, aye. well, eugene, i have a prediction too. you are in for an epic fail supreme with extra cheese.  karen: sheldon. where are you..  plankton: barnacles, woman, would it kill you to leave me alone for five minutes. karen: sorry your royalship, but the garbage isn't going to take itself out.  plankton:  riddle me this, computer wife, what's hollow, full of lies, and leaves a bad taste in your mouth. karen: our marriage.  plankton: no. fortune cookies. and krabs is raking it in right now because all of his fortunes are actually coming true.. so... karen:  so, you got an evil plan to get the krabby patty secret formula and soon it will be all yours,  plankton:  wow, i can't tell if you're sarcastic or psychic. karen: ugh.   plankton: this will be a good one, "you stink."   plankton: enjoy your new fortune cookies, krabs. spongebob:  time for a refill.  squidward: my tentacles are going to fall off if i don't get a break soon, mr. krabs. mr. krabs:  look out, mr. squidward, i'll teach ya how to run a cash register.  mr. krabs: huh. more cookies, spongebob. spongebob: fortunes flying in, mr. krabs.  plankton: let the wave of misfortune begin. dale: "i'll get stomach cramps from the krusty krab.." customer #1: "the octopus with the big nose just spit in your food.."  fred: "a yellow sponge will serve you salmonella.." fred: "you will live forever if you eat at the chum bucket.."  susie rechid: lets eat at the chum bucket.   mr. krabs: what did we ever do to those fortune cookies to make them lie about us like that. spongebob: well, the fortunes in those cookies were always right before.  here mr. krabs, maybe this next one will change your luck. mr. krabs:  "unless you give a tiny copepod the krabby patty secret formula, you will die.." plankton:  hello. did someone say copepod.  plankton: just wanted to borrow a cup of grease eugene. i'll come back later, ciao. mr. krabs:  jjust how true are these cookie fortunes spongebob. spongebob: if the cookie says it's true, then it's true. horribly, terribly, truthfully, true.  mr. krabs: "you will die."  pearl:  oh i'll miss you daddy. but i really can't wait to spend your hard earned money on shoes.  mr. krabs:  me money. spongebob: mr. krabs.  spongebob: mr. krabs. mr. krabs, it's time.  it's time to give up the secret formula to plankton. because your life is worth more than some scrap of paper in a bottle. mr. krabs: you're right me boyo,  i've got to face me fortune.   karen: don't crowd, there's more chumbalaya where that came from, unfortunately.  crowd:  plankton: the scheme is working perfectly, and here comes gullible krabs now to handdeliver the secret formula. i promised myself i wouldn't cry.   mr. krabs: oh, this crowd is impossible. spongebob:  leave it to me mr. krabs. i'll make sure plankton gets his so you won't get yours.  hot stuff comin' through.  plankton: don't worry secret formula, i'm comin' baby.  spongebob:  here plankton, mr. krabs wants you to have this. plankton:  finally.  no.  ahhah.  i have had enough.  get out of my restaurant you mindless sheep. i wrote those fortunes,  they were fakes, don't you get it.. now all of you out.  dale: lets go back to the krusty krab.   plankton: i guess i didn't really think that through. mr. krabs: well, i figured the funeral fortune was phony plankton. plankton: oh yeah.. what are you going to do about it eugene. mr. krabs: nothing sheldon. here, have a fortune cookie. plankton:  "you will go on a long voyage where you will get everything you deserve."  hey.  plankton: hey. mommy. ) )