spongebob:  order up right now. go out there, and bless the taste buds of your lucky connoisseur  squidward: it went in my mouth. choking on sentiment. i think i'm poisoned. spongebob: well okay you sit this one out squidward, this will be a special delivery from the chef.  for your dining pleasure, 2 double krabby patties cooked to perfection complimented by a side of coral bits and a jumbo diet soda, topped off with a little extra love.  enjoy your meal.  it's the little details that they really appreciate, isn't it squidward. squidward:  oh yeah, you really touched his life.  spongebob: nothing beats making quality food for good people with discriminating tastes. squidward: quality food. spongebob: yeah. squidward: good people. spongebob: uhhuh.  squidward: discriminating tastes. spongebob: testify. squidward: d'oh.  only pathetic losers with horrible taste would eat this garbage.  spongebob: squidward. the krusty clientle needs to be cuddled and treated with respect.  there there.  mr. krabs will be ashamed.  mr. krabs: all right you filthy bilge rats. spongebob: mr. krabs. mr. krabs: you got three seconds to get out of me restaurant before i kick you out. fine, have it your way.  spongebob: what's happening, mr. krabs. mr. krabs: ah, we don't need those losers anymore. i'm turning the restaurant in to one of those fancy froufrou places, where they charge big bucks for itsybitsy portions. squidward: fancy. froufrou. mr. krabs: we're getting a gourmet chef from the chef exchange program and i'm going to raise me prices to the roof.  spongebob: chef exchange program. mr. krabs:  oh. uh, yeah. well, you'll be shipped off to some other restaurant somewhere far away from here. uh details are kinda hazy, but i packed your bags and your bus leaves in five minutes.  heh, looks like it's early.  squidward: it was that easy. all these years.  i've underestimated the power of public transportation.  mr. krabs: welcome to the krusty krab. squidward: does your middle name happen to be "no spongebob within a thousand kilometers of here".  le schnook: i find you disgusting.  however, my culture dictates zat i must kiss you regardless.  mr. krabs: well, he's just as affectionate as the boy. squidward: but the surly attitude he has is a step in the right direction.  fancy head chef: what is this rubbish.. i would not wipe my own bottom with this.  start over. and this  i would not wash my own bottom with this after carefully wiping and wiping and wiping.  now go stand in the corner and think about what you have done. and where is my exchange chef..  spongebob: um, right here, sir. fancy head chef:  there you are. bonjour.  now, get to your station and prepare me your best dish.  this is not funny. and i certainly did not exchange my top sous chef for a, how you say, comedian.  prepare me a gourmet dish, now.  spongebob:  i'm sure with all my years in the kitchen, i can make something other than...  just warming up.  come on, spongebob.  just one egg then...  no, that's not it, no... fancy head chef: you are making a mockery of my...  this taste is fantastic. what do you call it.  spongebob: a krabby patty. fancy head chef:  the whole world must taste this.  mr. krabs: hey, squidward, look at this.  we're charging 52 smackeroos for this little guy.  squidward: oh. what is that.. mr. krabs: i don't know. some kind of bean paste or something. le schnook: wrong, monsieur. it is ze rare fruit of ze kazook tree. mr. krabs: so it's supposed to smell like a rotten gym socks. le schnook: its naturally rancid odor can only be neutralized by shredded gold. mr. krabs: shredded...  gold.  couldn't we use less expensive ingredients. le schnook: price can be no object when it comes to dealing with exquisite food like zis. it must be prepared with only the finest ingredients, and eaten with only the finest silverware, while sitting on the finest furniture.  zis... is not ze chair i ordered... mr. krabs: yeah, well you see those were out of stock. le schnook: and zis fork of plastic... spray painted to look silver, is it not.  i cannot prepare food under zese conditions.  fancy head chief: monsieur spongebob, although it is in direct violation of our chef exchange program rules, let me assure you that these kisses are not merely a formality. they are genuine.  i am sure that this is only the beginning of a long and...  spongebob: well, my time here is up. i am officially a krusty krab employee once again.  fancy head chef: i apologize, monsieur spongebob, but you can see that my customers had grown rather fond of your krabby patties. spongebob:  the krabby patties, i almost forgot. these babies also belong to the krusty krab.  so long.  customer: wait, just one more. spongebob: i'm sorry but i've got to go.  mr. krabs: i'm ruined. busted.  hello. pearl:  daddy, the house is full of burglars.  mr. krabs: no, those aren't burglars, pearl. those are just friendly repo men.  squidward: mr. krabs, tell these guys to let go of me. mr. krabs: uh, well, you know, until i come up with the money i owe, i'm afraid you'll be staying with these nice gents. squidward: you sold me... mr. krabs: no. bartered is more like it. they keep you, i keep my kneecaps. man who's holding squidward: come on, mac.  squidward: you're pathetic.  mr. krabs: oh, mr. le schnook... i lost everything. i'm bankrupt. you and your fancy eats are all i got left now. le schnook: not quite. my time in the chef's exchange program has expired. so my "eats" and i are leaving.  this is for you. mr. krabs: is it money. le schnook: it is the bill for my services.  man who was holding squidward: one side, please.  mr. krabs: oh, i've been such a fool. i turned away spongebob, the best fry cook i ever had, and it cost me everything. spongebob: mr. krabs. mr. krabs: oh, i can still hear his sweet little voice. spongebob:  mr. kraaabs.. mr. krabs: okay, now i'm scared. spongebob: mr. krabs. mr. krabs: darn his cursed mocking voice. i...  spongebob. spongebob: ahoy, mr. krabs. mr. krabs: spongebob me boy. you came back. and you brought customers.  mr. krabs:  well mr. squidward, all's well that end's well. i got me poor disgusting old clientle back, and rich disgusting new clientle to boot.  i'm back in business. squidward: couldn't you at least give them tables to eat on. mr. krabs: oh no way. see, i've learned that you can't buy customer loyalty with fancy tables, froufrou food, or even sanitary conditions. hey get back you, eat your own.  nope, just good food prepared with love. ain't that right spongebob. spongebob: you got it, mr. krabs.  ) )