squidward:  ahhh, yes, just how i like it... nice and empty.  old man jenkins:  hey, i'm still here.  squidward: oh, yes, sirreenice and empty.  jimmy: do you work here.  squidward:  welcome to the krustywhawhat the. well, there goes my nap. multiple orders up. sponge... bob. spongebob. where are you. you need to get out here and make those krabby patties.  spongebob. get it together, spongebob. the dining room is full of ravenous customers.  spongebob:  i got it.  squidward: hmm, what was that imbecile doing in there.  an old book. spongebob:  nothing.  squidward: what's going on here.  customers: thank you.  old man jenkins: excuse me. i wanted pickles on mine.   squidward: hmmm.  if spongebrain is keeping the book away from me, then i have no choice but to read it.  spongebob: i'll take that, thank you.   squidward:  there he goes again, scribbling away in that little book.  i must admit, my curiosity is peaked... i guess i'm "peaked" to "peek" at that book.  oh, puns.  old man jenkins:  ha. squidward:  hey spongebob, you need to make a delivery. spongebob:  okiedokie. squidward: the address is on the bag. spongebob: i got it.  squidward:  it's a diary. ohhoho. this is gonna be good. huh. drat, it's locked.  hmm. i need a hairpin.  and now... the diary of a moron.  spongebob: "dear diary, what an amazing day i've..."  ...day i've had.  this morning i was greeted by my nearest and dearest neighbor, squidward.  he had some very important news he was just bursting to share.  he had decided that today would be the perfect day to deliver his profound opinions on how to properly raise and care for a household pet.  specifically, what not to feed them.  the list was very thorough.  needless to say, this is all very enlightening.  it warms my heart to know that squidward thinks we're close enough to use the harshest words in his critique horrible words that should never be used around strangers, who may now know how wellintentioned those words are. ' knowing i have a tendency to dawdle, gary cut our conversation short.  and i was hurried along to work, where i arrived only a hour and a half early for what may be my favorite day of the year,  cleaning day.  together, mr. krabs and i scrubbed every inch of the krusty krab,  and finally, with a little elbow grease, we were able to get into even the tightest spots.  ah yes, cleaning day.  squidward: great neptune, i had no idea. the depth of his delusion is awe inspiring. spongebob:  well, i don't know. something about this delivery address doesn't seem right.  wait a minute. squidward. he must have been the victim of a prank phone call. poor squidward. he can be so gullible.  patrick:  oh, boy.  a ketchup packet. that'll go great on this old diaper.  spongebob:  oh, squidward. you are gonna laugh when you hear what i've... been.  squidward. where are you. could have sworn i just saw him. squidward:  spongebob, uh, one of the customers dropped his watch in a toilet, and i need you to fish it out.  spongebob:  duty calls.  customer #2: you laughing at me. squidward: what. oh, no. no, no, no. i was just reading what spongebob wrote in his diary. it's hilarious. customer #2: reading somebody else's diarythat's terrible. tell me more. squidward: it says here, when spongebob see plaid, he has the uncontrollable urge to cluck like a chicken.  mr. krabs:  did somebody say plaid. why i'm a plaid enthusiast.  i just got me new kilt today. squidward: oh, spongebob. can you come here, please. spongebob:  i couldn't find that watch anywhere. all i found was this stuff old man jenkin: i fell in. spongebob: and that guy. squidward: what do you think of mr. krabs' new plaid kilt. spongebob: ppppplaid.  old man jenkins: hey.  mr. krabs: well, you don't have to be nasty about it.  spongebob:  avert your eyes, squarepants.  i have to take my break.  squidward:  listen to this  spongebob has named his spatula "fifi."  henrybart: he named his spatula fifi. nat: he named his spatula fifi.  what kind of name is fifi. patrick:  who ever heard of naming a spatula fifi. it's a girl's name. right, frank.  spongebob:  i'm back from my break. any orders, squidward. patrick: yeah, cook me up a krabby patty... with good old fifi. spongebob:  oh, sure thing.  fifi, how did patrick know your name. have you been talking. squidward: oh, oh, this is the best one yet. get this: "if i hear the bikini bottom municipal anthem, i can't help but take off all my clothes and dance around in my underwear."  quiet, quiet, quiet. watch this.   spongebob: my... diary. squidward. how could you..  nat: that was that little dude's diary.  customers:  that is not okay. that was uncool. mr. krabs: that's low, squidward... even for you. you'd better apologize. squidward:  he'll get over it.  newspaper boy: extra, extra, read all about it. jerk reads the diary, local fry cook devastated.  squidward: oh boy, let me see one of those papers. uhhuh, mmhm.  taxi.  driver: whoa, whoa, whoa. hold it, pal. you're that diary reader. squidward: yes, i am.  abigailmarge: diary thief. sandals: jerk. john: secret stealer. sadie: billy, you stay away from that mean, old diary reader. squidward: morons.  quincy: squidward tentacles, by reading another person's diary, you have violated the terms of your loan.  we are repossessing your house. squidward:  what. quincy: take it away, boys.  squidward: ow.  officer nancy:  hey, you can't sleep here, fella.  wait a second, you're that diary reader. i had a diary once. my brother read it. i had a brother once. come on, fella. we have a special place for people like you.  patrick: diary reader.  squidward: what.. you read it too. patrick: oh, sure, blame everyone but yourself. oh, that is so you.  spongebob: hi, squidward. how's it going. squidward: spongebob, oh, thank goodness. you have to forgive me. spongebob: what for. squidward: for reading your diary. spongebob: oh, that. you know, squidward, everyone was so amused by it, i had it published. it's a best seller, and i owe it all to you.  besides, you only read my work diary. you've never even seen my secret personal diary.  now, that would have been really embarrassing. nat: there he is. that diary reader.  let's get him. crowd: yeah.  spongebob: people, people. stop your assault. through my art, as an author, i have forgiven squidward. nat: oh yeah, did you know he's reading your personal diary.  spongebob: squidward. how could you..  squidward: i don't care. this is so worth it.  ) )