frankie billy: excuse me, a patty for the lady please. squidward: try reading the sign, casanova.  evelyn: you never learned to read, did you. frankie billy:  no. evelyn: that's all right, neither did i. frankie billy: we were meant for each other.  squidward:  even the illiterate find love.  oh, squidward, why are you torturing yourself with tales of romance.  spongebob:  hey, squidward.  you've dropped your ook. squidward: that's no "ook". that's just a cruel reminder that i'm single, and will likely be that way forever. spongebob: c'mon, squidward. turn that frown upside down.  squidward: i like my frowns in their regular orientation.  spongebob:  just remember, squidward. you've never experienced true love. but, that doesn't mean you'll never find it. you know the saying: there's a squid for every pot. squidward: great, let the tired cliches cascade forward.  that'll make me feel better.  squidward:  whowho is that. she's got dadadadada...  she's, wow. squilvia: i absolutely adore the decor. exquisitely minimalist. squidward:  she speaks art jargon. squilvia: what captive wonders does this menu hold. squidward: spongebob, she's got it all. class, style, grace,  and looks like yours truly. spongebob: then why don't you ask her out on one of those dates you keep talking about. squidward: my next move exactly. observe the old tentacles and all of its glory.  squilvia: is that salmonese. spongebob: boy, you were floundering up there. squidward: spongebob, i don't know what i'm doing. i've never felt like this before. spongebob: squidward, you've been bitten by the love bug. squilvia: hello, hello. i'd like to place an order. squidward: she's talking to me. what do i do. squilvia: well, if nobody's going to take my order, i'll just have to go eat elsewhere.  squidward:  she's leaving. spongebob: oh no she's not. hang on buddy.  squilvia: finally, some service around here. spongebob: hey, idward squay. 'emeber ray the eat day.  i believe squidward here is trying to ask you out on a romantic date, ma'am, right squidward. squidward:  spongebob: come on, squidward. shake the nice lady's hand and say "hello." squilvia: hello.  my name is squilvia. uh... is he okay. spongebob: oh, yes. he's just tired, you know, from all the hard work he's been doing around here. i so admire his work ethic.  so, what do you think. you want to date him. squilvia: uh... i don't know. i'm not too sure... spongebob: wait a minute. before you make any hasty decisions, allow me to tell you a few things about my friend squidward. things i think you should know, like that squidward is by far the single most intelligent person i know. squilvia: intelligent. spongebob: that's right. we are talking some serious credentials. squilvia:  l.a.m.e.. what school is that. spongebob: the point is he thinks you look like a ray of pure sunshine in that dress. squilvia: really. he said that. spongebob: you betcha. he's such a charmer. squidward:  don't forget artistic and musical. spongebob: not to mention that he's an incredible painter, a virtuoso musician, loves to cook and clean and also enjoys gardening quite a bit, too.  squilvia: oh, he sounds interesting. spongebob: but you know what is the most amazing thing about squidward.  it's his selflessness, his undying commitment to being a true friend. and i know anyone who is lucky enough to go on a romantical date with this guy would get to experience things on a whole 'nother very special level. so, how does dinner at 8:00 sound, squilvia. squilvia: i think that sounds perfect. i'll come by your place, okay. squidward: okay. squilvia: see you at 8: 00, squidward.  spongebob: you okay, buddy. you froze up there. squidward:  what do you mean. spongebob: i mean, when was the last time you went out on a date. squidward:  spongebob, you've gotta help me. it's been so long. what do i do. spongebob: you my friend are in desperate need of a practice date. squidward: that's it. i'll go on...  a practice date. i don't get it. spongebob: just meet me at my house at 5: 00, squidward.  spongebob:  just one minute, squidward. squidward:  sometime today would be nice. spongebob:  i'm ready. squidward:  dear neptune. spongebob: oh.  missed a spot.  aren't you going to compliment my outfit. squidward: um...you look...stunning. spongebob:  oh, you're so sweet. where are my flowers. squidward: what. oh. um. did you drop your lip balm. spongebob:  i don't think i've dropped anything... ooh. you shouldn't have. squidward. oh, but i wanted to. spongebob: no, you really shouldn't have. it's just that i'm very... i'm very aller... achoo.  ...very allergic to tulips. so, are you ready to go. squidward: go where. spongebob: to dinner, silly. squidward: oh, right. i'll get my car.  hop in.  what. spongebob:  a gentlemen always opens a door for a lady. squidward:  oh, where are my manners..  alrighty, so...  can i help you with that. spongebob: no, no, i've got it. squidward:  there. spongebob: ah, snug. squidward: can we go now. spongebob: yes. squidward: good. spongebob: right after i tinkle.  squidward: can we go now. spongebob: great, i know a fabulous place. just head this way. squidward: okay. spongebob: at that stop sign make a right. squidward: alright. spongebob: at that stoplight make a right. squidward: gotcha. spongebob: at this street here make a right. at this intersection make a right, and park at the orange building up ahead. ooh. we're here. squidward: you're a real piece of work, you know that. spongebob: why thank you, mr. squidward.  way to compliment the date, squidward.  spongebob: now, it's the chitchat part of the date. amuse her with an interesting conversation. squidward: oh... um... chitchat... can you believe all this weather we're having. spongebob: okay, good effort, but you want to try something more personal. a woman may want to talk about her day, for example. she may want to talk about her promotion at work, or the wacky antics of her pet snail, or how i was nearly late for our date because i couldn't decide what to wear, and then i didn't really have enough cash to give to the nail salon.  squidward: urrgh. patrick:  dinner is served. spongebob: oh. i'm famished.  don't try to eat it. it's plastic. spongebob: this is the perfect opportunity to work on your table etiquette. spongebob:  squidward, could you please pass the roasted kelp.  patrick:  here you go, ma'am. spongebob: why, thank you, sir. patrick: hey, squidward, who's the lovely lady sitting across from you. i think she's giving me the cutesy eye. squidward: oh, no you don't, patrick. you cannot just barge across like this. spongebob and i are in the middle of a practice date.. patrick:  so, do you hang out here often. spongebob:  well, this is my home, silly. squidward: excuse me, but how is this supposed to help me with my real date.  which, by the way begins in five minutes.  spongebob:  squidward, wait. we haven't covered... we haven't covered all the tenants of dating 101 yet.  so, as i was saying... i, i would like to go over just a few more crucial aspects of the first date.  such as...  squidward: spongebob. would you please just shut it and leave me alone. spongebob: um, squidward.. squidward: don't "um, squidward" me, you, you annoying, insignificant, waste of my time. spongebob: um, squidward. squidward: don't interrupt me. and don't call me, look at me, write me, or even think of me. cause you and i, we are not friends. and never will be. spongebob: does this mean there won't be a second date. ] squidward: um, you just saw that. squilvia: oh, only all of it. squidward: and you probably think i'm a mean, spirited brute, which is the exact opposite of what you were expecting, right. squilvia: not exactly. squidward: huh. squilvia: i think a guy who doesn't take fools lightly is totally dreamy. let's go eat. squidward: spongebob, i'm dreamy.  spongebob: have fun you two, oh squarepants your work here is done. patrick:  not quite, i was promised a movie, and some plastic popcorn. ) )