narrator: the new adventures of mermaid man and barnacle boy.  in a familiar restaurant, in a familiar part of town, a call goes out in frustration. frank: will you hurry up. narrator: a call that would normally be answered by bikini bottom's semiretired champions.  they weren't the ones causing the problem. mermaid man: let's see...i wanna, no. i wanna, uh, no, uh, hmmm... squidward: sir, will you please order already. you're holding up the line. spongebob:  psst. hey, mermaid man, get a krabby patty. mermaid man: i've made my decision. line of customers: hooray. mermaid man: one krabby patty for me and a pipsqueak patty for the boy. barnacle boy: now, wait just a darn minute. line of customers: awww. barnacle boy: i don't want a pipsqueak patty. i want an adult size krabby patty. mermaid man: the krabby patty is too big for you. you'll never finish it. barnacle boy: don't you see what you're doing. you're treating me like a child. mr. krabs: the boys eyes are bigger than his stomach.  barnacle boy: and that's another thing, i'm not a boy. i'm so old i got hairs growing out of the wrinkles in my liver spots.  squidward:  one pipsqueak patty  and your bib and highchair. barnacle boy: i'm 68 years old and i want a krabby patty. mermaid man: your pipsqueak is getting cold. shall i feed you. barnacle boy: feed this, old man.  all except mm and bb: ooooooooh. barnacle boy: i'm tired of playing second banana to a man who wears a bra. from now on, i want to be called barnacle man. and, i'm through protecting citizens that don't respect me. spongebob: i respect you, barnacle man. barnacle man: that's barnacle boy, i mean, man. i... ohh...forget it, people. if you're not going to give me the respect i want as a hero, then maybe you'll give me respect as a villain. a villain who is...evil. spongebob: evil. mr. krabs, squidward, patrick, & sandy: evil.  mermaid man: evil. barnacle man: i am crossing over...to the dark side.  mr. krabs: why should i waste money lighting the whole store.  dirty bubble: did someone say evil. spongebob: holy oil spill. it's mermaid man and barnacle boy's arch enemies: man ray and the dirty bubble.  barnacle man: nighty night, you old goat. mermaid man: nightynight.  will you tuck me in. realistic fish head: we interrupt your bleak and meaningless lives for this news report.  man ray,  the dirty bubble, and now, playing for the dark side, barnacle boy... barnacle man: barnacle man. realistic fish head: ...have been committing a series of crimes throughout bikini bottom.  barnacle man: shh.  senior citizen:  i'll get you crazy kids. realistic fish head: these three have named their new alliance: every villain is lemons, otherwise known as e.v.i.l.. what can we do. when will this crime wave end. how will we defeat the evil. why am i asking  all these questions. mermaid man, where are you.  mermaid man: huh. i'm right here. don't worry, good citizens. nothing will stop me from defeating the e.v.i.l..  nothing.  ice cream. i love ice cream. a double scoop of prune with bran sprinkles.  mmm.  goes right through me every time. barnacle man:  you might as well give up, mermaid man, because there are three of us and only one of you. you don't stand a chance.  spongebob:  are you okay, mermaid man. oh, how are you going to beat those three guys all by yourself. mermaid man: you're right.  i give up. spongebob: you can't give up. what if we help you. mermaid man: no, no, that's a terrible idea. but what if you help me. spongebob: okay. mermaid man: who wants to save the world. spongebob: i do. sandy: i do. patrick: i do. squidward: i don't. mr. krabs:  oh, yes, you do. no world means no money. now, go save the world, or you're fired.  mermaid man: then it's settled. to the mermalair. spongebob: wow. the mermalair. mermaid man: these costumes belonged to the original international justice league of super acquaintances. spongebob: wow. the i.j.l.s.a. were the most heroic heroes ever. and you had the best lunch box, too. mermaid man: once you put on these costumes, their fantastic powers will become yours. sandy: wow. i didn't think super powers worked that way. mermaid man: sure. power's all in the costume. why else would we run around in colored undies. squidward: i can think of three good reasons. narrator:  the quickster...with the uncanny ability to run really...quick. spongebob: want to see me run to that mountain and back.  want to see me do it again. narrator:  captain magma...get him angry and he's bound to erupt. squidward: krakatoa.  narrator: the elastic waistband...able to stretch his body into fantastic shapes and forms.  patrick: i can finally touch my toes.  narrator: and miss appear...now you see her...  ...now you don't. sandy: does this outfit make me look fat. narrator: the international justice league of super acquaintances. a subsidiary of viacom. mermaid man: so, it's settled then. we'll get one cheese pizza, one with pepperoni and mushrooms, and one with olives. chief: super acquaintances, we need your help. spongebob: holy halibut. it's the chief. chief: thank you for the introduction, quickster, but we all know who i am. more importantly, we've found information on the whereabouts of e.v.i.l. patrick: the whose abouts of what. sandy: you just tell us where they are, chief, and we'll hogtie 'em faster than you can say "salsa verde." chief: our sources last found e.v.i.l. harassing teenagers up at "make out reef." you know, makeout reef.  whoo hoo hoo. spongebob: flopping flounder, mermaid man, makeout reef. mermaid man: those fiends. attacking hormonally stressedout children. squidward: ah, makeout reef. good times, good times. mermaid man: to makeout reef,  away. patrick: does this mean we're not getting pizza.  john & nancy: stop, please. e.v.i.l.: john and nancy, sittin' in a tree, kissing. dirty bubble: oh.  shine the flashlight in that car, man ray. man ray: haha, with pleasure.  sandals: hey man, that's not cool.  mermaid man: leave those young lovers alone. man ray: well if it isn't milk maid man. you've saved us the trouble of tracking you down. mermaid man: you fiends can't win. you're outnumbered. man ray: you senile bag of fish paste. there are three of us and only one of you. spongebob:  make that two. man ray: the quickster. squidward:  three. barnacle man: captain magma. patrick:  four. dirty bubble: the elastic waistband. sandy:  five. e.v.i.l.: mmmiss appear. mermaid man: and me makes ten, i think. man ray: uhoh. dirty bubble: i don't have a good feeling about this. barnacle man: oh, there goes our toy deal. mermaid man: super acquaintances, attack. barnacle man: oh no, please, mercy. squidward: krakatoa.  spongebob: ah. ah. ah. get it off.  get it off. get it off. get it off. get it off. patrick: i'll save you, quickster, ahh.  mermaid man: i'll cool you off, quickster, with one of my water balls.  aha. squidward: huh.. no, no, no, i'm not the quickster. i'm captain mag...  ma...  sandy: well, i guess it's up to me.  i'll sneak over...unseen...and catch them by surprise.  ahhhh.  boom. spongebob: get it off. get it off.  whew...i'm glad that's over.  barnacle man: we did it, we won. this day belongs to e.v.i.l..  you've lost mermaid man, and the superhero and supervillain rules say you have to give in to my demands. mermaid man: okay, what do you want. man ray: world domination. tell him we want world domination. dirty bubble: and make him eat dirt. hahaha.  in addition to the...domination thing. barnacle man: number one, i want to be treated like a superhero, not a sidekick. number two, i want to be called barnacle man. and number three... man ray: come on, world domination. barnacle man: i want an adultsized krabby patty. dirty bubble:  did you hear him say anything about eating dirt. barnacle man: need a hand, superpal.  mermaid man: good to have you back on the side of justice, kyle. let's go get you that krabby patty.  man ray: was that it. oh, that's sickening. dirty bubble: oh, this reminds me of the time i went to cancun with the killer shrimp. oh, they had these papaya drinks... man ray:  oh, neptune, shut up.  mermaid man: how is that adultsized krabby patty treating you, barnacle  man. barnacle man: actually, it's pretty big. i'm not sure if i can finish the whole thing.  ) )