tv announcer: mermaid man: fleet and forceful. with the ability to assemble and charge the creatures of the deep. mermaid man: by the power of neptune. tv announcer: mermaid man, with his young associate barnacle boy, fights for all creatures who live in the sea, against the forces of evil. villain:  oh, no. the raging whirlpool.  tv announcer: mermaid man. champion of the deep. spongebob and patrick: yay. champion of the deep. woo. spongebob:  come, barnacle boy. there's evil afoot. patrick:  leaping lampreys, mermaid man. i'm right behind you. spongebob: mermaid man and barnacle boy spot their arch enemy, reflecto, up to no good. squidward: spongebob. spongebob: you know what this means. patrick: donuts. spongebob and patrick: ooohh. spongebob: by the power of neptune.  spongebob and patrick: mermaid man and barnacle boy, unite. spongebob: creatures of the deep, assemble.  think... harder... barnacle boy.  here they come.  spongebob: blast, reflecto has become too powerful. squidward:  what the. ohh. spongebob: if reflecto is cut off from sunlight, he becomes weak. patrick: jumping jellyfish, mermaid man. he's destroying the shield.  spongebob: quick, barnacle boy, back to the sea cave. patrick: right, mermaid man. squidward:  spongebob. spongebob, open up. spongebob:  reflecto has found our secret lab. patrick: what would the real mermaid man do. squidward: why don't you go ask him yourself. spongebob: elaborate, you vile fiend. squidward: he and barnacle boy live in the retirement home on the other side of town. spongebob: hmm, they must be working undercover. squidward: yeah... now please leave me alone. spongebob and patrick:  mermaid man and barnacle boy, reunite.  spongebob: excuse me, i know that mermaid man is working undercover on an important case, but you think we can see him. manager: undercover. yeah... well, i'll see if they can take time from their busy schedule to see you.  there they are. right over there.  manager: try not to surprise them. spongebob: patrick. can you believe it. patrick:  mermaid man and barnacle boy in the flesh.  barnacle boy: hey, who are those guys. mermaid man: uhh, are they here to fix the tv. barnacle boy: what do you want. spongebob: are you mermaid man and barnacle boy. barnacle boy: well, we used to be. but now we're retired. spongebob: but you can't retire. there's evil afoot. mermaid man: wha. evil. evil.  barnacle boy. don't forget there's evil. spongebob: all i said that there was evil afoot. mermaid man: evil. evil. e... barnacle boy: would you please stop saying that. mermaid man:  evil. evil, evil, evil, evil, evil.  disgraaace.  spongebob: wow, mermaid man and barnacle boy. patrick: it's too bad they're old. spongebob: what do you mean, patrick. old people are the greatest. they're full of wisdom and experience.  the world needs mermaid man and barnacle boy. someone, somewhere, is in trouble, and i won't rest until mermaid man and barnacle boy are out of retirement.  patrick: ooh. pretty lights.  mermaid man: to the meatloaf. to the broccoli. make sure you give extra broccoli to my young ward. the boy needs his vitamins. cafeterian: here you go, son. haha. mermaid man: to the table, away. barnacle boy: careful. don't run. spongebob: hey, mermaid man. mermaid man: uh, here comes the tv repairman. barnacle boy: what do you want from us. spongebob: hold on. just let me look at ya. mermaid man: stay alert, barnacle boy. he... he's up to something. barnacle boy: will you cut... will you stop calling me "boy." spongebob: do you remember the time the food supply in atlantis was running low. so you invented a ray gun that makes things grow six times their size to shoot at the kelp gardens. but then the evil man ray swoops down and swipes the gun away and shoots all the algae.  and he globs onto the undersea dome.  and he starts sucking on the glass. barnacle boy: what's your point, kid. spongebob: you guys are the greatest heroes of all time, and i think you should come out of retirement. mermaid man: listen up, you villains. i wanna eat my meatloaf. if you don't get out of here, then by the power invested in me, i now pronounce you man and wife. manager:  what is going on in here. mermaid man:  you may kiss the bride.  patrick: did you reunite our heroes. spongebob: no, but i'm married.  mermaid man: up, up, and away. up, up, and away. spongebob:  oh, my. this purse is so big and heavy. patrick:  hold it right there, ma'am. i'll be taking that.  spongebob:  haylp. haylp. haylp. patrick: it's working. spongebob:  why, are you here to rescue little ol' me. barnacle boy:  pipe down. you could wake mermaid man and he's ornery when his nap is disturbed. spongebob:  ever alert, mermaid man has trained himself to sleep with his eyes open. barnacle boy: confound it, get away from him. mermaid man:  stop shoutin'. i'm nappin'. barnacle boy:  it's not me, you ol' coot. retired elderly #1: yes. retired elderly #2: that's me. retired elderly #3: i'm over here. spongebob: excuse me, mermaid man. mermaid man: what do you want. barnacle boy: this better be good. spongebob: this'll cheer you up. we're almost done painting your invisible boatmobile.  barnacle boy: gah. it's supposed to be invisible. that's it. we gotta end our life of leisure. it's time to come out of retirement. there's evil afoot. mermaid man: evil. where is it. barnacle boy: there it is.  you know what this means.  mermaid man: donuts. barnacle boy: oh, brother.  say the oath. mermaid man:  mermaid man and barnacle boy, unite.  throw a waterball at 'em. spongebob and patrick: waterballs. waterballs.  patrick: hehehehehe. barnacle boy: mumbling mories. it's not working, mermaid man. mermaid man: hehe'she's absorbing it like some kind of evil sponge. mermaid man and barnacle boy: dogpaddle away.  patrick: it's the raging whirlpool.  mermaid man: those fiends. they're actually enjoying it. spongebob and patrick: do it again. do it again. do it again. barnacle boy: now what, mermaid man. we need help. mermaid man and barnacle boy: sea creatures, unite.  barnacle boy: hmm, the creatures of the deep seem to have lost some of their luster. mermaid man: sea creatures, attack. spongebob: pinch me, i must be dreaming.  mission accomplished, patrick. patrick: yeah, we did it.  mermaid man: i did it. i feel five years younger. oh, it's good to be back. barnacle boy: we did it, you ol' coot.  mermaid man: who are you.  tv announcer: the new adventures of mermaid man and barnacle boy. we join our heroes locked in a battle of wits.   mermaid man: it's the aquaphone.  what is it, chief. uhh, hello. hello. hello.  the phone is still broken. remind me to gget that fixed.  barnacle boy: remind you of what. mermaid man: remind me of what. tv announcer: will our heroes ever get their phone fixed. tune in next week and find out. spongebob: wow. that was even better than the old show. patrick: all thanks to you. . ) )