squidward:  it's finally complete.  after weeks and weeks of burning the candle at both ends,  literally,  my first clarinet concerto is complete and ready to be performed.  no.  now, i'm flummoxed.  drggh.  spongebob: hit it one more time patrick. don't want anyone stealing it.  perfect  spongebob: good job patrick. squidward: drrrrrgh. all right, what's going on out here. i can't even hear myself think. patrick:  oh. ooh. can you smell yourself think. squidward:  no.  as i was saying, you two...  patrick: or see. squidward: no. patrick:  how, how about taste. can you taste yourself think. squidward: shut it. what are you two dingbats doing. spongebob: we were just posting patrick's new "for rent" sign. did we work on it all morning, see.  squidward: for rent. you mean one of you is moving out. spongebob:  no, patrick here is just gonna rent out his front yard. patrick: need a little extra cash if you know what i mean. squidward: wow. to think this day started off so horribly and now... what do you mean you're just gonna rent out your front yard. patrick: first come, first, serve. squidward: oh great, now another idiot can move in. spongebob: oh squidward, that reminds me. patrick and i are off to jellyfish fields for the day. we were wondering if maybe you can stick around and keep an eye out for any takers. squidward: oh i would love to. just let me check my planner.  spongebob: oh, thanks. squidward: oh no, i'm sorry i can't. spongebob: aww, why not. squidward: it's because i was planning to do "no such thing". see. spongebob: oh, well thanks anyway, squidward. patrick: yeah, thanks.  squidward: with those two bone bags gone, i now have enough time for some peace and...  ...quiet.  now what are those two boobs up to. i thought you guys were...  hmmm. i wonder who was making all that noise. howard: hello. my name is howard. squidward: hello, howard. howard: i noticed this "for rent" sign. is this yard still for rent. squidward: sorry, you're too late. howard: hmmm. howard is disappointed. squidward: aren't we all. howard: i thought this would be the one place to pursue my passions... squidward:  passions. howard: ...play the bassoon... squidward: the bassoon. howard: ...and enjoy a nice cup of tea in my front yard. squidward:  i can't believe what i am hearing.  finally, a neighbor that has it. i can only imagine. painting portraits while sipping tea, recumbent bicycling into a museum, and performing a duet at the bikini bottom concert.  howard:  farewell. i new this was too good to be true. squidward:  wait.  i was...just kidding. howard: well, in that case, i should move in right away.  make yourself at home. squidward: wow, his designs are impeccable.  yes, i do feel "at home". howard: i would like to propose a toastto a new neighbor. squidward: to a new neighbor.  howard: while we're on the topic, what are the other neighbors like. squidward:  oh. well, they're just like any other neighbors. howard: that's neat. i'm the neighbor that likes all kinds of neighbors. squidward: well, that's nice. howard: well, as long they aren't jellyfishers.  i can't stand anyone who jellyfishes. but, luckily, they're not the worst kind of neighbor. squidward: well, that's nice. howard: that would be the bubble blowers.  between the jellyfishers and the bubble blowers, i just couldn't stand to stay in my old neighborhood anymore. squidward: well, you won't even notice what the neighbors around here are like.  spongebob: patrick, look. patrick: a mobile is parked right in my front yard. spongebob: do you know what that means. spongebob and patrick: landlord. patrick: spongebob, what do you say we go knock on the door and say "hi". spongebob: yes. squidward: oh no. howard: what's going on. is someone out there. squidward:  nope, nobody's out there. howard: are you sure. i thought i heard voices. squidward: there's nobody here. howard: perhaps it's the other neighbors coming to meet me. we'd better check. squidward: no. i can't let you do that. howard:  well, of course you can. they're your neighbors, too. squidward: no. you really don't wanna go out there, trust me.  howard: you're hurting my arm. squidward:  oh, sorry. i was just wondering if we could... howard: could, what. squidward: um, form a little duet together. just you and me. just the two of us. together. you know. me on clarinet and you on bassoon. why sure.  patrick: hey, spongebob. did you see the way those curtains jerked shut. spongebob: hmmm. our new neighbor must be really shy. patrick: maybe we could visit him, later. spongebob: yeah, besides, we have more pressing things to attend tolike this jellyfish we've befriended and this brand new bottle of bubbles. squidward: phew. that was close. howard: and a one and a two...  squidward:  squiddy, this is definitely your best day ever.  howard: that's funny, i thought i just had this thing tuned. squidward: uh, that's me. i think this reed needs replacing. excuse me for a moment.  there. now, where were we. patrick: look. our new neighbor must be even shyer than we thought. spongebob: yeah.  squidward: excuse me one more time.  howard:  what's going on. are you hiding something. squidward:  why, howard, i would never hide anything from you. howard: stand aside.  repulsive. somebody's got to stop these bubble blowing jellyfishers. squidward:  please don't leave, howard. you're the rain of sunshine i've had in years. howard: i'm sorry, mr. tentacles. it's too late for that. squidward: oh, neptune nooooo. howard:  you there.  hey. that was actually kind of fun. maybe now's the time i stopped being so stuffy and loosened up for a change.  squidward: i know i can handle two dunderheads, but i draw the line at three.  howard: my house.  i knew it was too good to be true. squidward:  well, i almost had a decent neighbor. spongebob: don't worry, squidward. we can cheer you up.  patrick: go on. pop it. squidward: well, squiddy, what have i got to lose.  hey, come back here you bubble.  jellyfishing bubble blowers. ) )