squidward: i thought i told that kid not to put the organic sea cucumber on top of the free range anemones. well at least my flowers survived the trip.  spongebob, would you please find your own flowers to sniff. spongebob: what about patrick, does he have to find his own flowers too.  squidward: what are you taking about, nitwit. he doesn't even have a nose. patrick: of course i have a nose, squidward. why, it's as plain as the nose on my...  ...face.  you're right, squidward.  squidward: my floors. think fast, squiddy. i've got your nose. patrick: you do. squidward: yeah i've got it...  ...right here. patrick: give me. give it here. squidward: if you want it, you gotta go get it.  patrick: there.  well spongebob, what do you think of my new nose. spongebob: patrick, that's not a nose that's a...  ...hermit crab. patrick: i guess i'll always be a noseless freak.  spongebob: it's not so abnormal to be noseless. just look around. lots of fish don't have noses. patrick: yeah, but all my friends have noses. you, squidward, sandy, even mr. krabs.  mr. krabs: there ya are.  spongebob: well patrick, if you're so concerned about not having a nose, why don't you just get a new one stitched on to your face. patrick: i can do that.  surgeon: well, what do you think. patrick: sorry doc, but i don't really think it's me. surgeon: that's aokay. that's cool. as the lead surgeon here, i take a hypophetical oath. which means i will not stop, i will not rest, i will not cut a single toenail, until the customer is 100% satified. so please, browse our extensive wall of noses. and i will patiently await your final decision. patrick: okay. let's see. hmm  surgeon: excellent choice.  spongebob: all right patrick, let's unveal the new shanauze.  patrick: wait, stop, careful spongebob. this fragile stitching requires tender care. allow me to carefully remove the bandages.  spongebob: there it is, patrick. your brand new sniffer. looking good buddy.  well, i've gotta go to work now. have fun with your new nose. patrick: i will. now, how do i use this thing.  what is that smell.  pastries. i never knew they smelled so good.  harold: well, i guess i won't be eating those.  squidward: let's see patrick destroy these.  patrick: all these years i knew i was missing out on something, but i never thought smelling could be this good.  what is that horrible smell.  onion rings.  the scent. nobody told me about bad smells.  what is it now.  i'm going to have to rethink this whole smelling thing.  i made it. at least here at home, i can't be attacked by those wretched odors.  bad smells are all around me.  i cannot live in these conditions.  narrator: 48 hours later.  spongebob: hiya patrick. how... whoa. hey, looking good. patrick: the smells. they're everywhere. it's unbearable.  squidward: what's wrong with the pin head.  patrick: there's another one. no. i can't take it. squidward: where do you think you're going. patrick: to do what should have been done long ago. , then screams] sweet neptune, imported cheese.  this is inexcusable.  yuck. squidward: what are you doing with my cheese. patrick: it's rotten garbage now.  that's better. squidward: that was my cheese. it's supposed to smell like that, kelp for brains. patrick: you are sick, squidward.  there's that smell again.  spongebob: 1, 2, 3, 4  come on squarepants, be a man.  patrick: you.  spongebob: patrick, help. patrick:  oh, i'll help you all right. help stop you polluting are world with your sweaty holes.  there. spongebob: i can't work at the krusty krab looking like this. i'm out of uniform. patrick: well you can't go to work smelling like that. you should be thanking me, spongebob.  smell's like, something greasy.  nobody move. i am ridding this place of it's disgusting stench, with these scented candles.  harold:  my mouth can't take these conflicting flavors.  patrick: this air freshener should finish the job.  mr. krabs: what the barnacles do you think you're doing.. you're chasing away all me customers.  patrick: well good. no one should have to eat in this stench.  mr. krabs: what. why, i got a good mind to... patrick: say no more, you can thank me later. right now, i've got plenty more stink holes to swab clean. mr. krabs: oh, that new honker of his has turned him into a complete jerk.  sandy: hiya pat.  patrick: take a bath, fleabag.  mr. krabs: i've asked you all here, because we all face a similar problem. the problem, a sea star with a nose that's gotten way out of hand.  now what i want to know is, are we going to do something about it.  squidward: let's give him what for. sandy: let's hogtie him and run him out of town on a rail.  spongebob:  come on spongebob, be a man.  mr. krabs. mr. krabs: not now boy. we're in the middle of a public lishen. that no good, nose flartin... spongebob: it is not patrick's fault. all: huh. spongebob: it's the new nose that has betrayed us. my grandma squarepants always says, punish the nose, not the man. but we're going to need something foul, something beyond foul, a stench that will blow the socks off his fungusinfested socks.  okay, this should be stinky enough. i've gathered every sweaty sock, moldy pizza, and rotten piece of fruit in bikini bottom.  with a little raw sewage for good measure. mr. krabs: ata' boy. now for the moment of truth. spongebob: yes sir.  patrick: hello.  no.  all i wanted was to be able to smell like the rest of you.  spongebob:  here lies the nose of patrick star. rip.  well this is terrible. all patrick wanted was to be like the rest of us, and we punished him for it. squidward: who cares. at least now that pink moron will leave us alone. patrick: i heard that.  ) )