patrick:  you're it.  spongebob:  you're it.  wait, pat, you're it.  the sign. patrick: huh.  duuhh... aaann... ger...  cliff. spongebob: patrick.  let me help you out of there, buddy.  is the rest of you down there. patrick:  the rest of me is up here. spongebob: whew, you had me worried there, buddy.  here's your head.  patrick: i find all this laughter to be highly illogical. spongebob: well, let's stop laughin' and start fishing'.  go ahead, you get first crack. patrick:  look at them. these graceful stoic creatures of the deep. spongebob: huh. those are some big words, pat. i've never heard you use them before. patrick: nonsense, my vocabulary is infinitely expanding. spongebob: well, let's expand our jellyfish nets. c'mon, patrick.  look buddy, i captured one. patrick: yes...  i captured one as well without disturbing its delicate ecosystem. it is wrong to harness nature in such a barbaric manner.  spongebob: ok...what do you wanna do. patrick: let us go off and admire the beauty and fragility of nature. spongebob: pretty. patrick: yes, quite. spongebob: fragile. patrick: indeed. spongebob:  c'mon patrick, let's do something fun. patrick: oh, you want to run some statistics or observe phenomenon and render hypothesis of said phenomenon. spongebob: i was thinking more like jumping rope , 1legged races , or playing duckduckhermit crab.  patrick: doesn't feel like fun. spongebob: how about some jokes.  patrick, what's the difference between a guitar and a jellyfish. patrick: you can't strum a jellyfish. spongebob: yes.  patrick: oh my, look at the time. i really must be going.  spongebob: what's wrong with patrick. i sure hope he gets better soon.  are you better, pat. uhh, whatcha doing. patrick: just studying this amazing subspecies. plankton:  i'll show you subspecies. spongebob: wanna visit squidward. patrick: well, since i am finished with my work i'll humor you with your trivial pursuits.  i'd recognize that piece anywhere. cornelius pufferfish's opus 67 symphony in blue. squidward:  patrick. patrick: it's a beautiful piece. execution needs some work.  may i suggest on the 7th bar of the adagio andante that you add a little fortissimo on the arpeggiated bflat scale. squidward: wow, i never thought to do it like that. patrick: well, that is because you rarely think. spongebob: how do you know so much about music. patrick: a creative outlet provides a spiritual release and helps facilitate a healthy mental balance.  ah. spongebob: does that include...  belchtalking. patrick:  mr. squarepants, i find your humor vulgar. squidward: i had no idea you were so knowledgeable, patrick. do you think you can be my musical mentor. spongebob: uhh, guys. patrick: let's take it from the top.  not so excellent, squidward. let me demonstrate the proper technique.  on second thought, practice makes perfect. let's begin.  thank you, my good chap. unfortunately, this is a solo piece for clarinet only. and 1, 2, 3, 4...  stop. enough.  find yourself a new mentor. spongebob: now that you have some freetime, let's get some grub. patrick: no, spongebob, i'm afraid not. spongebob: well, i have a brand new bottle of superbubbly bubble soap.  patrick:  no, thanks again. spongebob: well, maybe later we can play pirates. patrick: robert, my dear, it's no use. we've just grown apart. spongebob: what. what do you mean. patrick: i know we've had fun in the past but we're just not compatible anymore. it's time we went our separate ways...such is life. spongebob:  but patrick... you're my best friend. patrick: i know it's hard but brace up chap. spongebob: yeah. patrick: maybe our paths will cross again someday. think fondly of me, mr. squarepants. spongebob: goodbye, mr... best friend.  sandy, you there. i need some professional help.  patrick. sandy: well, pat, the new you gets an a+. patrick: why, thank you, sandra. i find your intellect rather stimulating as well. sandy: oh, really. well, thanks.  well, patrick, what do you think about this problem. patrick:  you simply change the literal term to a coefficient and the minuend will achieve the desired quotient. even the simplest of mammals can figure it out with a little thought. sandy:  what do you mean by that, patrick. patrick: i'm merely suggesting you lack the ability to solve remedial equations. sandy: are you suggesting i'm dumb. patrick: i'd use a more sophisticated word like 'impaired'. sandy: i think you'd better leave. patrick: i was only trying to help.  sandy: i don't need your kind of help, mr. knowitall. i liked you better when you were a barnacle head. spongebob:  i never thought i'd lose my best friend. how can i compete with geniusness. ohhhhhh. patrick:  surrounded by knowledge and no one to share it with. no one i can call friend. who's that old chap i used to run with.  spongebob. spongebob:  well, at least patrick's my friend in my memories.  patrick: aww, the glory days, why have we grown apart. i must apply all that i know to solve this problem.  what could it be.  what's different. ah.  what.. i'd do anything to have my old buddy back by my side again. spongebob:  coming...  patrick, you're kidnapping me. patrick: yes, i am. spongebob: yay.  what should we do. patrick: we are going to have fun. whatever the cost may be. spongebob: let's do this. patrick: yes, let's have some fun. spongebob:  oh, yeah. patrick:  oh, absolutely.  are you quite sure i found this activity to be fun. spongebob: yeah.  that was fun, huh patrick. patrick:  when did the fun go away, spongebob. spongebob: it went away when you jumped off that cliff and knocked your head clean off. patrick: that's it.  spongebob: that's what. patrick, what are you doing. patrick: i'm going to duplicate my actions from that day to ascertain the origin of my head.  spongebob: patrick. hold on, buddy.  there ya go.  don't worry, patrick. i found your head last time, i'll find it again.  not back there.  not under here. what if i can't find it. oh, poor headless patrick.  patrick, your head is back. but, uhh, do you feel different. patrick: quite unchanged, actually. spongebob: i guess... we'll never have fun together again. patrick: you said you found my dislodged cranial cap last time. spongebob: yes. patrick: where exactly did you find it. spongebob: uhh, it was right here. patrick: hmmm, impossible. if i landed here, the trajectory of my dismembered skull would cause it to come to rest, not there, but here, exactly 5 meters due north. spongebob: but if that's your head, then what did i pick up over...  brain coral. no wonder you got so smart, buddy.  here you go, patrick, your old head. are you sure you want to give up being smart and sophisticated to be my friend again. patrick: knowledge can never replace friendship. i prefer to be an idiot. spongebob: not just an idiot, patrick. you're also my pal.  patrick. say something, patrick. patrick:  hi, spongebob. spongebob: patrick, you're back. patrick: patrick, you're back.  ) )