spongebob: you wanted to see me, sir. mr. krabs: pull up a seat boy.  spongebob: mr. krabs, there aren't any chairs. mr. krabs: sit, down.  now you've worked here for quite some time, boy. spongebob: ooh yes sir. and they've been the best years of my life, sir. mr. krabs: that said fact aside, midway through today's lunch rush, we ran out of, the secret ingredient  to the secret formula.  spongebob:  no. mr. krabs: listen up boy, any minute now, a truck driver is going to arrive, and i'm entrusting you to retrieve the secret ingredient. and i need you to do this with out any foulups. understand. spongebob: could you repeat that.  mr. krabs: it's time.  now go. and make sure to guard it with your life. spongebob: i won't let you down. mr. krabs: wait. spongebob: yes. mr. krabs: if something happens to that secret ingredient, don't bother coming back to work.  s.w.a.t. team member 1: you bobpants. spongebob: uh, spongebob. s.w.a.t. team member 1: close enough.  now get out of here kid. plenty of folks would love to get a hold of that ingredient. spongebob: yes sir.  and now, let's get you into the krabby patties, secret ingredienty.  where is it. where is it. where is it. no. what's going to happen to the krabby patty secret recipe.  what's this. a hole. how did that happen. an incision. almost as if someone, or something did this on purpose. that's it. a thief must have cut a hole, and swiped the secret ingredient. but who. mr. krabs: spongebob.  what are you doing lolly gagging about. get back to work. spongebob:  right away sir. mr. krabs: hop to it. there's a lot of hungry customers out there. spongebob: mr. krabs trusted me, and i let him down. patrick: hi, spongebob. spongebob: hi, patrick. maybe you can help me. patrick: with what. spongebob: with this.  patrick: here you go, buddy. spongebob: not that kind of help. this used to have the krabby patty secret ingredient inside. but now, it's missing. patrick: what. spongebob: someone stole it, patrick. and we need to find out who. patrick: find out. spongebob: you and i are going to need to do a little detective work.  plankton: what are we eating this time, karen. karen:  something new. plankton: oh, you mean the "secret recipe" i came up with. spongebob: aha. i knew it was you. plankton: what was me. spongebob: oh, come on, plankton, don't play dumb. you know you stole the secret krabby patty ingredient. plankton: is this a joke. spongebob: why don't you tell me. is it.. plankton: uh, no. patrick:  a good one. spongebob: all right, no more jokes. either you tell me where the secret ingredient is, or we'll be forced to use other means of making you talk.  plankton: sorry, i really have nothing for you. spongebob: then how do you explain this.  plankton: okay, you caught me. spongebob: and so the truth floweth forth. plankton: yes, it is a krabby patty. spongebob: mmhmm. plankton: but, it's my version of a krabby patty.  after thousands of failed attempts to steal the recipe, i learned all but one ingredient needed to make krabby patties. the most important ingredient, the secret ingredient. over the years, i've methodically gone through almost every letter of the alphabet. right now i'm on the r's. and i've gotten up to raw sewage. spongebob:  yuck. plankton: try it, tell me what you think.  spongebob: well, he's clean. but if plankton didn't steal the ingredient, who did. patrick: good question. spongebob: only someone who specializes in science, could reverse engineer the recipe, based on the secret ingredient. hmm, a scientist.  there she is.  you hang back. i'm going in for a closer look.  oh, my gosh. it is sandy.  enjoying them krabby patties lady. sandy: spongebob. how long have you been standing there buddy. spongebob: oh long enough, "buddy." sandy: i was just storing food for the impending winter. want one. spongebob: i'm onto you, squirrel.  you thought no one could figure it out, but i pieced it together. i know exactly how you got all those patties. sandy: what exactly are you getting at, spongebob. spongebob: what i am getting at, is that you...  ...cloaked yourself an invisibility potion, snuck through the security perimeter...  s.w.a.t. team member 2: what was that. s.w.a.t. team member 1: here's the secret krabby patty ingredient. spongebob: ...then used a timefreezing device to freeze time, used a laser beam to cut open the case, stole the krabby patty secret ingredient,  reverse engineered it, and made your own patties. so you wouldn't have to pay. sandy: or, perhaps i walked into the krusty krab, purchased them,  and received a receipt for these legally obtained patties. spongebob:  283 krabby patties.  that's right, i cooked this order. i guess this means you didn't use a laser beam, or invisibility. sandy: spongebob, next time before you run around accusing people of things, make sure your own house is in order first. spongebob: my own house, huh.  why'd you do it, gary.. gary:  meow. spongebob: you've told us that story 100 times now, gary. unfortunately, my partner and i don't want to hear stories, we want to hear the truth. look, we know you stole the secret ingredient and it's obvious how you did it.  first, you hitched a ride on a security chopper, then jumped into the drop zone. then, when i stopped to pull up my sock, you snuck up behind me, and did what any snail could do. you shot corrosive acid from your tearducts, which melted the case, allowing you to steal the secret ingredient.  gary:  meow. spongebob: yeah, you're right, gary, that is impossible. i never would have stopped to pull up my sock during a pickup. gary: meow. spongebob: what's that, gary. gary: meow. spongebob: you did see someone leaving the krusty krab with a mysterious black case that night. mr. snail, could you please describe this, this marauder to the sketch artist. gary: meow. meow. meow. meow. patrick: i can't believe it. it was squidward.  spongebob: open up in there, tentacles. we know you're in there. we just want to ask you a few...  not cooperating. patrick: you know what to do.  squidward: and one, and...  spongebob: gotcha. you thought you could hide your crimes. patrick: but we heared what you've done. squidward: if i cared, i'd ask what this is about. spongebob: well, i'm glad you asked, because this is about you stealing the krabby patty secret ingredient.  and we have an eye witness who saw you leaving the scene of the crime, with a mysterious black case. squidward: a case like this.  spongebob: yes. because you can't make krabby patties without...  tap dancing shoes. squidward: that's right. i was in a tap contest on the night in question. as you can see from my third place medallion. spongebob:  i guess this means you didn't steal the secret ingredient.  squidward: get out of my house.  spongebob: mr. krabs, i don't know how, sir, but somebody stole the krabby patty secret ingredient. mr. krabs: spongebob, you were in charge of guarding that secret ingredient with your life. spongebob: i know, mr. krabs. it just slipped away from me somehow. mr. krabs: well, do you have any leads, or clues. spongebob: all i know is that it had to be someone who knew about the delivery, and was at the krusty krab during the delivery, and this person would have to know what to do with the secret ingredient when he got it. mr. krabs: that would be... you, spongebob. you stole me secret ingredient. spongebob: me.. mr. krabs: that's right. and i know exactly how you carried out this little caper.  you obviously set up a decoy to take the delivery. then when no one was looking, you swooped in, stole the secret ingredient, and spirited it away to the chum bucket,  where you sold it to plankton to make a quick buck.  don't talk. you can tell it to the cops, 'cause i'm calling them right now.  policeman: no need. we heard it all from this barrel. mr. krabs:  then arrest this thief, officer.  spongebob: mr. krabs, isn't that the stolen secret ingredient. mr. krabs: uh, what are you talking about, spongebob. i'm not holding any secret ingredient.  policeman: you might want to stand that you stole the item in question. mr. krabs: well, i wouldn't call it stealing... policeman: and you were going to let someone else take the fall for this little caper. mr. krabs: i can explain. policeman: please do. mr. krabs: it's simple, $1.99 is a lot to pay for the secret ingredient every time i get a delivery, so i sssssssss... took it to avoid paying, you know. policeman: i think judge trout will be very interested to hear this little story.  mr. krabs: what. what'd i do.  judge: all rise. eugene krabs. mr. krabs: your honor. judge: as punishment for committing the crime of grand theft, i sentence you to give away krabby patties for free, all day tomorrow. mr. krabs: give away me patties for free. oh no, i couldn't bear the sight of that.  spongebob: step right up, and get your free krabby patties.  ) )