spongebob:  ahh, nothing quite like a relaxing stroll  deep  in jellyfish fields.  i'd know that sound anywhere. its a terrifying shriek. but wheres it coming from.  patrick, what is with all the shrieking. you know i walk here on tuesdays. patrick: sorry, spongebob. that wasnt me. spongebob: patrick, i know i heard a terrifying shriek. patrick: so did i, spongebob, but i was just mimicking it. spongebob:  so, you were mimicking it. patrick, please dont do that. it is really  spongebob: wait a minute, if the shriek wasnt coming from you, then where was itits over there, behind that kelp shrub.  spongebob: the terrifying shriek mustve come from this clam.  spongebob:  hey, patrick, i think theres something wrong with  spongebob: wwwhat are we gonna do. patrick: well, the last time i remember coughing like that, i was sitting at home eating a box of kelp jerky. spongebob: oh, and you were coughing because you got something stuck in your throat. patrick: i got the tv remote stuck in my throat. spongebob: patrick, this clam is choking. luckily, i come prepared.  there, there, clammy.  patrick: spongebob, what are you doing. spongebob: they like this. patrick: no. you always give a choking victim the slimelich maneuver, first. and if that doesnt work, you walk away and pretend like you never saw them before.  like this. ready, clam.  patrick: well, spongebob, i think i might go catch a movie. spongebob: hey, what about the clam. patrick: what clam. ive never seen that clam before in my life. spongebob: but if  spongebob: patrick, the clam had a baby. patrick: thats not a baby, spongebob. spongebob: well, then, what could it be. patrick: ill give you a hint: whats white, round, and comes out of clams. spongebob: their...eyes. patrick: no, silly. a volleyball. spongebob: a baby volleyball.  harold: i got it. ugh. spongebob: good idea coming here, patrick. patrick: thats my specialty. spongebob: having good ideas. patrick: no, being called patrick. spongebob: maybe we should do some stretches, first. patrick: good idea. spongebob: well, thats my specialty. patrick: having good ideas. spongebob: nope, doing some stretches, first.  clerk: yeahnoi dont know, the things a hundred years old, how should i know. yeah, alright, look, if you dont want it  uhhuhyeahwell seehuh, yeah. imimim still here.  spongebob: 138, 139, clerk: gentlemen. spongebob: hello. clerk: i couldnt help noticing what a lovely ball that is. spongebob: oh, really. clerk: yes. id sure like to get a closer look. spongebob: we dont mind, do we patrick. patrick: well, just dont take too long. we were just about to start playing with it. clerk: oh, it uhit wont take long at all.  ooh, its heavier than i imagined. and, uh, shinier, too. whered you find it. spongebob: we found it deep in jellyfish fields. clerk: really. what was it doing there. spongebob: choking a clam. clerk: well, umahemwhat would you say if i were to offer you a small fortune in exchange for your shiny ball. patrick: what do you mean, small fortune.  spongebob: whoa. how many more trucks do you think therell be, patrick. patrick: huh. oh, i dont know. i am getting kinda hungry, though. ill catch up with you later, spongebob.  spongebob: well, that looked like the last of them. patrick: the last of what. spongebob: oh, hey, patrick. patrick: so, did you figure out what youre gonna do with this fat stack of cabbage, yet. spongebob: yupi mean, nope. patrick: well, my dad always told me: when you have money, you need to do more than just spend it. you need to have a plan. spongebob: wow, your dad really told you that. patrick: well, what he said was, how many times do i have to tell you not to stand there. but i knew what he meant. spongebob: hey, patrick, i know a good place to go when you dont know what to buy. patrick: you do. spongebob: the mall.  both: whoo.  both: touchdown..  both: aw.  spongebob: patrick, whered you go.  spongebob: oh, there you are.  spongebob: patrick, that was the best shopping day ever. patrick: you can say that again. spongebob: best shopping day ever. patrick, i got an idea. patrick: really. spongebob: lets go shopping again. and this time, buy stuff.  spongebob: oh, wasnt that incredible, patrick. i mean, with all this money, we couldve bought anything in the whole world. patrick: yup. spongebob: so tell me, whatd you buy. patrick: a lifetime supply of strawberry gum. spongebob: hey, me, too. and to think we barely even put a dent in my fortune. narrator: the following thursday.  spongebob: two, please: one for me and one for my best friend, patrick. lou: i didnt really ask who they were for. spongebob: thanks.  there you go. lou: it was only fiftynine cents for the ice cream. spongebob: oh, thats okay. i kinda have more money than i know what to do with right now. lou: looks like my exwife was wrong. i am in the right line of work. bill: uh, tripleblueberry sundae, please. extra nuts. lou: sure. thats gonna be $2.98. bill: uhhey bert, you got like eight cents i can borrow. bert: yeah, let me checkno, i dont, bill, sorry. bill: you know, why is it i always have money when you need to borrow it. bert: well, i dont know what to sayi spongebob: are you gentlemen low on funds. let me help.  here you go. bill: whoa. uh, tthats okay, i just need eight cents. spongebob: thats okay, i already got my ice cream. see. bill: okay, umthanks. spongebob: sure thing. do you need some, too, bert. bert: okay. dale: excuse me, can i have some, too. spongebob: oh, you wanna buy some ice cream. dale: no, im allergic. but, ill be youre best friend. spongebob: its a deal. bill: hey, i think i can hang out with this guy for a while. bert: me, too. dale: me, too. lou: me, three.  patrick: ice cream.  butler: hmmyes. patrick: uhim here to see spongebob. butler: i know, you on the guest list, sir. patrick: well, i dont think so. normally, i butler: well, then, im afraid i cant let you in, sir. good day, sir. patrick: good day. uh, your shoes untied. butler: hmm, righto, it is.  thank you, sir. bert: and so, he was like, do you wanna buy some ice cream. ha ha, ice cream. can you imagine. bill: ha ha, yeah. ah, i love that story. patrick: uh, hey guys. have you seen spongebob around. bert: ehis that guy talking to us. bill: just dont move. or breathe. he might go away. patrick: spongebob. spongebob. nat peterson: hey, pal, watch it. i can buy and sell you. spongebob: and i said, go ahead, lets do it right now. i got too much hair, anyways.  patrick: spongebob. spongebob. spongebob: thats my name, dont wear it out. patrick: spongebob, i gotta tell you something i think you should know: your house is full of strangers. spongebob: oh, patrick, these arent strangers. these are 497 of my closest friends. right everybody.  that right.  spongebob: patrick, do you hear that. that is the sound of love. patrick: spongebob, if you keep throwing your money away like that, you wont have any left to mr. krabs: excuse me sir, is this man giving you trouble. patrick: spongebob. spongebob: like i was saying patrick: but mr. krabs: we dont want any trouble, now just keep moving. teenage fish: dude, how do you get in there. spongebob: and i told him, its not that i mind the macaroni, what i mind is mr. krabs: sorry about that, spongebob. wont happen again. spongebob: no matter, hes simply jealous of my glamorous new lifestyle. mr. krabs: say, that reminds mecan i have some money. spongebob: why certainly. i always remember to  oh, i forgot. i keep it in this other pocket.  uh, will you excuse me for a moment.  spongebob: noooooooooo.  well, everyone, i hope this doesnt put a damper on things, but i just checked and, well its just that all my money is  gone. mr. krabs: dont be late for work tomorrow, boy.  spongebob: hey, patrick. patrick: oh, hey spongebob. spongebob: whatcha doing. patrick: oh, the same thing us sea stars are usually doing, i guess. laying up against a rock. spongebob: patrick, i was wrong. patrick: about what. spongebob: the money, and about those people being my friends. patrick: there is no right or wrong when it comes to that stuff, spongebob. there just either is or there isnt. spongebob: patrick, if having a bunch of money makes me forget that forget that youre my best friend, then i dont want anymore money, ever again. patrick: well, why didnt you say so, buddy. ive been waiting for someone to go break in my new volleyball with. spongebob: you got another new volleyball. patrick: yup, i found it. spongebob: found it. where. patrick: inside the bikini bottom diamond mine. ) )