squilliam: thank you.  thank you.  ah.  music lover: isn't it grand. squidward: what is. music lover: he's such a great musician. he doesn't even have to touch an instrument to be brilliant.  squidward: alright, i've had enough.  bunch of nonsense. music school headmaster: why, here he comes now. music school headmistress:  it is him. squidward: huh. music school headmistress: aren't you the esteemed squilliam fancyson the third, who we all came here to see perform tonight. squidward: no, i am not, nor would i ever want to be. i am quite content being squidward q. tentacles. music school headmistress: oh, dear. well, that's too bad. squidward: why. music school headmistress: because i'm head matron at an esteemed musical college in town and thought if you were squilliam fancyson, i would offer you the highpaying and prestigious opportunity to come there and teach your very own music class. squidward: my very own music class. did you say "squilliam fancyson". music school headmistress: yes. squidward: i'm... squilliam fancyson. music school headmistress: but didn't you just say a minute ago that your name was squidward q. tentacles. squidward: it is... no, i mean, uh, no, no, i didn't. music school headmistress: well, that's a relief. i mean, what kind of a moron would go to their worst enemy's music recital. music school headmaster: a very pathetic one, that's whom.  squidward:  oh. music school headmistress: well, good evening, professor squilliam. squidward: who. ha, um, uh, and a good evening to you as well.  music school headmaster: hmm, music types. music school headmistress: ooh, they're so strange.  squidward:  good evening, students. now, our first... students: good evening, professor. squidward: as i was saying, our first...  squidward: yes. billy: aren't you gonna write your name on the board like most professors do. squidward: mymy name. what for. billy: well, you know, it just seems like teachers usually write their names on the board the first day of class. squidward:  why don't you come write your name on the board. we'll see how you like it. billy: okay.  squidward: there, now how does that feel, billy. billy: okay, ii guess. squidward: good. now, why don't you take your seat and stop poking your nose into other people's business..  now, if we can go for five minutes without having any further interruptions. i would like to... spongebob:  hey, look. it's squid...  squidward: squilliam, everybody, he was about to say "squilliam". patrick: oh, a, oh, actually, i think he was about to say squid...  squidward:  didn't you two nincompoops know. i have my name legally changed to squilliam fancyson. and you are to refer to me only as professor squilliam from now until the end of time. now blink twice so i know you understand.  okay, good.  hey, he blinked three times. spongebob: wow, only eight minutes in and we've already been given a math quiz. very advanced music class, huh, patrick. patrick: i'll say. squidward: would you two numb skulls mind telling me what you're doing in music class anyway. spongebob: sure. patrick's new year's resolution was to learn to play an instrument. squidward: you told me your resolution was to sign up for an all natural slimming, toning, and increased muscle mass program. patrick: it was. i traded with spongebob. spongebob: and i have been very happy with the results. see.  squidward: wow, those are impressive results.  squidward:  as you may not be aware, music is a...  music is a...  music is a complicated series of...  ...is a complicated series of notes that when played in the...  spongebob, do you mind.. there are other people here besides you, you know. and i don't think they appreciate you depriving them of my wisdom. spongebob:  i'm sorry, professor squilliam.  patrick here keeps tickling my foot. patrick: no way. he's making that up. it was him. squidward: you expect me to believe he was tickling himself. patrick: you better tell him, spongebob. spongebob: alright, it was me. squidward: you were tickling yourself. spongebob: mm hmm. squidward: how. spongebob: like this.  squidward: alright, that's enough.  squidward: there. now, as i was saying, music is a series of complex...  spongebob, i told you to stop tickling yourself. patrick: actually, that time, it really was me.  squidward: now, i'm going to put some notes on the chalkboard.  excuse me. is there something you'd like to share with the rest of the class. patrick: uhuh. squidward: go on, you've already interrupted once. you might as well tell us what was so very important. patrick: well, i was just saying that these lines you drew remind me of a railroad track. squidward: i have never heard anything more insipid, insane, uninteresting, or irrelevant. patrick: well, actually, there was a railroad convention in town last week, and i bought myself this nifty conductor's cap.  squidward: i have never seen a more ridiculous looking outfit on top of anybody's head, anywhere. patrick: well, i don't know. suits my needs. squidward: what else did you buy at this convention. your very own locomotive.  patrick: yes. squidward: ha. ha. ha. what the....  squidward: now, where were...  ...we.  squidward: this is what's known as a metronome. spongebob: hey, my mom has one of those in her garden. squidward: no, spongebob, that was a garden gnome. squidward:  anyway, the metronome helps us keep time.  spongebob and patrick: tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick... squidward: do you mind.  is there something seriously wrong with your heads.. spongebob: my whole life has been pointed in one direction. patrick: i see that now. there's never been any choice for me. squidward: will you two nincompoops cut it out.. or am i gonna...  bikini bottom news reporter: hello. we're with the local bikini bottom news channel. i'm a reporter.  we're here to conduct an interview with the esteemed musical genius squilliam fancyson.  squidward: please ignore them. bikini bottom news reporter: are those students of yours. squidward: nope, they're just morons. come on, you two, snap out of it. bikini bottom news reporter: they appear to be in some type of trance. a case of genuine hypnosis like this make a much hotter scoop. squidward: hotter. scoop.. bikini bottom news reporter: well, it's the sort of thing that borders the paranormal. our viewers just eat that stuff up. squidward: paranormal.. the only thing paranormal around here is how fast i'm going to make you two disappear..  bikini bottom news reporter: don't blame me, blame the market.  spongebob: wha.... where am i. i felt like i was in some sort of horrible trance.  squidward: you wanna know what happened. spongebob and patrick: okay. squidward: you once again managed to singlehandedly annihilate what might be the one and only chance i may ever get to sew just one tiny seed of creative hope into the culturally barren wasteland that each and every one of us is forced to call home. blue fish: actually, i've been commuting from upstate. squidward: now, i don't suppose you two have anything to say for yourselves. spongebob: well, i guess if i was to say one thing, it would have to be: we're sorry, squidward.  patrick: yeah, we're sorry, squidward. squidward: no, no, no, no, no. shh shh shh... blue fish: hey, did those guys just call you squidward. squidward: no, no, no, no, no. they said "squilliam". gray fish: oh. i knew this guy was phoney from minute one. i'm gettin' outta here. blue fish: yeah, me too. i'm gonna get my tuition back. squidward: no. wait.  no. you're not going anywhere.  squidward: whawhat's going on here. aquacolored police: sorry, professor, your little symphony is over.  music school headmistress: it's true, we're onto your little ruse.  bikini bottom news reporter: what a hot scoop. music school headmistress: the real squilliam, as we all know, has a large, bushy unibrow just at the base of his forehead.  squidward: but...  green police fish: no unibrow. squidward q. tentacles, i'm placing you under arrest for impersonating a genius.  spongebob and patrick: tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick... ) )