narrator: the first day of spring in bikini bottom. the flowers are blooming, the rainbows are... how you say. bowing. the jellyfish are buzzing,  and it's time for the traditional... spongebob: spring cleaning. guess what time of year it is, gary. gary: meow.  spongebob: thanks for your help, gar. gary: meow. patrick: hey, spongebob. spongebob: hi, patrick. how's your spring cleaning going. patrick: it's spring cleaning day.. why didn't anyone tell me..  patrick: found it. thanks for the reminder, spongebob.  see ya again next spring.  whatcha got in your trash can. huh. you're throwing this away.. the wrapper of the gum i gave you yesterday.. spongebob: oh, yeah. patrick: oh. some people just don't understand sentimental value.  you're throwing away pete.. yyou can't part with a keepsake. that's why you keep them, for pete's sake. hmph. why, i'm disgusted. it's time you reevaluate your priorities. spongebob: hmm. maybe patrick is right. all of these things do hold precious memories.  no.  come on, you.  gotcha. welcome home, precious memories.  plastic wrap is neat, huh, gary. gary: meow.  spongebob:  order up. careful with these ones, squidward. they're special. squidward: oh, dear me. i know. i hope i never forget this moment. spongebob: you're right. i'm going to need something to preserve the memory. spongebob: oh, perfect.  ah, memories. greasy memories. spongebob: whoowee. nothing like a hard day of work at the krusty krab, eh, squidward. whew.  squidward: you're sentimental about your sweat. spongebob: oh, that's not all. and i'm also very sentimental about these krusty krab keepsakes, so many memories. grill grease, gum from under the krusty krab tables, today's mop water, bendy straws, mayonnaise, a collection of freshly used ketchup packets, and these are today's order tickets written by my favorite fellow employee, squidward. see. this one has your tentacle print on it. squidward: ok, this is getting creepy now. spongebob: oh, well, better get these precious memories home. squidward: officially creeped out now. spongebob: .memories, doo doo doo memories, doo doo doo doo memories..  hey, gary.  oh. safe and sound.  whoo, closed up tight. and you said it wouldn't fit.  gary: meow, meow, meow. spongebob: oh, nonsense, gary, i'll find a place to put everything.  spongebob: like the front yard.  spongebob: who is it.  squidward: it's squidward. spongebob: how do i know it's you. squidward: open the door, nitwit. spongebob: oh, hi, squidward, can i help you. squidward: you can certainly help...  why are you wearing garbage. spongebob: thanks for noticing, squidward, and may i say that's a very becoming dress you're wearing this morning. squidward: dress. it is not a dress, it's a nightshirt. if you don't get rid of this trash, i'm calling the sanitation police. spongebob: ah, not the sanitation police. you don't understand, these things aren't junk. they're my friends, like this little guy,  alfred the light bulb. oh, we had a great time together, al, reading, paying the bills. why is it the ones who glow brightest burn out the soonest..  you will be missed. squidward: touching. still creepy, but touching. time to make a phone call.  cop 1: sanitation police. this is a raid. step away from the refuse. squidward: thank goodness you're here, officer. cop: is this your filthy home. squidward: no, it's not my home. it belongs to that filthy little dirtbag. spongebob: hi. cop 1: thanks for the information, citizen. cop 2:  hmph, snitch. cop 1: do your duty, sergeant. cop 2:  cop 1: this residence is now comdemned. spongebob: condemned. what does that mean. cop 1: condemned means this house is unfit to live in. you'll have to vacate the home immediately. spongebob: vacate. you mean i have to move. cop 1: anything that is a threat to public health must be condemned. sargeant. cop 2:  squidward: thank you again, officers. spongebob: wait. please don't condemn my house. squidward: sorry, spongebob, the law is the law. we can't just pick and choose which ones we follow. cop 1: i'll request a commendation for you. squidward: really. cop 1: right after we condemn your house. squidward: my house.. cop 1: yes. it's as filthy as your neighbor's.  spongebob:: but isn't there anything we can do. cop 1: you can evacuate the premises or throw away your junk. spongebob: throw them away. cop 1: thank you for the attempt, ma'am. squidward: ma'am. it's a nightshirt.  this is all your fault. you have to get rid of your junk right now. spongebob: i know.  i'm gonna miss them so much.  squidward: you really miss them. spongebob: no. i'll be strong.  squidward: well, maybe you can take photos of all your junk... uh, friends before you toss them away. spongebob: that's a great idea, squidward. then years from now, i can look at the photos, and remember my... remember my precious little babies. squidward: creepy.  squidward:  oh, good grief.   spongebob: your pay, my good man.  spongebob:  goodbye, little friends. have fun at the dump.  squidward: well, now that you completely ruined my day, once again, i'm going back to bed. spongebob: alright, nightynight. squidward: idiot.  what the..... spongebob, why is my house filled with photos of your dumb junk. spongebob: oh, i forgot to tell you, i took so many pictures i ran out of room in my house.  patrick: nice dress. squidward:  it's a nightshirt.. ) )