narrator: shady shoals, mild mannered rest home and secret headquarters of mermaid man master of maritime justice and defender of bikini bottom. mermaid man: semiretired. narrator: and his faithful ward, barnacle boy. mermaid man: who. barnacle boy: hello. narrator: today we find this duo of dynamism engaged in their favorite pastime, watching tv.  narrator: but wait, what's this. why, it's mermaid man and barnacle boy's biggest fans. spongebob squarepants and patrick star. spongebob: don't they look peaceful. patrick: yeah...wake up. mermaid man and barnacle boy: ahhhh. mermaid man: i'll deal with these super villains with my trusty mermerang. barnacle boy: hey. those aren't super villains.  spongebob: hi mermai...  umph. i can't believe mermaid man hit me with his mermerang... it's so awesome. patrick: wow.  can you beat me up next. mermaid man: keep on your guard barnacle boy. they're getting ready for another attack. barnacle boy: those aren't super villains. it's just that kid, uh, spongebob and his goofy friend. hey kid, can you give us our mermerang back. we only got the one. spongebob: oh, sure thing.  barnacle boy: oh don't throw...  spongebob: hey, it came back. barnacle boy: ya, it does that. spongebob: i'll try again. barnacle boy: no. ahhh. umph. oh.  barnacle boy: look i'll just come and get...  barnacle boy: what is wrong with you.  mermaid man: nice shot. patrick: wow. that mermerang really likes you. spongebob: i know. mermaid man: now just hand me the mermerang son.  spongebob:  i've got it.  spongebob and patrick: runnaway mermerang.  mermaid man and barnacle boy: ahhhhh.  spongebob: hi... how ya feeling. barnacle boy: would you get off of me.. spongebob: okay. barnacle boy: umph. what are you two doing here anyway.. spongebob: oh. i almost forgot.  spongebob: i brought you flowers. since you two are feeling so poorly. patrick: you never brought me flowers. spongebob: patrick, go home and check your mailbox. patrick: really.  mermaid man: the mermaphone.  mermaid man here.  mermaid man here. ah. commissioner. what can i do for you. commissioner:  bla bla bla, bla bla bla bla bla. mermaid man: you can count on mermaid man commissioner. it's for you.  barnacle boy: barnacle boy here. commissioner:  bla bla bla, bla bla bla. barnacle boy: yes but... commissioner: bla bla bla bla. barnacle boy: yes, yes commissioner... but, uh.  barnacle boy: the police commissioner needs us to be celebrity contestants at the bikini bottom shuffle boarding competition. but there's no way we can do it in this condition. mermaid man: what kind of quitter talk is that.. we're super heroes. we're going to that shuffle boarding competition, or my name isn't...  owww. you're right barnacle boy, if only there was someone to take our place. spongebob:  mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm... patrick and i can do it mermaid man... barnacle boy: what.. why should we trust you two.. spongebob: because, we're card carrying members of the mermaid man and barnacle boy fan club. barnacle boy: so. spongebob: we're also, certified mermaid man and barnacle boy impersonators. patrick: certified. mermaid man: you can't argue with certification. barnacle boy: ohhhh... all right. i suppose they can't do too much damage. it's just shuffle boarding... umph.  spongebob and patrick: yay. we're going to be heroes. we're going to be heroes. patrick: yay. barnacle boy: would you cut it out.. patrick:  heroes. heroes. hero...  ...oes. barnacle boy: now listen up. here, take these rings.  spongebob and patrick: ohhhhhhhhhhh. barnacle boy: and when you touch 'em together, you will be instantly transformed into our duplicates. spongebob and patrick:  mermaid man and barnacle boy, unite.  spongebob:  we're ready. man bob. patrick: and pat boy. spongebob and patrick: reporting for duty. barnacle boy: when you're through with shuffle boarding, you are to bring those costumes right back here. and don't do anything else. don't go home first, don't show your friends, just come right back here. you got it.. spongebob: got it. patrick: got what. barnacle boy: this'll never work. mermaid man: what will never work.  spongebob and patrick: shuffle boarding, shuffle boarding, shuffle boarding ya/ woohoo.  spongebob: shuffle boarding is exciting, huh patrick. patrick: well duh. spongebob: what's your favorite thing about shuffle boarding. patrick: everything. it's even fun just to say the word. sheeuffleboarde. spongebob: shueeuueeuffleleleboard.  it is fun. patrick: we are seriously going to kick some elderly buns today. huh spongebob.  spongebob: wha. patrick:  out of the way gramps. that's my trophy old lady.  it's going to be and action packed thrill ride of geriatric proportions. and the best part is, there is no way we can lose with these costumes on. spongebob: we already won the tournament. patrick: oh... ya, i forgot.  well how come i didn't get a trophy.. spongebob: you did, it's in your back pocket. patrick:  oh ya, i forgot. well let's go do something else. spongebob: okay.  barnacle boy: you are to bring those costumes right back here. don't do anything else. spongebob: ohhh. patrick. stop. we can't. we have to get the costumes back. patrick: for neptune's sake spongebob, if we're not going to go around town pretending to be mermaid man and barnacle boy, then who is.. spongebob: nobody. patrick: exactly. and with no one patrolling the town, who's gonna stop those youngsters from loitering.  spongebob: their mommies. patrick: no. we are. let's take 'em to the slammer. spongebob: patrick. don't you think that's too harsh. patrick: too harsh.  explain. bikini bottom prison guard:  mermaid man and barnacle boy. what are you doing here. ohhh.  spongebob:  wasting a krabby patty.. how could you.. bikini bottom prison guard:  i'm full.  spongebob: well maybe somebody should have thought about that before they ponied up for the world's greatest patty. mr. jail warden. spongebob: you're right patboy. this town needs us.  patrick: you're chewing too loud.  spongebob: your shoe's untied.  patrick: you're too old.  spongebob: oh, i think we've done our work patrick. now, let's return these costumes.  spongebob: uuhhhhhh. that's the evil man ray.  spongebob: what diabolical plan could he be up to.. mable: why hello ray. man ray: mable. i haven't seen you since high school. spongebob: look at him patrick. plotting with his evil minion. mable: say, could i borrow some of your detergent. man ray: why certainly. anything for the gal i went to the prom with. spongebob: i'll bet he's handing off some secret weapon. time to crash this party. mable: you haven't aged a day ray. man ray: nor you.  spongebob: hello man ray. who's your friend. man ray: hey, mermaid man and barnacle boy. i'd like you to meet mable. mable: any friend of ray's is a friend of mine. spongebob: alright mable, that's enough chitchat. now are you gonna come quietly, or will we have to take you to jail by force..  spongebob: playing dumb ay. patrick: you handle man ray, i'll take care of his lackey.  man ray: mable.. spongebob: hiiiiiiiya. eat dryer sheets man ray. man ray: ahhhh. grrrrrr... you. it's on now. filthy shorts attack.  spongebob: whooooaaaaa. man ray: clothes basket bombardment.  patrick: ohhhh. man ray: surrender. mermaid man.  ow. that's it. time for the spin cycle.  spongebob:  not so fast man ray.  man ray: wha. spongebob: you're all wet, you need to dry out.  man ray: noooo. my head is dry clean only.  man ray:  but i didn't do anything. spongebob: just keep moving. patrick: you too missy.  spongebob: well, our work is done here.  at the hospital mermaid man: good job boys. you won the tournament and returned the costumes.  mermaid man: thanks again boys. spongebob: just doing our mermaduty. patrick:  and then some. spongebob:  and then some.  that's a good one. mermaid man: goodbye young men. oh look. we have more visitors.  mermaid man: looking good man ray.  barnacle boy: faster you ol coot. spongebob:  they have so many fans.  ) )