patrick:  no, no.  yay.  nerd: well, if only inaudible lad were here right now. patrick: oh.  nothing satisfies like a good story. spongebob:  are ya ready to go, patrick. patrick:  get back, i wasn't going to eat all of you. spongebob: patrick, it's me. patrick: sponge spongebob: ew, what's this. patrick:  well, whatever it is, it's mine. unless i don't want it.  spongebob, what do all these words say. spongebob: it's an ad.  dear comic book reader. patrick: that's me. spongebob:  have you ever thought about turning one of your poems into a hit song on the radio. patrick: i never thought about anything. spongebob:  send in your poem and $100 and we'll make it a hit.  can we go now. my arms are getting tired. patrick: i want to send in a poem, and everyone would love it, and i would be a star. spongebob: you can't always trust ads in comic books. those xray specs i ordered couldn't see through people's skin at all.  only their clothes. plus, you don't have $100.  patrick, could you get my wallet.  patrick: hey, look.  i just found $100. it's a sign that i should make my hit record. spongebob: hey, that's my comic book money. patrick:  it's a sign. a sign that fell from the back of your pants. i've learned to trust signs like that.  spongebob: patrick.  comic book store clerk: hey, you going to pay for those comics.  spongebob: no.  ow. can i have my arms back.  patrick: i wish not to be disturbed, spongebob, for i am about to erupt with a masterpiece.  spongebob: good luck.  coming patrick: spongebob, could i borrow a pencil and some paper and a place to work.  patrick:  spongebob. this pencil is broken. why won't it make words. spongebob: you have to think of the words yourself.  patrick: i think i wrote a poem once.  young patrick: a poem, by patrick star. roses are blue, violets are red, i have to go to the bathroom.  gym teacher: how many times do i gotta tell ya, this is gym class.  patrick:  ohh, dodgeballs. spongebob:  oh, patrick. patrick:  don't hit me with a dodgeball.  gary: meow. spongebob: why would i hit you with a dodgeball. patrick: i've never told anyone this, i wrote a poem once. spongebob:  no. patrick: wait. there's more. when i read it to the class, they pelted me with dodgeballs. just because we were playing dodgeball.  whyyyyyy..  spongebob:  you can play your records later, gary. patrick, is that why you've been having trouble writing. patrick: i'm worried my poem's not gonna be any good and you're going to hit me with dodgeballs. spongebob: oh, i don't even own a dodgeball. do you, gary. gary:  meow. patrick: if you're serious, i can do this. i'm even gonna use my brain. spongebob: that's the spirit, patrick. i'll open a window.  patrick:  come on, you stupid brain. work.  it's working.  spongebob:  patrick, don't strain yourself.  squidward: now, what's going on.  what is that horrible smell.  is patrick thinking again. patrick: i'm making art. squidward: patrick, it smells like something crawled in your brain and died. patrick: that's the creative process at work.  ready to go to the post office.  i need to mail in my masterpiece. narrator: the next day lead singer: .and that's why you're my cookiewookie teddy bear.. guitarist #1: i hate my life. keyboardist: i hate your life, too, dude. band manager: people. we have 17 more songs to finish this hour. next up is: "i wrote this" by patrick star.  yick.  guitarist #2: this one's really bad. it made my eyeballs throw up. guitarist #1: oh yeah.  band manager: i don't care how awful his poem is. we spent his 100 bucks already. guitarist #1: come on, guys. we're going to do this if it kills us. a 1, a 2 and a charlie:  they wanted you to have this. patrick: my song. ahh...  spongebob: come on, let's hear it. patrick: um, i don't know. you're not gonna throw dodgeballs at me. spongebob: i don't see any dodgeballs here buddy. just an artist and his work. patrick: yeah. and me too. now sit down and get comfortable. spongebob:  uh, patrick. patrick:  spongebob squarepants. are you ready to rock.. whooo.  spongebob:  it's really loud. patrick: you need it louder. okay. lead singer:  .twinkle, twinkle, patrick star. i made myself a sandwich. my mommy named it fred. it tastes like beans and bacon. and smells like it's been dead. writing stuff is hard so i use a pointy pencil. pointy, pointy, pointy, pointy, pointy, point. peeyew, what's that horrible smell singer: drum solo.  lead singer: .i have a head, it ends in a point. pointy, pointy, pointy, pointy, pointy, point..  .this song is over, except for this line, you win this round, broccoli..  patrick: that was awesome. did you like it or did you really, really like it. give me your completely honest opinion of how great it was. spongebob:  oh...hmm... how do i put this delicatelythat was the best song i ever heard. patrick: do you really think so. spongebob: we need to get that song on the radio. patrick: then let's go right now, come on.  spongebob: darn, i just got that arm back.  patrick: i can't wait to see look on their face once they hear this.  spongebob: did you see the look on his face. patrick: yeah. did you see his ears. spongebob: i didn't know they could turn inside out like that. now, how are we going to get your record on the radio. patrick: what record.  spongebob: i got an idea.  we just have to play your record from the top of this antenna. patrick: carry me. spongebob: huh. patrick patrick: tally ho. mush. onward and upward.  faster, spongebob. faster.  oh. hmmthis record won't stay put. spongebob:  patrick: good idea.  spongebob:   patrick: oh, yeah. i forgot.  lead singer: .twinkle, twinkle, patrick star. ralph:  lead singer: .i made myself a sandwich, my mommy named it fred. billy:  it's in my head.  lead singer: .it tastes like beans and bacon, and smells like it's been dead,.  .writing stuff is hard so i use a pointy pencil.  frank: lucky. lead singer: .pointy, pointy, pointy, pointy, pointy, point. harold:  this song always makes me think of you. lead singer: .peeyew, what's that horrible smell singer: drum solo.  billy: stop. lead singer: .i have a head, it ends in a point. fish:  my ears.  lead singer: .pointy, pointy, pointy, pointy, pointy, point.  .this song is over, except for this line. old man jenkins: i like it.  lead singer: .you win this round, broccoli..  spongebob: well, it looks like bikini bottom is throwing a party. and you know what a party needs. patrick: uh, bean dip. spongebob: yes, that is important. but i was thinking about music. turn it up, patrick.  lead singer: .it tastes like beans and bacon. fred:  where is that awful song coming from. lead singer: .and it smells like it's been dead. fred:  to the radio station.  lou: torches. get your torches.  harold: pitchforks. you can't be an angry mob without pitchforks. peterson: cotton candy. get your cotton candy. can't throw a riot without cotton candy.  lead singer: .i have a head that ends in a point. spongebob: look at that, patrick.  patrick: oh, you mean the angry mob with the pitchforks and torches. spongebob:  that's not an angry mob, patrick. it's your fan club. patrick: fan club.  yeewhoo. we should sing them a song. fred: who's responsible for that song on the radio.  spongebob: why, he's right here. patrick star, musical genius.  fred: let's get 'em, boys.  patrick: and that was my new song called, "ay..." fred: you know, it's not that bad. jimmy: yeah. at least it got that first terrible song out of our heads. patrick: oh, yeah. my song.  oh, twinkle, twinkle, patrick star gym teacher: patrick. looks like you need another lesson. dodgeballs ready.  patrick: uhoh.  ) )