spongebob: .ooooooooooooooooohhhwohwoooh, how much chum could a sea slug chug if a sea slug could chug....  mr. krabs, you gotta get out here. it's a code blue situation. mr. krabs: please deposit 25 cents to continue this call. spongebob: sure thing, mr. k.  mr. krabs, you gotta get out here. it's a code blue situation. mr. krabs: code blue..  what's the matter boy. spongebob: i think plankton wants to destroy our way of life. mr. krabs: man alive.  he's taking us down. plankton:  get ready krabs,  for the surprise of your life. mr. krabs: brace yourself.  huh.  plankton's destroying the chum bucket. heh, heh, i guess he's finally given up on the restaurant business. couldn't take the competition.  what is that.  plankton: greetings, citizens of bikini bottom. behold my imperial chum coliseum.  i vow to introduce to this fair city, culture, in the form of hand to hand grappling.  i intend to enrich your lives culturally, by exhibiting the moist spectacle of gladiators in mortal conflict.  my corporate underwriters told me to mention that it's free.  come one. come all. remember, kids love gladiators. debbie: wow, reallife conflict, for free. nathiel: let the horror show begin.  plankton:  oh, karen, even though you're just a frigid machine, your circuits must be welling up with emotion at my latest achievement. karen: oh, yes, my resisters are simply gushing from their copper foil traces. plankton: this will prove to be my greatest evil scheme ever. karen: that's what you said when you tried to boil krabs in a giant bisque plankton: i can still feel the burns, which is why i removed all molten liquid from this maneuver. and it's why this time, i will be the one with all the customers. and krabs will be the pathetic one, in an empty restaurant, stuck with a computer for a wife.  uh, sorry, honey. spongebob: wow, looks like plankton finally has some customers. mr. krabs: i agree, it's very suspicious. and he may have lured a few of our fairweather customers in with some cheap entertainment, but our loyal customers, know quality when they taste it. so let's get in there, and serve 'em up a burger they tell their grandguppies about.  where's all my loyal customers. squidward: they've all taken their grandguppies to see the guts and gore across the street. mr. krabs: that lower life form can slender my name, and desecrate me mother's grave, mama krabs: i'm right here. mr. krabs: .....but when he steals me customers, then i push back. gentlemen, to the coliseum.  this reeks of evil. and i'm going to sniff out the source.  plankton: welcome one and all, to the first biannual big arena of annihilation.  spongebob: whoo. plankton: brought to you by yours truly. so without further ado, let the mauling begin.  scooter: all right. spongebob: yay.  whoo. isn't this a boat load of fun, squidward. i can't wait to see the poor sucker who has to go against that beast. squidward: you call this fun. this is just cheap uncultured lay sport. plankton: now, release the opponent. spongebob: yes.  patrick. how could they. this is horrible.  squidward: this is fabulous.  plankton: enough dillydallying. send out the blood sausages.  patrick: all right.  plankton: that pink dimwit doesn't stand a chance with those sausages around his throat. as soon as the smell of sausage hits that ravenous lionfish's nostrils, he'll be all over patrick like mold on a shower curtain. sally: rip his sausages off. patrick: ohh. nice kitty.  here, kitty. want a sausage. a nice, delicious, tasty...... sausage.  spawn of a gefilte fish.  spongebob:  i can't sit here and watch this. that's my best friend out there.  patrick. patrick: what. oh, oh it's you. hey, how's it going buddy. spongebob: no time for chit chat, get in.  hurry up nelly. nat: boo. mama krabs: boring.  i want to see some body parts. mr. krabs: mom. plankton: this is ridiculous. i order a simple brutal mauling for my denizens, and i get a circus act. time for phase 2.  chum on a stick. get your fresh chum right here. some chum for you miss. sadie: well, all this waiting around for someone to get mauled is making me a bit hungry. plankton: here, take this one. it's fresh and warm, like my hospitality. sadie: why thank you. plankton: just ten dollars please. sadie: ten dollars. why would i pay ten dollars, when i can go across the street and get a krabby patty for one dollar. mr. krabs: exactly. plankton: you don't get this kind of entertainment with a krabby patty, do you. sadie: no, i suppose not. plankton: ten dollars, or the fight's off. sadie: ah, fine, whatever. plankton: here you are. i'm sure i've made a satisfied customer of you all ready.  sadie: that was appalling. what was in that. plankton: oh, just the usual ingredients. some jellyfish squeezings, whale blubber, sea horse snout, and a sprinkle of anchor rust.  sadie:  oh barnacles. that's foul.  plankton: now, i've been waiting for 20 years to have the amount of customers krabs sees everyday. and i won't let that be ruined because the show's "boring", or the food's "inedible." so sit down, enjoy the show and buy some chum.  spongebob: what do we do now patrick. patrick: don't worry, i'm all ready doing it.  spongebob: no.  patrick, now is not the time for eating, now is the time to avoid being eaten by that giant... huh.  that's it patrick. he's not chasing us, he's chasing those tasty, tender, delicious, succulent sausages around your neck.  plankton: chum on a stick. get your chum.  what the.  oh great. now how am i going to entertain the masses.  hey watch where you're...  oh dear.  phew. good thing i thought ahead, with that escape door. try and catch me now, you prissy feline.  no. nice kitty. want some chum.  mr. krabs: you know i'm not one to give out comments likely, i've gotta hand it to you boy,  if you didn't throw those sausages into the audience, we would have been dead meat. spongebob: my pleasure captain. patrick: yeah, thanks buddy. you really saved my behind. no joke.  mr. krabs: i think that it's safe to say, that no matter how diabolical plankton's plans may be, he'll never have the loyalty, of me good customers. scooter: one krabby patty, please. mr. krabs: but of course, my good customer. that'll be ten dollars. scooter: ten dollars. what happened to one dollar. mr. krabs: ahem, perhaps you'd like to speak to our financial expert.  scooter:  stupid inflation. mr. krabs: thanks for your business.  ) )