spongebob: wow. another mermaid man reboot. it's how i always reimagined the reboot would be remade,  spongebob:  oh, cold knees.  salesfish: well you see you got cold knees, icy joints like  patellas. what you need is a pair of longpants. spongebob: longpants.  well, i don't think i'm ready for looong pants. salesfish: nonsense, no fellers you walk around with shiver shins.  give yourself something to leg up  join the trouser troupe.  don't be a slacker, wear slacks. spongebob: uh..well..i don't...uhhh...okay.  how do i look. salesfish:  excuse me sir, i was just talking to a little baby schoolboy a second ago, about yay high and...  it's you. i didn't recognize you with your mature, grownup longpants. spongebob: you're pulling my leg, sir, i don't look like a man. do i. patrick: hey man. spongebob:  he called me a man. and my knees are a perfect 72 degrees.  salesfish:  krustomers:  customer's son: is that my daddy. customer's mother: i wish.  mr. krabs: uhh, excuse me sir, that door is for employees only, ohh. it's spongebob.  there's something different about you today. you seem more, able bodied. spongebob: yah, it must be the long pants.  mr. krabs: so they are. you'll run the register today.  into the galley with you mr. squidward, and start cooking. squidward: but mr. krabs. why.  mr. krabs: well, look, spongebob's got longpants on and you've got.. none.  squidward:  spongebob: ohh. i could get used to this job. hey squidward what's on sale this week. squidward: nothing, there is never a sale. spongebob:  squidward, how much is the senior discount. squidward: there's no senior discount.  spongebob: squidward. squidward:  what.. spongebob: what do i do when the register is $2000 dollars short. mr. krabs: whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.alright, alright, that's enough.  i see it was a mistake to put you behind the register. your just looking to good for such a simple meaning of work. squidward:  mr. krabs: you should be the maitre' d. greeting customers when they come in. charming the pants off of everyone with your longpants. spongebob:  okay.  how is that patty treating you sir.  blue customer: you're an angel. spongebob: no, merely a man, a man in longpants.  oh, my precious longpants. mr. krabs: what's wrong, slick. your not having trouble with your pants, are ye. spongebob: nothing like that, mr. krabs. i just don't think i'm maitre' d material. mr. krabs: yeah, you're right, you're too good for this place.  spongebob: as much as i hate to admit it, i've outgrown the krusty krab. time for me to move on.  squidward: where's he going. mr. krabs: a place called... manhood.  nancy suzy fish: doris, i insist.  doris: don't be silly. spongebob: allow me ladies, i should pay, after all, i am a man, and i'm wearing... nancy suzy fish: what an inseam. doris: and those pleats were pretty easy on the eyes. spongebob:  ah. shrimp. oh, dry cleaning, and one hour.  dave: uh, ticket please. spongebob: has it all ready been one hour. one more time.  huh.  driving instructor: congratulations, you passed your driving test. mable jenkins/lobster: wahoo. spongebob: you know, i've never took the drivers test with long pants. i'll do it. alternate universe spongebob: there goes a real man.  driving instructor: let's try parallel parking.  now take it slow. a little faster..  spongebob: hey, i think i'm getting the hang of this.  driving instructor: i was gonna fail you, and send you to jail, but because of those longpants, and all the blood rushing to my head, you passed.  spongebob: i finally got my drivers license. mrs. puff:  lock your doors, barr your windows, it's the end of the world.  spongebob: help wanted. now this seems like a longpants establishment.   today's special is a most amusing indian ocean seagrass, handpicked by indigenous prawns, prechewed by local manatees, and smothered in a rich, red algae. fancy fish: extraordinary. and may i add that those are very impressive breeches you are wearing. spongebob: breeches.  oh, oh, these old things. fancy fish: what is your name. spongebob: spongebob. fancy. employee:  spongebob: 'oh,  spongerobert. fancy fish: well, spongerobert, how would you like to join us. we're going to a party. spongebob: boy, would i. i love parties.   fancy fish: what are you looking for, spongerobert. spongebob: i'm looking for the party. fancy fish: this is the party. spongebob:  well, were's all the party hats, where's the cake, and the clown. you can't have a party without a clown. fancy fish:  oh, spongerobert, if it weren't for your pants, i'd take you for the type of immature ignaramus that would frequent the krusty krab. spongebob: wait, what's that.  the mermaidman and barnacleboy movie is opening tonight. wow. i totally forgot.  hey guys, i got an idea. let's all go to the mermaidman movie. fancy fish:  you're incorrigible. but le cinema is a delightful idea. there is a foreign film at the arthouse i've been meaning to see. it's called, "the table."  spongebob: i don't get it. we have been staring at this table for three hours. that table could use a cleaning. squidward: shh. some people are trying to enjoy le cinema. spongebob: oh. hey squidward. hey, do you understand what this movie is about. squidward: nobody does, it's art, now sit down. spongebob: hey squidward. squidward: what.. spongebob: are you remembering to flip the patties clockwise, it's very important because.. squidward:  please sit down.  movie theater attendant: i'm sorry sir, you're being too loud. i am going to have to ask you to leave. squidward:  spongebob: but wait, squidward, i'll walk you out.  squidward. sandy: hey spongebob, y'all going to see the mermaidman movie with us. fancy fish: spongerobert. yoohoo. are you coming. we're going to drink some more coffee and watch the nightly news. sandy: wow, that sounds pretty grown up, spongerobert.  spongebob: my pants say yes, yes, yes, but my heart says no. i want to see the mermaidman movie. fancy fish:  now you really sound like one of those nitwits that frequents the krusty krab. spongebob: not only am i one of those nitwits, i actually work there.  fancy fish: ahh. a peasant in longpants. pink fancy fish: socialclimbing sponge. blue fancy fish: poser. fancy fish: let's leave this bottomfeeder. sandy: thataboy. i got you a ticket just in case. spongebob:  really.  ticketman: i'm sorry, you can't come in. this movie is too silly for a cultivated gentleman of your pant length. house rules.  spongebob: what. rated for those in kneehighs only. doh. i hate these pants.   get off.  oh., now i know i'm an adult because i've been ripped off by these defective pants.  mr. krabs: what's goin' on. how pathetic, a man, in longpants, crying. spongebob:  mr. krabs, why aren't you watching the movie. mr. krabs: how can i watch the movie with all this blubbering going on out here. spongebob:  oh, mr. krabs, i'm not ready for long pants, i want my short pants back, but i can't because these are stuck on me. mr. krabs: oh, for pete's sake.  sorry 'bout the legs boyo. spongebob:  it's okay. i'm a sponge, remember.  mr. krabs:  well, good. now, i want you back on the grill tomorrow morning. and if it makes you feel anymore manly, you can do your grilling outdoors. spongebob: sounds great. and i'll be driving to work. driving instructor: wait a minute.  oh no you don't. not with those short pants.  mrs. puff:  i don't know what that was all about, but i'm glad it's over. ) )