spongebob: .oh, ive got an whole new, attitude. squidward: oh is that supposed to be singing.  i am putting that one on spongebob.  would you clam up, spongebob. i am trying to paint in here. spongebob: .i cherish my fellow residents.... squidward: spongebob, why are you doing this. spongebob: i'm just displaying for all to see an attitude of gratitude. squidward: gratitude. you've been wallowing in filth all morning. what could you possibly be grateful for. spongebob: hit it, boys. .oh, ive got an whole new, attitude, a lifetime subscription to, gratitude, friend youve got to change your, platitude, live an attitude of, gratitude, im grateful for the life i am living, who knows how long i will have it, im thankful for all ive been given, we make appreciation a habit, theres no time like the present day, to have a present come your way, , so now i think that you will see , theres nothing more you need, my friend this ain't no, platitude , just an attitude of, gratitude .. or in your case, squidward, an attitude of hattitude.  squidward: keep you and your gratitude to yourself. because having you as a neighbor has left me with nothing to be grateful for.  spongebob: boy, squidward, looks like you need your plumbing checked. squidward: this is your fault. spongebob: may i help you out. squidward: no, spongebob. i don't want your help ever again. spongebob: okay, see ya later.  squidward: moron.  stupid pipe.  oh, great. i'm late for work, again.  scooter: whoa. slow down, speedster.  squidward: don't jump in a coral pit. mr. krabs: mr. squidward, how many times do i have to tell you, the customers' jokes are always funny. now, give the gentlemen a chuckle. squidward: ha ha ha. scooter: i knew you would soon get it dude. squidward: stop staring, spongebob. sandals: i would like to order one krabby patty. squidward: that'll will be 3 dollars. sandals:  do you accept pennies. squidward: i don't have time to count all that. sandals: oh, well have it your way. i'll just take my loose change, elsewhere. squidward: oh, please do, i'm trying to get some work done here. sheesh, some people just want to waste your time.  hey, buddy, how am i supposed to focus with all of that insesant tapping. and what do you think you're doing, sir. nat: i'm holding the door for the nice lady. squidward: no, you're not. you're leaving your grummy finger prints all over the glass. and now yours truly is gonna have to clean it up. why does everyone insist on making my job so difficult..  you always leave trash on the table.  your teeth chatter.  your hat annoys me.  you take too long in the restroom.  and spongebob, would you quit singing that song. spongebob: what's the matter, squidward. don't you have an attitude of gratitude. squidward:  spongebob, i hate my job, and i live in a dead end town with neighbors i can't stand. i'm the most miserable person in bikini bottom. what do i have to be thankful for. spongebob: well, it could be worse. squidward: how could life in bikini bottom possibly get any worse.  nat: mount bikini bottom's erupting. spongebob: that's how. lloyd: ooh. scooter: look, the roof.  mr. krabs: eh, ya lemons. afraid of a little lavar. cashy. noo. make it stop raining fire of destruction.  spongebob: sorry to interupt your crying, mr. krabs, but shouldn't we get to a place that at least doesn't have a roof with lava coming through it.  fear not, shelter can be found mr. krabs: oh, why even bother, spongebob. can't you see. the civilization as we know is crumbling to dust.  civilic orders is in tatters. it's every man for himself, there's no other way. i'm gonna need your life essence.  old woman:  what are you boys doing out still. plenty of room at the volcano shelter. now, i'll have no more roughhousing, you got that.. mr. krabs:  oh, yes. of course, ma'am.  try and behave yourselves, fellas.  mayor: no need to get excited, citizens. the government is working tirelessly to defeat this evil volcano.  billy: what are we gonna do. mayor: don't worry. we've got it under control. billy:  under control. half the city is on fire. you call that under control. huh. do ya.  the end is near, mayor. harold: that guy's on to something. what are you hiding from us, mayor. do you have some secret. is the end near.  spongebob: mr. mayor. mr. mayor, please. i've got something. mayor: yes, boy. how do you purpose we stop the volcano. spongebob:  actually, i just had a question about these parking tickets. i don't have a car. squidward: oh, boy. morons. mayor: we're doomed.  dolphin warrior:  you fools.  mayor: who are you. dolphin warrior:  i am an ancient warrior from long ago. the last of my kind who ruled over the ocean from before the dawn of time. but, alas, my people were wiped out by the same volcano that plagues you now. harold: then how did you survive. dolphin warrior:  i survived, because i was the only one who knew how to stop it. harold: well, don't keep us in suspense. how did you stop it. dolphin warrior: you must make... a sacrifice.  harold: what kind of sacrifice. dolphin warrior: a sacrifice must be made of the most miserable person. harold: i knew it. we have to sacrifice the most miserable person. monica: and who would that be. harold: well, it certainly isn't me.  spongebob: hey, squidward, who do you think is the most miserable person. squidward: don't know, don't care.  spongebob: but, squidward, it's imperative that we... squidward:  but, squidward, it is imperative that we...  nothing. i think i'd rather take my chances with the volcano than be stuck in this miserable barnacle hole with you,  and the citizens of dumbdumb town. man: oh, oh, we're idiots now. oh, nice. nice. woman: i'm a solitary smart woman.  squidward: what.  you idiots. you've got the wrong guy. male fish #1: we heard you complaining about the fingerprints. male fish #2: and the foottapping. sandals: and my loose change. mabel: and my teeth,  and his hat. scooter: and you called your pipe stupid. lloyd: and the fact that you said you were the most miserable person in bikini bottom.  squidward:  i'm the most miserable person in bikini bottom.  let me down, you goons. mayor: sorry, mr. tentacles. throw him in, fellas. squidward: noooooo.... spongebob: wait. it was i who made squidward miserable. throw me in instead. mayor: works for me.  squidward: well, i'm glad that y'all came to your senses. bunch of ingrates. c'mon, spongebob. jump in.  spongebob: squidward. squidward:  spongebob, help. spongebob: i'd love to, squidward, but you said to not help you ever again. and that being my neighbor left you with nothing to be grateful for. i made a promise. squidward: i take it back.  please, spongebob, i didn't mean any of that. i do appreciate your friendship. i am grateful. i'm...i'm...  i'm grateful for the life i'm living. who knows how long i'll have it. i learned that from you, remember. goodbye, everyone.  huh. spongebob:  squidward, i always knew you felt that way.  aw, buddy. thanks for finally opening up to us.  squidward: my house. dolphin warrior: ah, now the volcano is appeased. squidward: but i thought you said a sacrifice had to be made of the most miserable person. dolphin warrior:  no. you didn't let me finish. i was trying to say, a sacrifice of the most miserable person's house. no one ever listens to me.  squidward: you know, spongebob. in light of everything that just happened... i lied to you. i'm not grateful for anything. i mean look at me. i don't even have a roof to sleep under, anymore. spongebob: well, i wouldn't say that.  squidward: go away.  ) )