squidward:  i love waking up to my own circadian rhythm without the aid of an alarm clock.  spongebob: morning, squidward. i waited for you to stop sleeping like you asked. so, you got any plans for the day, squidward.  okay, squidward, i'll catch ya later.  hi, squidward, wanna play. squidward: no, and leave me alone.  spongebob: okay, squidward, see ya later.  squidward: ah, the blank canvas. infinite possibilities. all of the colors of the known and unknown universe hiding on my palate. the artist approaches, ready to create.  spongebob: hey, squidward, want to play.  okay, squidward, see ya later.  squidward:  perhaps i can find solitude in the printed word.  spongebob: hey, squidward, want to play.  okay, squidward, see ya later.  hi, squidward, want to play hideandseek. squidward: okay, spongebob, you hide first.  oh, no, where'd he go. i guess he wins.  defeat has never tasted so sweet.  yello.  spongebob: how 'bout a game of hangman. squidward: how 'bout a game of hang up.  well, i guess this brings an end to my luxuriating.  spongebob: how about duck, duck, hermit krab. hopscotch. squidward says. steal the bacon. sleeping sea lions. sharks & minnows. sink the submarine. kings & queens. mahjong.  whoa, i've never played this game before. what's it called. squidward: it's called, "i will never play with you... ever."  "that scoundrel." spongebob: something tells me squidward doesn't want to play today. that's it. if i can't play with the real squidward...  i'll just make one of my own.  squidward: i think that moron finally gets it. i don't want to see or hear him for the...  spongebob. will you make that racket stop.. spongebob, you open this door right this...  mini squid: hello, squidward.  squidward. it's me, mini squid. squidward: what are you doing, spongebob. mini squid: hello, squidward. squidward: what manner of annoying scheme is this. spongebob: just say hello to him, squidward. you know how sensitive he is. squidward: hi. now, spongebob, what the.... spongebob: uhh, squidward, he prefers to be addressed by his full name. squidward:  hello, squidward. mini squid: wondrous weather we're having, eh, squidward, old pal. squidward: spongebob, what is the meaning of this. mini squid: spongebob made a replacement you: me. so when you you don't want to play, spongebob will play with meyou. squidward: so, you'll be filling in for me when spongebob wants to play one of his stupid games. mini squid: yeah. squidward: oh, thank you, thank you, thank you.  woohoohoo.  mini squid: three words. movie title.  "12 angry jellyfish." spongebob: how does he do it. right again, squiddy. you little charades master, you. patrick:  squidward, you look a little different. wow. have you been working out. spongebob: actually, patrick, this is... patrick: d'oh, hold it, spongebob. ooh, i know. you shaved your beard.  squidward: alright now, who has the krabby patty and who has the krabby patty.  see... 'cause... they're both... krabby.  spongebob: good one, mini squid. you are always such a ray of sunshine. are you ready for another fabulous day of work at the krusty krab. mini squid: of course, i am. i love to work. male fish #1: who is that little fellow with spongebob. female fish: i don't know, but isn't he handsome. male fish #1: yeah, he is handsome.  ahem. squidward: oh, sorry, sir. can i take your order. male fish #1: no. i don't like your attitude, bub. is this what the krusty krab calls friendly service.  mini squid: sorry, sir. can i take your order. male fish #1: now that's more like it. finally, a server with a good attitude. mini squid: well, thank you very much. male fish #1: i'll take eight dozen of your finest patties, please. but don't let old chowder pants over there touch them. he might taint the patties. squidward: fine then. do my work for me.  squidward: i'm starting to like this mini squid doing my work, keeping spongebob off my back. i could get used to this. spongebob: order up, mini squid. mini squid: okay, spongebob. always happy to help.  spongebob: okay, pal.  go get em', tiger.  mini squid: okay, who ordered the krabby patty, and who ordered the krabby patty.  squidward: what the.... that's my joke. male fish #1: wow, honey, this new mini squid is such a card. female fish: and a great waiter, dear. male fish #1: yeah. you're right. so much better than that old, lousy, largerscale squidward.  female fish: yeah. bring that little fella over here and let me give him a $300 dollar tip.  squidward: what. all right, all right. that's enough. my break is finished.  squidward: oh boy. back to work. mr. krabs: hold on a second, there. squidward: oh, mr. krabs. mr. krabs: uh... squidward, me cephalopod, i'm sorry to tell you this well not that sorry the customers prefer the new smaller squidward to you. and so do i. 'cause he's making me some bucks. so i'm changing your job to busboy, effective immediately.  now pipe down and watch how it's done. mini squid: hey, everybody. i'm squidward and i love to dance. male fish #2: i, for one, love to watch people dance while i eat. who's with me. who wants mini squidward to dance for our amusement.  mini squid: well, gosh, okay.  squidward: what's the big deal. those are all my moves.  fred:  talk about no talent. male fish #3: maybe squidward should get sizedreduction surgery so he'll dance better.  squidward: that mini squid.  mini squid: everybody dance.  squidward: that was awful.  squidward: he stole my jokes. he stole my job. he stole my standing ovation. you little wooden friend. stop stealing my life.  talent agent: stop, stop. don't gnaw on the head of my new client, please. you don't know what you're doing. are you mad. have mercy. squidward: wait a minute. i've seen you before. you're that music agent that represents my favorite clarinet player. talent agent: salutations. i'm milo j. finkerfish: manager for "curly bubbles records." squidward: you mean you're here to sign me up for a record deal. milo: the answer to that question is a big no.  however, this guy here is woohoo woohoo good. we're offering him a million dollar contract with a sequin suit. squidward:  a sequin suit.. that's what you're supposed to offer me. why take a cheep knock off when you can have the original.  squidward: now, where do i sign.  milo: yeah, right, kid.  spongebob: well, mini squid, i guess this is it. we've had some good times playing charades and dancing around like two giddy butterflies.  remember. mini squid: yep, those were the days. spongebob: i guess it's time for you to move on, huh. onto greener pastures. arrivederci, mon frere. milo: alright, kid, let's go become a sensation. oh, and i'll see you at the clammy awards. oh no, i guess i won't.  spongebob:  byebye. what's the matter, actualsize squidward. squidward: my dreams are crushed. but, hey, at least i won't see that mini squid ever again. spongebob: yeah, i have something even better.  another me.  ) )