squidward: ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one.  i'm done with my shift, mr. krabs. and let me just say, there will come a day when i will make something of my life and i will never have to set foot in this grease trap again.  mr. krabs: yeah, we'll see you after your lunch break, squidward.  squidward: okay.  squilliam:  so, i just took my private yacht across my private lake to my private heliport. it's the only way off my private island. squidward:  oh, shrimp. it's my arch rival from high school, squilliam fancyson. i can't let him see me in my krusty krab uniform.  squilliam: on your lunch break, eh, squiddy. squidward: yes... i mean no... i mean... uhh, uhh... hey, whatcha been up to. squilliam: oh, just succeeding in everything you've failed in. squidward: you are no great shakes, squilliam fancyson. anyone can be a big shot in a hick town like bikini bottom. squilliam: oh, is that so. let's hear what you've accomplished since high school, squiddy. squidward:  don't be intimidated, squidward. try to imagine him in his underwear.  oh, no, he's hot.  i'm, uhh, in... food service. squilliam: hold it, don't tell me. you're a cashier.  squidward:  don't lie. lying always makes it worse.  i own a fivestar restaurant. squilliam:  squidward, i had no idea you were such a success. squidward: that's right. squilliam: and i would be honored if you would allow me to come to your restaurant tonight.  squidward: tttttttonight. squilliam: in fact, we'll all come. my treat.  squidward: please, mr. krabs, you got to help me. when they get here tonight, they're going to see i'm just a big phony and a loser. mr. krabs: oh, boohoo. let me play a sad song for you on the world's smallest violin.  squidward: this is serious. mr. krabs: i know. this really is the world's smallest violin.  see. squidward: mr. krabs. please let me run the restaurant for just one night. i really need to impress squilliam. mr. krabs: scrihscrayscrehsquilliam.  that guy who made millions doing what you wish you could do. squidward: don't rub it in. mr. krabs: why didn't you tell me. we'll take him to the cleaners.  squidward: alright, listen up. men, squilliam fancyson will be here in twenty minutes. therefore, we need to turn the krusty krab into a fancy restaurant as soon as possible.  patrick, what are you doing here. patrick: i thought the corps would help me straighten out my life, sir. squidward: the corps. what the... patrick, this isn't the... oh.  beggars can't be choosers. can you take hats in a dignified and sophisticated manner. patrick: you mean like a weenie. okay.  may i take your hat, sir. may i take your hat, sir. may i... squidward:  alright, i've heard enough. you've got the job.  mr. krabs, didn't you once serve on the s.s. gourmet. mr. krabs: ayeaye. squidward: then you'll be our chef.  spongebob: what can i do. squidward: i can't believe i'm saying this, but spongebob, you're going to have to be the waiter. spongebob: what's that. squidward: it's the guy who goes to tables and takes orders. spongebob: do other restaurants do that. squidward: yes, they do that. now listen, squilliam is on his way and you have less than twenty minutes to become a fancy waiter, so read this.  spongebob: "how to become a fancy waiter in less than 20 minutes." don't worry squidward, i'll memorize every page, right down to the punctuation marks. squidward: alright, i've got all the positions filled. i just might pull this off. patrick: give me that hat.  i said give it to me. are you going to hand it over or not. don't you backsass me.  squidward: he's just the hatcheck guy, nothing essential.  what happened. what is it. mr. krabs: peas.  made 'em the oldfashioned way. squidward: mr. krabs, you gotta take them out of the...  holy fish paste, what is that..  mr. krabs: that's the appetizer. squidward: but i thought you said you were the head chef on the s.s. gourmet. mr. krabs: did i say that. no, i cleaned the bathrooms on the gourmet. i was the head chef on the s.s. diarrhea.  squidward: there you are. spongebob, you gotta help me.  patrick and mr. krabs aren't working out, and squilliam's almost here, and, and... spongebob.  spongebob: i can't do it. i can't do it, squidward. squidward: what. spongebob: every sentence, every paragraph...  spoons. bread. salad. pepper. don't you understand..  my brain is full to bursting. if i have to memorize a single order, i think i'm gonna explode.  squidward: spongebob, hold on. let's just take a second here to relax.  little more.  little more.  good. now, i want you to empty your mind. spongebob: empty my mind. squidward: empty your mind. spongebob: empty my mind... squidward: empty your mind of everything that doesn't have to do with fine dining. fine dining and breathing.  smaller spongebob #1:  just got an order from the boss: dump everything that isn't about fine dining. other smaller spongebobs: everything. spongebob #1: everything.  come on, come on, come on. bring 'em, bring 'em, bring 'em. jellies, jellies.  let's go, let's go. keep doing it.  come on, let's get moving.  hurry up. what do you think i'm paying you for. smaller spongebob #2: you don't pay me. we don't even exist. we're just a clever visual metaphor used to personify the abstract concept of thought. smaller spongebob #1: one more crack like that and you're out of here. smaller spongebob #2: no, please. i have three kids.  squidward: how do you feel.  spongebob.  this isn't working. i gotta go tell squilliam i need more time.  i'll just go to squilliam's house and...  squilliam, you're here. squilliam: hello, squiddy.  we're all ready to be dazzled by your fivestar restaurant. squidward: wait, squilliam, i've got to explain. squilliam: explain what. that you, squidward tentacles, voted most likely to suck eggs in high school,  are trying to pass off a lousy burger stand as a fivestar...  ...restaurant..  hommina, hommina, hommina, hommina, hommina...  spongebob: table for hommina. i can seat you immediately.  squidward:  how did you do all this. spongebob: it was easy, once i cleared my mind. squidward: but what about krabs and patrick. spongebob: taken care of.  right this way, please.  good evening, sir.  from our menu tonight, might i recommend the krabby newburg.  we take the finest cuts of aged, imported kelp, stuff them with herbs from our garden, wrap them in parchment with our awardwinning shallot tapenade, slowroast them for six hours in our woodfired, clayfilled oven, or kiva, and serve them with a garnish of wilted coral on a mahogany plank.  squilliam: mmm... this is fantastic. spongebob:  thank you, sir. squidward: pinch me, i must be dreaming.  ow. spongebob: if you need anything else, just call. squidward: spongebob, i can't thank you enough for all you're doing. spongebob: fine dining and breathing are all i know how to do.  squidward: it worked. i can't believe it. squilliam thinks i own a fivestar restaurant. time to rub it in his face.  well, squilliam, i'm waiting. squilliam:  alright, i admit it. everything is fabulous. the food, the atmosphere. everything's flawless. squidward: in that case, i need you to read this.  squilliam: uhh, "squidward tentacles..." squidward:  and i need you to wear this. squilliam: oh, eh, "squidward tentacles has the fanciest..." squidward:  i'm sorry, one more time.  squilliam: "squidward tentacles has the fanciest restaurant in bikini bottom... and he does not suck eggs."  squidward, i must tell you...  thank you. what really won me over was your brilliant waiter. it's as if all he knows is fine dining... and breathing. i must know your name.  spongebob: my name. squilliam: yes, your name, son. spongebob: uhh... beef wellington. squilliam:  no, your name. spongebob: uhh... err... the fork on the left. squidward: heh. stop joking. tell him your name. spongebob: my name.  smaller spongebob #3:  what's his name.. what's his name.. i've got nothing on a name. smaller spongebob #4:  come on, baby, what's the name...  smaller spongebob #5: we threw out his name.  squidward: i am so very sorry. i don't know what has gotten into that...  spongebob: more soup for your armpit.  fred:  spongebob:  please enjoy the food.  would you like some cheese on that, sir.  squidward: no. nooo.  mr. krabs: run for your lives, everyone. it's the appetizer.  squilliam: well, squiddy, i'm waiting. squidward:  okay, i admit it, i'm a fraud. this was all a futile, pathetic attempt to impress you. this isn't really my restaurant. i'm just a cashier. squilliam: squidward, i understand. i have a confession to make myself. i made everything up about my life. i have no yachts, jets, or anything. i was only trying to impress you. the horrible, sad truth is, i'm a cashier too.  squidward: is that true. squilliam: of course not. i'm filthy stinking rich. come on, everyone. let's all take a ride in my balloon/casino.  spongebob:  ugh, i got such a headache. what's going on with you. squidward: oh, the usual.  would you get out of here..  ) )