squidward: huh.   spongebob: hey.  spongebob: whatcha doing. squidward: i'm busy. spongebob: how busy would you say you are on a scale of eight to nine. squidward:  fourteen. spongebob: squidward, i'm no mathematologist, but that sounds like a lot. squidward:  it is.  spongebob: okay, quick survey. are you busy busy, or just busy. squidward: what's "busy busy."  squidward: no no no no no. don't tell me. don't tell me. don't tell me anything, don't even tell me what you're doing here. spongebob:  i found a jump rope. squidward:  i said not to tell me.  you're ruining my perfect afternoon. i'm spending some quality time with someone who's very important to me. spongebob: oh. who's the lucky...  squidward:  perfectly brown toast points.  sparkling kelp juice.  here's to me.  d'oh. that simpering buffoon. squidward's reflection in glass: you have a great vocabulary. squidward: i know. squidward's reflection: indubitably.  squidward: go away...  norton: okay. squidward: wait. i thought you were some other idiot. norton: no. i guess i'm just this idiot.  norton: why, it's beautiful.  squidward: "you are cordially invited to the fanciest and shmansiest artistic event of the season: the opening of galleria diphtheria." oh, i've heard of that. "bikini bottom's most exclusive fine arts showcase. this invitation guarantees the admittance of squidward tentacles" "squidward tentacles...""...'ploos ohnay.'"  norton: ah, it's a plus one. squidward: ahh. what are you still doing here. norton: it's not "ploos ohnay." it says "plus one". squidward: plus one. oh yeah, of course. plus one.  sure.  what's a plus one. norton: well, when you get an invitation to a party, sometimes they put "plus one" on it, to tell you it's okay to bring along a friend. squidward: do you have to do it. norton: well, no, you could go alone. it's just that everyone will laugh at you 'cause they think you're a friendless loser. squidward: what. do you want me to call your supervisor and tell him you're just standing around.  squidward's reflection: you need to find a friend to take as your "plus one". spongebob:  somebody like me.  spongebob: i like openings. squidward: no, not like you.  spongebob: come on, jump rope. i guess it's just you and me.  squidward: let's see here. friends...  squidward:  friends, friends...  squidward: hm. yeah, i wonder if i still have my receipt for this thing. no big deal. anybody can make a friend by...  tonight..  let's see. there must be someone who's a real part of your life, squidward. who do you see every single day. who do you know like the back of your suction cups.  squidward: but, of course. it's so simple.  squidward: spongebob, i have something to ask you.  spongebob: of course i'll go to the opening with you. squidward: that wasn't the question. which way did the mailman go. spongebob: oh, he said he had a package for the widow duncan. i think he went...  norton: and then you just initial there and we're all set. squidward: hey, there you are.  norton: not in the face. squidward: what. what are you... oh.  you always were a big kidder, huh.  mailman  guy. norton: actually, i'm not a kidder. i'm much more of an introvert. squidward: i love introverts. why i'm an introvert.  norton: you are.  squidward: say, i bet we have a lot in common. norton:  yeah, i don't know. i'm just a regular guy. but in not being a mailman, i love going to fancy art galleries. squidward: that's me. norton: and eating delicious food. squidward: oh, delicious food is my favorite kind of food. especially when that delicious food is something you can... both: spread on a toast point.  squidward: once you've had pointed toast, you just never want any other kind. norton: right. and if there's one thing i hate, it's... squidward: spongebob. norton: clarinets. squidward: yeah, i know it... what. norton: i mean what kind of maniac could enjoy the sound of a clarinet. that squeaky hollow kind of piercing howl from the very pits of gehenna. only a deluded blowhog, with nothing to lose, could pick up a  clarinet and think "yeah. this is for me. let me inflict this pain on the world.".  am i right, buddy. heh. uh.  norton: buddy.  stupid, stupid, stupid. why are you so darn opinionated, norton. all you do with your searing and abnormal honesty is drive everyone away. when's norton's time. when's norton's time to shine.. widow duncan: oh, norton. i've always taken a shine to you.   squidward: oh, you think you know a guy.  oh, who are you kidding. it's not in the cards for you. i bet not even this old tin can would be my friend. spongebob:  i'll be your friend. squidward:  who is this. spongebob: it's me, spongebob.  squidward: spongebob. spongebob: yes. i'm still here. squidward: i need to ask you something important.  spongebob: you don't have to ask me three times.  squidward: will you tell larry i wanna talk to him.  spongebob: oh.  spongebob: okeydoke.  larry: so, squidward, what do you wanna talk about. squidward: well, it's, uh, kind of hard to put into words. larry: oh, i've been there, amigo. squidward: you have. larry: sure. but nothing clears the sawdust out of your brains quicker than a ride on a jet ski.  larry: ever been on one of these little babies. squidward: um, no. the.. they always seemed a little sporty for me. larry: well, you only live once. and i just happen to have an extra helmet.  squidward: what the heck.  unnamed fish: hey.  squidward: we make quite a team. larry: i'll say. squidward: you know, earlier today i met a jerk who said he didn't like clarinet music. larry: hey, you know that's very uncool. what kind of thoughtless dingdong would knock another man's passion. squidward: you know, you're alright, lester. larry: it's larry. squidward: whatever. the point is do you want to go with me to a gallery opening tonight. larry: well, that's not my kind of thing at all, but for you sure. i'll just need to stop by the apartment and make myself a protein shake. squidward: what.. you don't need that glop. larry: oh, i wouldn't call it "glop". protein shake saved my life, bro. squidward: oh, come on. it's a fat. you don't wanna be one of those mindless rubes who marches around in a constant haze of stupidity. "i love protein shakes. i'm the most gullible rube on the planet. duh. duh. duh. give me my stupid protein shake."  squidward:  i mean...  squidward: so, are we still on for tonight. sevenish.  squidward:  i guess it's just you and me again.  squidward:  what are you doing here. spongebob:  just playing draggy rope. you wanna play. squidward: no. spongebob: you hold on to one end of the rope and you drag it behind you like a sea snake is chasing you like this. wanna play. squidward: just get me out of here. spongebob:  will do.  squidward: thanks. spongebob: anything for a friend.  squidward: friend.  squidward: would you be my plus one.  squidward: come on, spongebob.  perch perkins: and here comes squidward tentacles and what must be either a bizarre piece of performance art or the saddest display of loneliness it has ever been my displeasure to report. one is inclined to suspect the second thing i said. a thing about sadness.  squidward's reflection: you'll always be my plus one. squidward: aww.  ) )