spongebob:  going to work, going to work, i'm going to work. i'm going to work, i'm going to work  i'm going to work.  i'm going to work. i'm going to work, going to work, gogoing to work. i'm crossing the street.  i'm crossing the street. crosswhup. i'd recognize that sound anywhere. it's the sound of horrible, croaking sobbing.  plankton:oh, neptune. why, oh why.. spongebob:plankton. plankton:no, please. i told you i'd get the money. please, ioh, it's you. spongebob:plankton, what's got you so upset. i can hear you from three blocks away. plankton:oh, that. it's this doomsday device i invented.it just doesn't do what it's supposed to do. spongebob:doomsday device. what's it supposed to do. plankton:well, it's supposed to upset the earth's axis. causing a chain reaction with typhoons, earthquakes, etc. spongebob:so, what does it do instead. plankton:it just sparks and falls apart. spongebob:sparks and falls apart. plankton:you don't believe me. spongebob:nno. i believe you. i uh......believe you. plankton:oh, what's the use.. everyday the same old thing. life is an endless succession of failures and disappointments. spongebob:well, look on the bright side, plankton. if all your hopes and dreams finally came true, then you wouldn't have anything left to look forward to. plankton:well, i didn't think i could feel any worse, but at least i know now that anything is possible. spongebob:plankton wait.wait.wait. plankton:i'm waiting. spongebob:maybe what you need is to join a club or something. meet new people. you know, make some friends. plankton:hmmm. yes. yes. are you suggesting i form an evil alliance. spongebob:um, something like that. plankton:thatis anexcellentidea. but where would someone like me find new friends. spongebob:well, usually when i'm trying to find something, i just look it up in the phone book. plankton: oh, great. thanks.let's see here. aha. here we go.evil villain for hire. call man ray. no job too diabolical. spongebob:man ray. but he's one of bikini bottom's most notorious super villains. arch nemesis of fame television super heroes mermaid man and barnacle boy.he's in the phone book.plankton, you were looking underfiendsnotfriends. plankton:oh, i know, spongebob. i know.man ray. we meet at long last. and who would have thought to find here you here, working a parttime job restocking vending machines. that's very clever, man ray. very clever. and now let us join in evil alliance.  man ray:have we met. plankton: don't you remember. we spoke on the phone. i, plankton know of a secret formula. a formula that holds the secret. the oh, so precious secret of the krusty krab.and he who controls the krusty krab controls bikini bottom. once that formula is in out possession, we man ray:una.i'm listening. plankton:then together we will steal the formula, crush mr. krabs and rule the world.mwa hahahaha. mr. krabs:huh.plankton. plankton:oh, don't mind me, krabs. i'm just taking a few measurements. i want to make sure there's enough room to install a hot tub when i assume ownership of this dump.but before you toss me out like yesterday's garbage, there's someone i'd like you to meet. come on out, partner. mr. krabs:partner. that's the silliest thing you've ever plankton: i want you to say hello to my new partner and your new overlord, man ray. mr krabs:hello. man ray:hm, was it something i said. mr. krabs:hang on to your hats and glasses. doom is upon us. and it's dressed in a red leotard. spongebob: mr. krabs. you said to hold onto your glasses. when all i could find were these extra large milkshake cups. do these count. mr. krabs:never mind that now. i want you to go up to the roof, and light the mermaid man and barnacle boy emergency search light. spongebob:mermaid man and barnacle boy emergency search light. what for. mr. krabs: because. we're having an emergency. spongebob: aye aye, captain. plankton:it looks like krabs isn't as foolish as i thought. he's boardedup the front entrance. i think you know what we need to do now. man ray:right, of course. mr. krabs:you can relax now, squidward. they're not getting innever mind. spongebob:where is it. where is it. that search light could be anywhere up here. oop. there.yes. mermaid man and barnacle boy will be here in no time.hmm. i guess this is only good for nighttime emergencies.help. help. mustfindmermaidmanbarnacleboy. manraykrustykrabtakingover. worker #1:sorry, kid. this is a retirement community, not an insane asylum. mermaid man:huh. do you hear that. barnacle boy:probably just the old air conditioner acting up. mermaid man: i'll fix it. you old piece of junk. yep, that must've been it. it's not making that sound anymore. plankton:well, well, well, the krusty krab is finally ours. now we can take the secret formula and rule the world. hand it over, eugene. mr. krabs:no way. you'll never know the secret of making krabby patties. man ray:wait a minute, i thought you said this was the secret formula for world domination. plankton:there's a direct correlation: domination in the fast food market place leads to total world control. maybe you need to taste a krabby patty, then you'll understand. you there. bring us a couple of krabby patties asap. mr. krabs:squidward... squidward. squidward:huh. i don't get paid enough for this.  spongebob:hmm.good afternoon. worker #1:good afternoon, sir.  spongebob:mermaid man. barnacle boy.  elderly lady:may i have this dance. spongebob:of course.i'm sorry, but i'm going to have to excuse myself. iuh... old lady:hi, handsome. do you wanna dance. spongebob:certainly. elderly lady:hands off, i saw him first. old lady:that's what you think, sister. crowd:no, i saw him first. nuh uh. he's mine. spongebob:mermaid man. barnacle boy. barnacle boy:i never really liked these things, anyway. spongebob:ahhh. mermaid man.  plankton:ah, here we go. squidward:two krabby patties. enjoy your meal. plankton:oh, we will. we'll enjoy it a lot, slave.well. now that you've experienced a krabby patty firsthand, are you ready to assume control of the secret formula and take over the world. man ray:hmm... it certainly was tasty, but i think i need to try another one before i know for sure. plankton:hey. that one was mine.well, are you satisfied. can we get on with our lives now. man ray:hmm... satisfied... not quite. i think this will require another helping of "research". hey, you there. another platter of your finest krabby patties, please.   spongebob:mermaid man and barnacle boy. mermaid man and barnacle boy. mermaid man andwhoa. barnacle boy:what the. mermaid man:is nap time over already. spongebob:come quick. the krusty krab is in dire strieghts. plankton and man ray teamed up and blah blah blah blah blah blah. mermaid man:this must be one of the new guys. barnacle boy:no kidding, we'd like to help out, but we can't just yet. spongebob: what do you mean you can't. barnacle boy:we just woke up from our nap. mermaid man: andafter naptime is when they usually serve ice cream. barnacle boy:so in the meantime, uh, you're gonna have to be your own hero. mermaid man:unless you wanna wait for ice cream too.  squidward:spongebob, where have you been. i've been covering for you on the grill for the past 3 hours. my arm feels like it's gonna snap in half. man ray:  squidward:it's that guy in red. he's a really high maintenance customer. plankton:can we please steal the secret formula now. pretty please, man ray. man ray:i must have more.bring me more krabby patties. bring more krabby patties.  spongebob:stand aside, squidward. i'm gonna be my own hero.thank you, sir. enjoy your meal. man ray:at last. plankton:alright, fine. i'll just steal the secret formula myself.oh, and man ray, this friendship is over. man ray:no... no more... can't... eat... another... mermaid man:there he is. alright, man ray, lunch time's over. man ray:what. how did you know i was here. barnacle boy:a little sponge told us. man ray:this wasn't supposed to happen. mr. krabs:here you go, plankton. plankton:what's this. mr. krabs:it's the bill. for your partner. ) )