mr. krabs: alright, hold on a second there freeloader. what are you doing here. patrick: i'm here for lunch. mr. krabs: did you bring money this time. patrick:  yes.  mr. krabs: let me see that.  alright. pay is real. now get in line. patrick:  yes, sir.  bill: hey, how's that new executive treatment sandwich treating you. cause it's hitting all the quadrants of my hunger markets. patrick:  mmm, quadrants. bill: you know, it reminds me of something i was thinking about business the other day. harold: the satisfaction earnings of the fourth quarter of my lunch are off the charts.  bill: and i love the way it tastes.  yellow executive: and business, my friend, is the business i'm talking about. marv: well, one can't have business without business right. yellow executive: interesting point, marv. how's your sandwich. marv: absolutely spectacular. this new menu item is the business plan i can really get behind. executive: i tell you, this is one dynamic little sandwich. shubie: with levels of proactiveness that are off the charts. business wise. executive: it really appeals to my demographic. shubie: well, you are an executive in a fastpaced world of business. executive: ha, ha. that's for sure. patrick:  these guys talk funny words. squidward: oh, yeah. they're a riot. what can i get ya. patrick: i guess i'll have one of these business sandwiches everybody's talking about. squidward: ah, the executive treatment. patrick: is that what you call it. squidward: well, that's what mr. krabs makes me call it. it's really just a krabby patty that costs more. and spongebob wears a different tie when he makes it. patrick: oh, wow. i'll take seven. squidward: oh, i'm sorry sir. the executive treatment is available to executives only. i'm not sorry. patrick: but i never wanted anything so much in my whole life. since this morning when i wanted a donutnight at the "donut" and it was great. the donut is gone.  the donut is gone. squidward:  first of all a lot of that donut, it's still on your face.  patrick: now, where's my executive treatment. squidward: i told you, it's for executives only. and you aren't even dressed like an executive. i could of course sell you  the official krusty krab business tie for only 10 dollars. patrick: will the tie let me order the executive treatment. squidward: not on its own, no. but you could krabbysize the tie with and get a pair of  business glasses for additional 10 dollars. patrick:  well, i'd be stupid not to. squidward: well, you're half right. patrick: here's your 20 bucks.  squidward: here's your glasses.  patrick: thanks. i'll take one executive treatment my good man.  spongebob: here's your executive treatment. squidward:  here you go. patrick: oh man.  it looks executively delicious.  marv: carl, what are you doing standing around at a time like this. we're gonna be late for the big brainstorming meeting.  patrick: but. but.  save my sandwich for me, squidward. squidward. squidward:  i'll save it alright. i'll just put it here in the circular files.  mr. krabs:  what are you doing throwing away a perfectly sellable sandwich..  patrick: no.  no...  no...  not 4b... no..... marv: wow. youre very upset about conference room 4b. and i cant say i blame you. because conference room 4b is the most terrifying conference room in the whole building. more people have been fired in here than all the other conference rooms combined.  save it for the big brainstorming meeting.  right here is where all the biggest business decisions in the business are made. why if an imposter were to be caught in here, hmm patrick: hed be given a sandwich and sent on his way. marv: no, hed be convicted as a corporate spy and sent to jail forever and ever and ever. hey, where are you going. patrick: i think ive forgot to water my manatee oranges.  stockholder eel: gentlemen, please.  patrick:  where am i. stockholder eel: exactly. i like you, young man. everybody scoot down and so he can sit next to me. and i wont intimidate him at all by my terrifyingly long soap opera activity. as this junior executive so eloquently put it, where exactly are we. marv: ah, sir, if you take a look at this  i believe youll agree that were perfectly positioned for our marketing to be number one across the business sector.  stockholder eel: i need a straight answer, not a bunch of meaningless charts. what do you give a disappointed stockholder to make him feel better.  patrick: a sandwich.  harold: get a load of this guy. a sandwich. marv: this guy has sandwiches on the brain. patrick:  no i dont.  tom: thats just about the silliest piece of idea. stockholder eel: alright, hold it. now all of you just hold it right there. its easy to laugh and judge. keep a man with scholar when you hear an idea that stands out because its so unusual.  so, everybody, just stop and think for a minute about what your colleague is really trying to say because i want to be the one to tell him. thats the silliest thing ive ever heard. patrick: what if i had a meaningless chart. stockholder eel: yes, maybe i was too hasty about that.  well, you're definitely giving a new meaning to the word meaningless. patrick: oh, wait.  and heres a little house with smoke coming out of the chimney. see what i mean.  i guess he likes my chart, 'cause hes smiling. marv: he smiles like that when hes really angry.  patrick: do you slap your palms down on the table like that too. stockholder eel:  yes. patrick: oh. stockholder eel: i dont know who you are, but you better not be an impostor. do you know what happens to impostors in conference room 4b. patrick: well, uh, lets see. uh, dont tell me. ii know its not sandwiches. they dont get sandwiches. do they. stockholder eel:  mister, this is the last straw.  now, im just going to give you just 18 more chances to prove yourself. narrator: montage.  stockholder eel: jenkins. jenkins: yes, sir. stockholder eel: mustache.  jenkins: here you are sir.   patrick:  and so in conclusion, i would like to submit my official report.  stockholder eel: you know, kid. we need somebody like you around here. patrick: you do.  stockholder eel: for me to fire. patrick: oh, yeah. well, ive got a surprise for you.  you cant fire me. im not an executive at all. im just a guy who happens to like sandwiches. so, go ahead. send me away forever as a corporate spy if you want to. but not before i've had my say.  officer rob: you have a visitor.  patrick: who is it. spongebob: hello, patrick. patrick: hi, spongebob. spongebob: hey, i heard youre in charge of the laundry room on thursdays. thats nice. patrick: yeah. well, its pretty nice i guess. spongebob: you know what that makes you. patrick: nuhuh. spongebob:  an executive. patrick: oh, wait. oh, is that what i think it is.. spongebob: uhhuh. an executive treatment.  officer rob:  what happened to prisoner 665321.  patrick: lets go home, spongebob. spongebob: okay, but who are you.  no seriously. who are you. ) )