spongebob: you know, patrick, the jellyfish migration is my favorite time of year. for three whole days, jellyfish from around the globe gather on one spot to trade jelly secrets.  patrick, look. it's a bluecrested blaster. i've never seen one before. they're really rare. and a speckled squirter, a two fisted jumper, and a goldthroated stinger. gold throated singer: la, la, la, la, la, la, la. spongebob: oh, this year's migration is gonna be a big one.  patrick: uhh, spongebob.  spongebob: wow. this looks like a job for ol' reliable.  spongebob: ah, that was the most beautiful day of jellyfishing ever. patrick: well, i didn't catch a thing with my dumb old net.  spongebob: lucky for me, i have ol' reliable. carbon fiber handle, titanium alloid netting and formfitting silicone grips. yes, sir, ol' reliable is the best net in the world. patrick: wow. i would kill for a net like that. you know, something small like a carrot. but not spiders, they're icky.  spongebob: good night, patrick. patrick: good night, spongebob. spongebob:  ah, i love jellyfishing.  whoo. time to get ready for day two of the jellyfish migration. and i'll start with my trusty jellyfishing net, ol' reliable.  ol' reliable.  it's gone.  gary: meow. spongebob: oh, right. pants. narrator: one pair of pants later... spongebob: patrick, ol' reliable has been stolen.  spongebob: put one over there, patrick. patrick: i'm all done. spongebob: maybe we should spread out a little.  johnny: flash. the jellyfish migration enters it second day of fantastic jellyfishing. we now go live to our reporter on the scene. perch perkins:  this year's migration is the largest in a century. i feel truly sorry for the poor saps that will miss even one minute of this remarkable event.  spongebob: attention, bikini bottom, my jellyfishing net has been stolen. i am prepared to offer a large reward for its safe return.  mr. krabs: reward. how much we talkin' about. spongebob: 12 dollars and...  ...38 cents. mr. krabs: i'm on the case.  perch perkins: guys, i know it's a slow news day, but come on.  spongebob: oh. hello. hello. patrick: spongebob, did you get your net back. spongebob: oh, get off the line, patrick. someone might be trying to call about ol' reliable. patrick: oh, sorry.  did you get your net yet. spongebob: no, patrick. don't call unless you found my net.  spongebob: hello. patrick: spongebob, i found your net. spongebob: what. really. patrick: uhh, oh, not really. i just got lonely. spongebob: oh, i'll never get my net back. i'll just have to accept that ol' reliable is gone forever.  spongebob:  patrick's lucky. he gets to practice in the middle of the night with his jellyfish net.  funny thing is, patrick's net disintegrated yesterday.  patrick: hey, spongebob, did you get ol' reliable back yet. spongebob:  no, not yet. hey, patrick, wouldn't it be the funniest thing if you had taken my jellyfish net.  patrick: no.  spongebob: yeah, that would be silly. oh, that reminds me. i got you a present. patrick: a present. what is it. spongebob:  it's a confessabear. he's a special friend you tell all your secrets to. patrick: wow, thanks, spongebob. spongebob: i'll just leave you two alone to get acquainted.  confessabear: hi. my name is confessabear. tell me all your secrets. patrick: um, i did something recently i'm not very proud of. i didn't mean to do it. it just sort of happened. confessabear: hmmm, maybe you should talk about it. patrick: well, it involves my best friend spongebob. i don't think he knows what happened, but it would really upset him if he found out. confessabear: tell confessabear. patrick: i've said too much already. confessabear: tell confessabear now. now. patrick: ahh. i accidentally knocked spongebob's toothbrush in the toilet and put it back on the counter without washing it. confessabear.  you're mad at me, aren't you, confessabear.  spongebob: patrick, we need to talk. patrick: uh, don't come in. i'm not decent. the house is a mess. there's a radiation leak. spongebob: hmmm...  patrick, where are you. why are the lights off. patrick: i'm in here. be out in a second.  spongebob: ol' reliable. ah...ha. patrick:  hello. spongebob: what's in your hand, patrick. patrick:  nothing. spongebob: what's in your other hand. patrick:  nothing in my other hand. spongebob: well, i gotta go. patrick: ok, bye. spongebob: patrick wouldn't steal ol' reliable. would he.  patrick: i would kill for a net like that.  spongebob:  have i been best friends with a master thief. i must know for sure.  good morning, patrick. patrick: good morning, spongebob. spongebob: what are you going to do today, buddy. patrick: eh, nothing. spongebob:  well, i'm off to work. see ya later, patrick. patrick: bye.  spongebob: now, we'll just see what sort of nothing you're really up to, sneaky mcsneakypants.  narrator: 8 hours later... spongebob:  oh, he is good. you never really know a guy until you stare at him for eight hours through highpowered binoculars. hey, where'd he go.  patrick: hi, spongebob. what are you doing. spongebob: uh, you... what the.... what are you doing. patrick: nothing. i just finished.  oh, hey, look. you can see where i was just standing from here. boy, if you wanted to, you could have spied on me all day from right here.  creepy, huh. anyway, what are you doing with those binoculars. spongebob:  i don't have any binoculars, see. patrick: you're acting weird. spongebob: i'm not acting weird.  you're acting weird. you're... acting... weird. patrick: ok, bye.  hello. who are you. spongebob:  greetings, young fellow. i am willing to pay top dollar for jellyfishing items with sentimental value, if you know what i mean. patrick: oh. no. spongebob: word on the street is that you know where to get quality jellyfishing supplies. patrick: what street said that. was it this one.  mind your own business. spongebob: mr. star, i know that you are in possession of a rare jellyfishing net. i will pay one billion dollars for that net.  patrick: i don't know who you are, but i'm not giving you this jellyfishing net.  i wouldn't sell it for a million dollars, not for a hundred dollars, i wouldn't even sell it for a dollar. spongebob: oh really. patrick: you can't have it for any price. spongebob: and why not. patrick: this means more to me than money. it's my friend spongebob's. spongebob:  aha. patrick: spongebob. oh, thank goodness you're here. there was this scary guy with a mustache asking a lot of weird questions. spongebob: patrick, i'm the scary mustache guy. patrick:  why, spongebob, why. why would you wear such a scary mustache. spongebob: why would you steal my jellyfishing net. patrick: what.. i'm your best friend. spongebob: you were my best friend, you nogood jellyfish net thief. patrick: how could you think that. spongebob: because you said it. you said that it was your friend spongebob's. patrick: gift. spongebob: what. patrick: it's my friend spongebob's gift.  i made you a new net. spongebob:  for spongebob. you made me a new jellyfishing net. that is so thoughtful of you. patrick.   spongebob: what'cha doing, best friend. patrick: i'm not your best friend. i'm just a nogood jelly netting thief fish. spongebob: where are you going. patrick: i'm leaving bikini bottom while i still have my dignity. spongebob: patrick, no.  so, this is it. patrick: barring the unforeseen hand of fate, i'm afraid it is. spongebob:  patrick, don't go. i'm sorry i accused you. it's bad enough i lost my net. i don't want to lose my friend, too. please forgive me. nathaniel: what's the holdup. oh, it's you two.  look, you left your net on the bus again. spongebob: ol' reliable. i left you on the bus. nathaniel: you do it every week. now can we get going. spongebob: patrick, i want you to take this to remember me by. patrick: you're giving me ol' reliable.  i accept your apology. spongebob: oh, come here, you big lug.  all: aww... nathaniel: they do this all the time. i'm serious. iugh, never mind. patrick: i'm staying in bikini bottom. passengers: hooray.  patrick: you want to go jellyfishing. i just got a new net.  spongebob: so did i.  my best friend made it for me. spongebob & patrick: whee.  ) )