amphitrite: oh, neptune, surely this isn't the behavior befitting a king, hiding in bed for days on end, doing nothing but watching daytime television.  neptune: wait. rochelle was just about to meet her biological parents. amphitrite: is this about turning 5,000 today. neptune: no. oh, my darling amphitrite, it is not my age that troubles me so. it's that our son, triton, will not be able to share in my revelry. amphitrite: let's forget about triton for just one day. it's your 5,000th birthday, for shell's sake. neptune:  ok. so long as there's no one careless enough to mention triton.  spongebob: order up squidward.  i'll bet you're wondering why i'm not using my hands today. squidward:  not in the least, spongebob. spongebob: ok, ok, i'll tell you. squidward:  your order, ma'am.  spongebob: i'm not using my hands because today is "work without your hands day".  you should give it a whirl, buddy.  krusty krab, spongebob speaking. just a minute please. mr. krabs, it's a queen amphitrite. she wants to have king neptune's birthday party here. mr. krabs:  oh she does, does she. i'll handle this, laddie.  yes, queen amphitrite.  very convincing, but you're gonna have to call pretty early to fool ol' eugene krabs, prankster. . they think i was born yesterday. ayeayeaye. does 7:00 work for you, your majesty.  oil up yer spatula boy, for tonight you fry for a king. spongebob: so much for "work without your hands day," squarepants. you answer to a higher calling this day. i have the capability.  ok, that's enough patrick, thank you.   mr. krabs: you two really outdid yourselves. it almost makes me want to pay you.  oh, yeah.  looks like this area could use a few more decorations. squidward. squidward: now, what. mr. krabs: the decorations over here look a little sparse. why don't you hang up a few balloons or something.   mr. krabs:  oh, that's better. looks lovely, squidward. excellent work. how goes it over here. spongebob: all set, mr. k. 5,000 patties, one for every year neptune's been alive. mr. krabs: 5,000 patties at $3.99 a pop.   mr. krabs: leave it to your old boss here to capitalize on such a momentous occasion.  shubie: wow. why, you rolled out the red carpet. mr. krabs: this ain't for you, lad. this is for king neptune. today is his birthday. shubie: oh, uh, wait, king neptune is coming here. oh, i am a huge fan of the royal family. i just love everything they do. could we please, maybe, watch them eat, right here through the window, you know. mr. krabs: don't be ridiculous. why in neptune's name would i let you... mr. krabs: see neptune eat. only five dollars. only a few seats left.  mr. krabs: thank you.  mr. krabs: thank you.  fish #19: you got change for a twenty. mr. krabs: nope, sorry. i guess that it's twenty dollars for for you then. don't be shy folks. seats are going fast.   neptune: greetings, my obedient flock.  neptune:  you were right, honey. hearing these mortals cheer for me has made me feel better already. spongebob: excuse me, mr. royal sea kingness, your table is this way,sir.  neptune: oh, these seats are surprisingly comfortable for being longlord and primitive storage vessels. amphitrite: oh, husband, i'm so glad to see that you're enjoying your birthday party. neptune: and i am glad that you are glad, dear. amphitrite: and i'm glad that you're glad that i'm glad, my king. neptune: and i'm glad that you're glad that i'm glad that you're glad... monsters: alright already. neptune: and methinks i shall continue to enjoy us all as long as there's no mention of the name... spongebob: triton, triton, triton. is there a triton here. is there anybody missing from this party that any of you guys can see. amphitrite: nope, there's nobody missing, we're all here.  spongebob: oh, i was sure there's somebody.. oh. here it is right here. an empty seat. neptune: that's not an empty seat. my wife is sitting there. spongebob:  no, not that chair, your highness. that one, see. it even has its pretty name card that i made still on it. neptune: oh no. spongebob: triton. you sure you don't know anyone named triton.  should i put it down yes or no. amphitrite: triton is our son. but as you can see, the king doesn't want to talk about it right now. neptune: thank you, my darling. i'd rather not share with this addled mortal the woeful story of our son, triton.  but i suppose i could tell it.  no, you're right, i won't tell it.  instead, i'm going to show this movie i made about it.  could someone please dim the lights.   neptune:  it all started one day while giving triton his smiting lessons.  neptune: that's how you strike fear into the hearts of your subjects. now you try, son. son. neptune:  triton was increasingly fascinated with the miserable world of the lowly mortals.  triton: dad, when are you going to teach me the ball and stick game. neptune: never. now take hold of your trident and practice your smiting, son. triton: i don't feel like smiting. i wanna play the ball and stick game. neptune: ok, son, you want to learn the stick and ball game. well here's your first lesson. batter up.  it looks like i just hit a single. let's see if you can get a home run, son. triton: leave me alone, dad.  neptune:  what was happening to my own flesh and blood. over the next few millennia, my son grew not only in size, but in perplexing behavior.  neptune: what is going on in here. triton: hey, dad, check it out. i'm studying chemistry, and i've just created a cure for all mortal diseases. neptune:  how many times do i have to tell you. we are gods. we don't have diseases, nor do we care whether or not the mortals contract them. triton: gosh.  neptune:  try as i might, it was becoming increasingly apparent that we would not agree on the ways of the world. i knew i had no choice. there was only one last resort.  no, not that one. the island in the sky. triton: isn't that island a miniature golf course. neptune: no. the one on the other side of the river triton: you mean the juvenile correction facility. but that place is for losers, man. neptune: uhhuh.  triton: okay, i'm standing in here. now what.  what are you doing. this is bogus. neptune: i'm sealing you inside this magical shrinking cage until you learn to embrace your destiny as one of the gods.  triton: noooooo.  triton: you call that shrinking. neptune: well, it only shrinks 7%. triton: man, that is just beyond bogus. neptune: perhaps in your eyes, it is beyond bogus, but it is the only way you'll learn.  reflect on this for 10,000 years. triton: you can't do this, man. i've got a life to live. i can't be stuck in this cage, man.  god. i hate you, old man, you hear me. i hate you.   neptune: and that's that.  mr. krabs: huh. okay, who's ready for a piping hot krabby patty. would you like the first one, your highness. neptune: recounting this sad tale has upset me so much, i've lost my appetite.  amphitrite: take those sandwiches away. can't you see the king is upset.  it's okay, let it out.  male fish: this is a ripoff. i paid to watch highclass royal dining action, not listen to a boring sob story. monica: ooh, looks like things may be picking up. royal violence. amphitrite: why have you not obeyed me, mortal. be gone. mr. krabs: so who's going to pay for these, then.  mr. krabs: oh. if neptune doesn't cheer up soon, me business is ruined. spongebob: oh no. this is all my fault because i mentioned  triton. squidward: well, it wouldn't be the first time you've ruined everything, but the worst part is those 5,000 krabby patties that will end up going rotten in the hot sun. spongebob: stop, squidward, please stop. your descriptions are too horrifying for my delicate sensibilities. squidward: i do have a way with words. neptune: oh, how i miss my son.  spongebob: hey, that's it. i'll fix all this by reuniting neptune with his son.   spongebob:  thanks again, mr. bus driver. spongebob:  now, all i've got to do is find king neptune's longlost son.   mr. krabs: come on, krabs. think, think.  ooh.  squidward: whatever it is, no. mr. krabs: squidward, you're a man of culture. squidward: go on. mr. krabs: well, these highfalutin' types, they might appreciate that, don't you think. why don't you try and razzledazzle them with all your pizazz. squidward: pizazz. hold on to your hats and glasses, people, because squidward the fantabulous has arrived.  squidward: thank you. thank you. this next one, i wrote myself. i like to call it, 'three barnacles are a crowd unless they've known each other for a really long time.'  frank: things just got lame again. monica: yeah, well, they better get unlame real quick, or i'm asking for my money back.  frank: no refunds.. well, i guess we're stuck here, then.   spongebob: what thei had the strangest dream that i just got hit in the head with a tiny toenail clipping.  spongebob:  hey, i was right. it is a tiny toenail clipping.  spongebob:  another one.  plus some rope.   triton: hey, man, what's the big idea. spongebob:  who said that. show yourself. i'm warning you. i know how to use these.  triton:  i'm down here, man.  spongebob: oh, hello, little fella. maybe you can help me. because if i don't find triton soon, krabs is gonna be real upset, because he spent a lot of money on party decorations. triton: party decorations. for what. spongebob: for king neptune's birthday. triton: so, it's my old man's birthday. big deal. spongebob:  you mean, you're king neptune's son. triton: i am, but he doesn't seem to think so. spongebob: well, he sure seemed upset that you weren't at his birthday party. triton: hah. that's a real good one, man. real funny. spongebob:  well, thanks, but... triton: do you think if that old goat really cared, he'd have me sealed up in this magical cage with nothing to do all day  but trim my fingernails, man. spongebob: you're right. it just doesn't make any sense. triton: you're telling me, man. spongebob: i mean, gods shouldn't have to use nail clippers. they should be able to wear their fingernails to whatever length they want. triton: man, you're just like all the rest.  spongebob: don't go.   spongebob: what if there was a way to free you from this magical cage. then, you could come to your father's birthday party and settle your differences. triton: may i ask you to brush your teeth first, dude. p.u. spongebob: sorry, i haven't had anything to drink in a couple of days, my throats a little dry. triton:  this cage is only so big man spongebob: i'm sorry, i'll stop talking, i swear triton: never mind, just undo the lock spongebob:  boy this really does look complicated, oh i see, i'll just slide this square to the right, this one goes up, one other here and ohh wait, no, ahh, no squares  man that really is a tough nut to crack triton: that lock was forged by the gods, not any numbskull can open like a cheap bag of potato chips they found in the street. spongebob: cheap bag of potato choo wait a minute, which way to the nearest phone booth. triton: theres one behind that rock over there, but i don't see why... spongebob:  patrick. patrick: hey, you'll never guess what i found on the street  yeah, i'll hurry   spongebob: oh patrick, you made it, this is the magical lock i was talking about,  patrick: hmmm spongebob: yeah, i tried for hours and hours but i just can't get it to... patrick:  open. spongebob: wow, all ready, patrick you know i'll never figure out how you do those so darn fast. patrick: i just peel the stickers of the squares and put them back on in the right spaces spongebob: amazing. triton: say, now this silly old cage is open, why don't we pay my old man a visit. hate to keep him waiting on his birthday.  you guys coming or what. spongebob: wow. patrick: are you going to take us for a ride. triton: a ride, thats a great idea  triton: you guys don't mind if pull over for a second. spongebob: sure triton, what do you need to use, the bathroom. triton: no, to tell you i don't need you any more.  patrick: what an interesting man  mr. krabs: ready for a room temperature krabby patty yet. neptune: nope  squidward: careful, this is made out of imported wood, imported all they way from the junk pile out the back. mr. krabs: neptune is inconsolable, if only there where something to distract him from his pain. squidward: the only thing that can usually do that is something that causes more pain. mr. krabs: great idea, go and play them another song.  neptune:  he's back amphitrite: oh, how...nice. squidward: if pleases the king, i would like to perform a...  squidward: what the. neptune: behold. mr. krabs:  what he say. squidward: i think he wants us to look at the o my.  frank: that was incredible. monica: yeah, definitely worth the five bucks. neptune: son..  neptune: son, i demand to know the meaning of this impudent imprisonment. triton: well it turns out you where right old man, being trapped in that cage all those years with nowhere to go but up here made me realize something, dabbling in the world of mere mortals is totally lame. neptune: and this is how you intend on showing it. triton: no man, this is how.  hahaha neptune: by flying through the roof. monica: that was triton, neptune's son. frank: i thought he was in reform school or something.  purple fish: can i have an autograph. triton: sure you can.  triton: nothing can stop me. hahaha  spongebob: what's happened here.hello, where is everybody. patrick: do you think triton was in that cage for a reason. spongebob:  the krusty krab.  patrick: it's still standing. spongebob: but look, that mail hasn't been picked up today. patrick: right spongebob: we better use the secret entrance.  spongebob: be very very quiet. patrick: gotcha pall  what.  mr. krabs: please. i'll be ruined. neptune: don't worry mr. krabs, no one was going to pay for them anyway  spongebob: oh, this is terrible patrick: tell me about it, i never get free food here. neptune: son, hear my words, i can understand if you want to keep me locked up in this cage and set me, but see it in your heart to release these others as they are innocent. well, maybe not all of them  triton: sorry old man, you lost me up in the hear in my words part. patrick: he's unstoppable. spongebob: only as long as king neptune is locked up. patrick: you thinking what i'm thinking. spongebob: yeah, triple gooberry sundays tonight after we free them. patrick: ah no, but i like your idea better. spongebob: make ready the disguise.  triton:  hehe. spongebob: okay, now.  neptune: please, no more. spongebob: quick patrick, unlock it before he sees us patrick: you got it spongebob, scootch back a little.  excuse me spongebob: hurry up patrick, he's getting bored patrick: don't rush me. okay got it.  triton: hehe, i was just kidding man no no, please, iii never meant to... neptune: son i have tried all my life to be gentle, but this time you have.. are you responsible for all this destruction.. triton: don't send me back to the cage man, iii... neptune: the cage. why son you have just given me the best 5000th birthday present i ever received. you finally learnt to use your god powers. now i know when my reign comes to a close, i'll have a worthy successor and that's all i could really hope for as a king  and as your father come here.  triton: aww dad, i love you man.   neptune: now lets go home son.  amphitrite: too do loo.  mr. krabs: neptune and friends wait. what about the party. what about me restaurant. neptune:  ow, yes. many thanks whoever you are. it was the best day i could of ever hoped for and it's all because of your little boy there. none of this would've happened if it wasn't for his actions.  spongebob: did you hear that, neptune this was all because of me. patrick: well spongebob that's... sadie: did you hear that, neptune said it was all because of that guy.  policeman: he did,did he. patrick: ahh, spongebob. spongebob: yes patrick. patrick: do you think now's a good time to get those triple gooberry sundays you where talking about. spongebob: i think now would be an excellent time, yes.  ) )