spongebob:  boy, i can't wait to show sandy my new karate moves,  oh, sandy, aaah...  sandy is in trouble, don't worry, sandy, i'm coming to save you.  fuzzy acorns: who is this intruder that fails to attack me. sandy: that's my friend: spongebob squarepants spongebob: whoa...what was that stench. fuzzy acorns: that is what we in karate call the smell of death. spongebob:  you know kahratay. sandy: he just doesn't know karate, he is karate.  he is the legendary karate master, fuzzy acorns. fuzzy is here to test me for the highest belt in karate. spongebob: but sandy, you already have a black belt. sandy: yes but there's one even higher than that.  the blacker belt. spongebob: gee...i wish i had a karate belt fuzzy acorns:  if you want a belt, you must earn it. spongebob: okay. how do i do that. fuzzy acorns: you got caught in the eyes. what do you think i'm here for.. spongebob: hm. fuzzy acorns: i am the mighty oak, and you are but a sapling. spongebob: um...sorry. i'm confused. fuzzy acorns: i am here to separate that wheat from the chaff. no.  that last one usually works... sandy: what fuzzy is trying to say is that he is here to judge whether anyone is worthy of getting a karate belt or not. spongebob: but how can anyone ever truly know whether he or she is worthy. fuzzy acorns: it is simple. i conduct a series of tests, and if you pass,  i'll give you a belt that shows you know karate.  fuzzy acorns: the first test is simple. split a log with one hand chop, like so.  your turn,  karate man. spongebob:  mmmmm. yeah, okay. fuzzy acorns: please proceed. spongebob: okay. prepare to see the split of your life.   fuzzy acorns: mastery of this test will show me you're ready for the next level of karatedom.  alright, your turn.  spongebob: in turn i will.  fuzzy acorns: just do the thing with the thing please.  we shall settle this on the battlefield tomorrow. you two will fight each other. if i see you have the skill of real handtohand combat, i will award you with karate belts.  otherwise, you get nothing.  spongebob: oh, wait. sensei. fuzzy acorns: no more talk. only do. sandy:  better run on home and practice spongebob. see you tomorrow.   narrator: early the next morning... spongebob: my match.  i can't get outta here. gary: meow... spongebob:  thanks gary. gary: meow meow.  fuzzy acorns: where is the soft one.. that match starts in... right now. spongebob: here...i'm right here... i've readied myself...into a full state of readiness...and i am ready...to be ready...i'm so tired...i'm so tired...so very tired... sandy: you sure you want to do this buddy. fuzzy acorns: enough talk. if you want your belt, you gonna have to tussle it out. so let the match begin...  spongebob: alright. brace yourself sandy. 'cause it's about to get rough and tumble. sandy:  okay, spongebob. you gotta catch me first.  fuzzy acorns: most impressive, sandy. but i am here to evaluate spongebob.  let's see what he can do on the offensive.  spongebob: okay sandy.  prepare for my finishing move. i call it the sleeper.  sandy: huh. fuzzy acorns: very good, sandy. you put your opponent to sleep in under a minute.  too bad your opponent didn't put up a fight. i was prepared to give you the lowest of belts,  the clear belt.  but now i realize you're unfit to wear a belt of any kind, including the one that holds up your pants...  sandy: don't be disappointed, spongebob. a belt isn't the most important thing in karate. spongebob: easy for you to say sandy. your pants aren't down right around your ankles. fuzzy acorns:  and i'm revoking your black belt. sandy: hey. you can't do that. fuzzy acorns: oh yes i can. for wasting my time bringing me this sorry, excuse for a student... stick to something you're good at son. spongebob: yes sensei... sandy: that was pretty lowdown, fuzzy. the way you humiliated my friend. fuzzy acorns: the spongeone will never earn his belt. sandy: i know spongebob will impress you if you give him one more chance. fuzzy acorns: silence. no more chances. sensei never gives two chances. if you really want to impress me, show me where i can get a decent meal around here. lunch time approaches. sandy: that's it. i'll take him to the krusty krab and then he might just find himself impressed by a certain sandwich maker. fuzzy acorns: who're you talking to.  squidward: come on, spongebob. what's wrong with you.. get grilling. spongebob: squidward i...i failed my karate exam... squidward: sigh...which is why i keep telling you: never try anything new, ever. stick to what you're good at. and stick to it soon. spongebob: stick to what i'm good at. hey, squidward's right.  sandy: you sure you don't need an air helmet. fuzzy acorns: this won't take long. fuzzy has trained himself to go hours without air.  sandy: how about them moves. fuzzy acorns: pretty okay...for a fry cook. squidward: spongebob. twenty more orders here. spongebob: twenty. got it squidward.  sandy: well, that took some agility. fuzzy acorns: simple parlor tricks.  yah, a kungfu charlatan.  sandy: now you're convinced. fuzzy acorns: i've seen better. sandy: hey, spongebob. i like my patty in twelfths please. spongebob: okay. there you go sandy. fuzzy acorns: huh.. may have squishy boy is more skilled than i first thought. sandy: told ya. fuzzy acorns: not so fast, squirrel cheeks. the only way to truly know is to test him myself.  harold: hey, waiter. an empty plate.. spongebob:  oh. i forgot the fries.  fuzzy acorns:  now, i see you're a skilled opponent. with a coldblooded heart of a warrior. spongebob:  sigh...you little krabby patties are so cute. hmm...something's not right here.  it's the onions. they've gone bad.  fuzzy acorns: he's on the offensive.  time for you to end this.  sandy: that's showing him, spongebob.  you gonna give him a belt fuzzy. or have you not had enough yet. fuzzy acorns: you brought me to the dance, but the universe is cutting in. sandy: huh. spongebob:  okay, looking good. fuzzy acorns: spongeman.  smell the vibrations.  spongebob: make the fires. i almost forgot.  squidward: more patties. spongebob: grilling them now.  your fries, sir.  and your fries, sir. ketchup.  oops.  got it. gasp. fuzzy. sandy: oh no. spongebob: sensei fuzzy. you okay. fuzzy acorns: i was wrong about you spongebob. you have bested fuzzy, with your karate greatness.  you are now a karate master. spongebob: for me. thanks fuzzy. fuzzy. you look terrible.  sandy, what's wrong with fuzzy. sandy: i know what he needs. he just needs this. fuzzy acorns: no more talk, only do. sandy my dear, for holding your own against the sponge, you have truly proven yourself worthy of the blacker belt.  sandy and spongebob: thanks fuzzy.  fuzzy acorns: why must the universe confound me so..  ) )