spongebob: patrick. guess what came in the mail today. patrick: oh. what..  spongebob: this...  patrick: mermaid man and barnacle boy lost episode. stick it in.  spongebob and patrick: gagagaga. chorus: faster then light. prepared to stop crime. it's mermaid man and barnacle boy. spongebob and patrick: yeah. chorus: if you're in a jam, it's mermaid man and barnacle boy. fish head: the adventures of mermaid man and barnacle boy. tonight's episode: the secret meeting.  deep in the mercave, something strange takes mermaid man's attention. barnacle boy: the dirty bubble. what's he doing at the bus stop. mermaid man: looks like he's got a oneway ticket to bikini bottom, and there's only one thing he could be up to in bikini bottom, barnacle boy. barnacle boy: that's right, mermaid man. mermaid man and barnacle boy: evil.  dirty bubble: haherhaherherherher.  fish head: the terrible man ray. dirty bubble: hm, so glad you could make it. man ray: i wouldn't miss this for the world, dirty. hahahahah. fish head: the most powerful of all crustaceans, it's jumbo shrimp. its the atomic flounder. the abomination of a nuclear experiment gone horribly wrong. and the terror of the sewers, the man eating sinister slug. dirty bubble: we join forces at last. mermaid man: it's worse than i could have imagined. a team up. dirty bubble: welcome to the bgatfbc.  everyone: muhahahahahahahha.  mermaid man: april third, 12 of noon. that's tomorrow. barnacle boy: holy...  patrick: hey. spongebob: hehehe. don't worry. i can fix it.  deeae.  barnacle boy: great guppies, mermaid man. we gotta do something. mermaid man: not so fast, little flipper. we are far too outmanned. but fear not. we are always one step ahead of evil. fish head: our hero of the bride puts up a call. mermaid man: to the ocean's greatest heroes. lady:  mermaid man: yeah, i can hold. fish head: meanwhile, a sinister horde congregates outside hotel evil. dirty bubble: right this way, gentlemen.  jumbo shrimp: hey, what's going on in here. dirty bubble: huh. oh, i'm dreadfully sorry, gentlemen, you must be in the wrong room. this room is reserved for the b.g.a.t.f.b.c. mermaid man:  that's funny. i thought it was aside for the i.j.l.s.a. dirty bubble: i.j.l.s.a. what in coral caverns is that.  all bad guys: mermaid man and barnacle boy. mermaid man: that's right.  now, before you have to say goodbye, say hello to some friends.  the elastic wasteband. barnacle boy: greet the hottest crime fighter in the country.  professor magma. professor magma:  mermaid man: the illusive miss appear.  and the piright ponderer with his hairnet of knowledge. piright ponderer: do we really exist. mermaid man: together, we are the international justice league of super acquaintances. dirty bubble: let's get em boys.  jumbo shrimp: do not tussle with the b.g.a.t.f.b.c.  piright ponderer: violence resolves nothing. man ray:  good night, balloon boy.  miss appear: professor magma. catch.  barnacle boy: step aside, you copious cod. my beef is with the bubble. mermaid man: careful barnacle boy. he's got nuclear touch. atomic flounder: raaaa.  barnacle boy: nuclear touch. spongebob and patrick: aaahh. patrick: i can't watch.  mermaid man: fracturing furniture. hang tight buddy.  mermaid man: hang in there, my daring deputy.  facehand: your daring deputy is nothing right now. but i'd be happy to pass along out the message. if he ever wakes up that is.  mermaid man: swirling shrimp. that fiend has taken control over barnacle boy. elastic waistband: what do we do, mermaid man. mermaid man: i'm glad you asked.  i believe that if the atomic flounder were to touch that wretched growth, it would cause a chain reaction, reversing the polarity, and the molecular level, restoring barnacle boy to his natural state.. does that sound about right, professor magma.  handface: you'll never do it. you don't have the moxie. mermaid man: that's what you think, curd.  shield.  ha, ha, ha.  spongebob: look out, mermaid man.  mermaid man:  sinister slug: grrrr.  spongebob and patrick: yay.  mermaid man: the sinister slug's slime has got you stationary and stiff. which means, your time is up, hand.  handface: not nuclear touch.  barnacle boy: great gravy. what just happened. mermaid man: i'll tell you about it later, now let's take out the trash. piright ponderer: please, you can use my hairnet of knowledge. mermaid man: thank you ponderer. dirty bubble: no. no. you guys don't understand. it's not what you think.  mermaid man: you really thought you were going to get away from it, did you. first up, villains, what does bgatfbc. man ray: it stands for the bad guys all together for book club. mermaid man: book club. you mean you weren't going to destroy a library or something. man ray: why would we do that. we're almost to the new chapter. atomic flounder: what are you going to do, lock us up for reading. jumbo shrimp: yeah. you can't prison us for reading. mermaid man: that's right. remember kids, no one can imprison you for reading.  patrick: hey, what happened. why are those squiggles on the screen. spongebob: those are called "end credits," patrick. patrick: end credits. but i don't want it to end. spongebob: that's why neptune gave us the rewind button.  patrick: thank you neptune.  ) )