spongebob and patrick: one, two, three, four... patrick: i declare a thumb war.  patrick: huh. spongebob: yah. spongebob and patrick:  patrick: now that was a great thumb war, mister. spongebob: it was patrick, but now we will let peace prevail. let us sign this treaty, and our thumbs will live in harmony. spongebob and patrick:   spongebob: great job, patrick.  patrick: gee, thanks, spongebob. that means a lot. spongebob: wow, giving someone a thumbsup feels great.  customer: boy, these krabby patties are delicious. other customer: i'll say. they're absolutely stupendous. spongebob: well, you guys are stupendous customers.  customer:  that thumbsup really touched my heart. other customer: yeah, me too. it's like there's a thumbprint of happiness on my aorta.  spongebob: flipping. mr. krabs: spongebob, you shifty seaslacker, have you counted the cups like i told to do. spongebob: i sure have, mr. krabs. spongebob: five. but thanks for being on top of the situation. you're a fantastic boss.  mr. krabs: well, thank you. that's nice of you to say. mr. krabs: now back to work. spongebob: yes, sir.  spongebob: ...  squidward: oh, spongebob, do you have one of your precious thumbsup for me. i would just love to get one.  spongebob: no, squidward, i do not have a thumbsup for you. spongebob: i've got two thumbsup.  squidward: oh. that's...thank you. i think. spongebob:  whoo. spongebob: hey, sandy, i'm giving your outfit two thumbsup.  sandy:  this old thing. it's just something i threw on. spongebob: well, girl, you really make it work.  sandy: okay. driver: excuse me, i'm trying to find the goo lagoon and i'm totally lost. spongebob: great job on not being afraid to ask for directions.  driver: hm... that way. okay. spongebob: you got the right stuff, golden boys.  sandy: spongebob, don't you think that you may be using the thumbsup just a teensy bit too much. spongebob: are you kidding.  spongebob: the thumbsup is an iconic, internationallyrecognized sign of positivity and affirmation. boop. sandy: yeah, i know. but when you do it all the the thumbsup loses its meaning. it becomes not special. spongebob: well, i happen to think you can never give too many thumbsup.  sandy: i don't know, spongebob. i think you should be careful. spongebob: oh, sandy, don't be such a worry whale. spongebob: what could do wrong.   spongebob: ah.  whoo, i'm giving away thumbsup today. spongebob: hey, guy. way to wait.  fish guy: who, me. spongebob:  fish guy: yeah...  spongebob:  spongebob: hey, guy. way to walk.  fish guy:   spongebob: oh, this feels great. spongebob: way to flick that eye booger  thumbhawk two: thumbhawk one. thumbhawk one. this is thumbhawk two. we got two thumbs down. repeat. two thumbs down. thumbhawk one: thumbhawk one here, copy that. initiate emergency procedures. thumbhawk two: initiating on my count. three, two, one. thumbhawk one and two:  spongebob: my thumbs. my thumbs. my thumbs.... spongebob: how's it looking, dr. manfish. dr. manfish: well, i'm afraid it doesn't look good, spongebob. it seems you've severely damaged your ulnar collateral ligament, possible from some kind of repeated action. spongebob: an action like a thumbsup. dr. manfish: certainly that is one possibility. hitchhiking could be another. spongebob: but doctor, i will be able to use my thumbs again, right. dr. manfish:  spongebob, i can't say that for certain. i'm only a board certified thumbologist. i don't know everything. i can only say that we must give it time and see. there are limits to science. but you should prepare yourself for the possibility that you may never regain the use of your thumbs again.  mr. krabs: all right, you boneless invertebrate lazy bones...  come on. mr. krabs: flip them patties, boyo, just like the old days. spongebob: aye aye, mr. krabs. squidward: uh, let me give you a hand. my thumbs work. spongebob: no. i can do it.  mr. krabs: i'm sorry, son, but i have a business to run. i'm gonna have to let you go. spongebob: that's okay, mr. krabs. i understand. mr. krabs: now where's me new fry cook. mr. krabs: there he is. come on in here. patrick: uh, sorry, spongebob. spongebob: patrick, i'm glad it's you. better than some weird stranger, right. patrick: uh, yeah, i guess. i probably won't even be able to do good flipping. spongebob: with a little practice, you could do anything.   oh... all:  spongebob: oi' patty flippin' patties. who'd a' thunk it, huh. customer: poor kid.  .thumbs are opposable, thumbs are great. we share 'em with the monkeys and with the apes. you can grab, you can tie, you can pinch a cheek. but without your thumbs you're all thumbs. all thumbs, no thumbs, busted up your thumbs. sucking on your pinky will sure look dumb. you can never hitch a ride or pull out a plum. without your thumbs you're all thumbs. all thumbs, no thumbs, fells like a crime. can't pull up a zipper or flip a dime. and forget about chopsticks you'll starve every time. without your thumbs you're all thumbs. thumbs, thumbs, thumbs, thumbs, thumbs, thumbs, thumbs, thumbs. without your thumbs you're all thumbs.. sandy:  spongebob. it's me, sandy.  hey spongebob. i haven't seen you in days, whatcha doin'. spongebob: waiting for autumn. sandy: come now, it can't be that bad. spongebob: leave me sandra, forget you ever knew me. erase from your memory the face of this useless sponge. with these......mutilated thumbs. sandy:  don't give up spongebob. you have to find something you love. something to live for. spongebob: and what might that be. sandy:  i don't know spongebob. that's a question you have to answer for yourself.  spongebob: sandy. sandy. sandy come back.  i need you to help me open this jar of peanut butter.  enough sitting around feeling sorry for myself.   patrick: uhhhhhh, turn over.  spongebob: my thumbs are better and i am ready to work. patrick: the job's taken. spongebob: well i'm taking it back. patrick: just how are you gonna do that. spongebob: thumb war. patrick:  ungaw. spongebob and patrick: one, two, three, four. i declare a thumb war.  patrick: admit it. you have been bested. spongebob: never.  patrick: then prepare to be pinned. sandy: don't give up. something to live for.  customers: something to live for.  customers: woooaaahh.  spongebob: yeeeaaahh. sandy: spongebob wins.  mr. krabs: spongebob, you old patty junkie. welcome home son.  patrick: it's okay, i hate work anyway.  spongebob: oh patrick. patrick: no really, i do hate work.  everybody's laughing. oh hey spongebob, i got something for ya. spongebob: yes patrick.  ) )