spongebob:  sorry about this, barnacles, but it's spring cleaning time.  barnacle: i forgive you.  barnacle: i take it back.   squidward: there, my masterpiece.  what theah.  squidward: ah, perfect.  no.  what is that menace up to now.  how many  spongebob: whoa. whoa. squidward: will you please turn that thing  spongebob: oh, hey, squidward.  spongebob: what are you saying.  kids: yay. spongebob: i can't hear you over the hose noise. hold on, i'll turn it off.  kids: aww.   spongebob: what'd you want to tell me, squidward. squidward: turn off the hose. spongebob: i already did. here, i'll turn it back on just for you. squidward: no, no, no, wait  spongebob: yep, it was off. how'd i do. squidward: horrible. everything you do is horrible. i wish you would just move away already. spongebob: move away. but squidward, i like it  did you see that. huh, i wonder what's making me sneeze. squidward:  ahh.  probably all the barnacle dust you kicked up. spongebob: oh, squidward, that makes no sense. who ever heard of dust making you sneeze. squidward: oh, fine, maybe you're allergic to your pineapple. spongebob:  you can't be allergic to a house.  or could youno.  squidward:  oh, why do i even bother trying to explain things to him. of course you can be allergic to a house. i ju wait. you can be allergic to a house.   squidward: gary, no, no, no, no.  spongebob:  aw, playtime, that's nice. squidward: not the face.   gary: meow. spongebob: good morn  good mor  good  good morning, gary.  spongebob: ow. squidward: you okay in there, spongebob.  spongebob: oh, morning  morning, squidwa  squidward: oh my, having a little sneezing fit are we. spongebob:  yeah, i think you were right. i must be allergic to my house.  squidward: oh, that's too bad. i guess you'll have to move. spongebob: move. squidward: yes. you can't stay here or your allergy will just get worse.  hey, look at that. spongebob: look at what.  squidward: see. your allergy is already getting worse. spongebob: butbut where will i go. squidward: don't worry, spongebob. i'll help you find a great new home... far away from here. spongebob: but, squidward, i love this old pineapple. we've had a lot of good times together.  spongebob: whee.  spongebob:  oh, squidward, my sneezing is getting worse. i'll miss my pineapple, but i guess you're right. i ha  i have to move. squidward: now you're talking. trust me, you'll feel so much better when you're clear of me  ...your pineapple. spongebob: squidward, you're a good friend. squidward: i know.  the scene changes to spongebob and squidward walking down the streets of bikini bottom.] squidward: this would make a great new house, what do you think. spongebob: hmm... painty: .ohh... who lives in a banana under the sea children: spongebob squarepants.  dream spongebob:  whoa.  spongebob: i don't know. squidward: how about this spicy number. painty: .ohh... who lives in a hot pepper under the sea children: spongebob squarepants. dream spongebob:  spongebob: hot listing, but no. squidward: well, there's a yummy one. spongebob: mmm. painty: .ohh... who lives in a chicken parmesan hero under the sea children: spongebob squarepants.  dream spongebob: he he.  spongebob: nope.  squidward: how 'bout this one. spongebob: not bad, but let's think outside the box.  squidward: okay, so that's a no. i think i know what you're looking for.  squidward: how about this for space. spongebob: hey, what's this lever do.  spongebob:  automatic balconies.  squidward, watch this. squidward: wait, wait, no, no, no.  spongebob: hey, squidward, this is great. what does this button do.  that's what it does.  spongebob: aww, why couldn't i live in that last place. squidward: oh, that house was too dangerous for you.  ow. besides, it was just a house. but this is a castle with a moat and everything.  spongebob: it's a long way from bikini bottom. squidward: i know. spongebob: huh. squidward: i mean, don't worry about it. it's a short 11hour commute to the krusty krab from here. spongebob: well, i don't know, squidward. it doesn't seem like the safest neighborhood.  squidward: all right, spongebob, this is the last house on my list, but i think it's got everything you're looking for. what do you think. spongebob:  i don't know. it doesn't look like much.  spongebob and squidward: wow. spongebob: pretty.  squidward: this place is amazing.  it's like living in the future. spongebob: ooh, check out these cool stairs.  whee. squidward: uh, spongebob. spongebob: whee.  spongebob: squidward. squidward.  this place is awesome. squidward:  yeah, it is, isn't it. spongebob: i can't believe i get to live here. it's so much cooler than your house. squidward: you're right. this place is way too cool for you. spongebob: wait, what. squidward: i mean, living in a place like this can put a lot of pressure on a guy. the constant attention you get, and all the fabulous parties you'd host.  squidward: eh. fish #1: oh, it's quite good.  fish #2: certainly worthy of this house. fish #3: indeed.  squidward: not to mention all the covers of "cool calamari" you'd have to pose for.  no, i can't let you go through that, spongebob. so i tell you what, i'll live here for you. spongebob: yeah, but where will i live. squidward: you can have my old house. spongebob: really. that is so nice of you. that way, i'll be one house closer to patrick. squidward: great, it's a done deal. so if you don't mind, i have a lot of settling in to do.  byebye. spongebob: okay, so i guess i'll see you la   squidward:  now this is how i was always meant to live.  bedtime.  oh, a built in alarm clock. hoo, this place has got it all.   squidward:  huh. whawhat's happening. timer: 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5... squidward: oh, no. it's not an alarm clock. it's a countdown. timer: 4, 3, 2, 1...  squidward: huh. whatwhat theuh. that was horrible.  but this is even worse.  spongebob:  doink. now this really feels like home.  spongebob: squidward, you dropped in for a visit. squidward: i am not visiting. this is my house and i want it back.  spongebob: sorry, squidward, but you gave it to me fair and square... pants.  besides, if i move out now, i have no where to go. squidward: okay, fine, i'll just take your old pineapple. huh.  patrick: sorry, squidward, but this is my house now.  squidward: well, then, where am i supposed to live.  spongebob: night, squidward. squidward:  ow. ) )