 oner, and 0.7% like the jolly pastry chef.  how long will you be staying at the palmwoods.   i'm gonna be myself.    that never works.   now, this should make it all better.  ah.  okay, what seems to be the problem.  the problem is that i'm here when i need to be at the palmwoods impressing the girl of my dreams.  it sounds serious.  i'm prescribing one does of black bolero jacket and 100 ccs of tight pants.  awesome.  he needs to stop sneezing so that he can sing.  it sounds like roseanne barr syndrome: the irreversible deterioration of the glands resulting in pain so severe, it can only be relieved by the sweet mercy of death.   are you sure it's not pollen.  pollen. of course.  james, are you afraid of receiving giant shots.    here i am, there you are      next to you is where i should be   sounds nice.   why are you here.  katie has a report for school.  i'm supposed to do it on somebody i admire, and i picked you.  oh, that is so sweet.  i'm busy.  hey, she admires you.  and would it kill you to be nice for once.  she can stay and ask four questions.  go easy on him.  do you really admire me.  no, but if i picked eleanor roosevelt, i'd have to read a bunch of stuff.  smart.  first question.  your song is lame.  that is not a question.       okay.  we'll draw palm leaves to see who gets to ask her out first.  short one wins.  my turn.  the other one.  logan, give it. uhuh.  i've never had a girlfriend.  ah.  oh, yes.  stand back, boys, and watch the bad boy get the pretty girl.  hi, i'm jo.  cool jacket.  oh, are you going out for the bad boy role inmagic middle school.  i mean, it's a really strong role, but i hate bad boys in real life.  i mean, why so angry all the time.  yeah.  poor old chap.  he's in a bit of a sticky wicket.  i'm sorry. i didn't get your name.    reginald salisbury from england.  whahow exciting.  oh, my family visits there every year.  what part of england are you from.  uh, cheerio.  put another shrimp on the barbie.  danke schon.  you stole my bit.  she smells so nice, and i panicked.  she will be mine.  oh.  camille, not now.  please, not now.  of course i'll take you back.  i'm gonna tell rachel we're back together and that i will destroy anybody who tries so come between us.   one tree hill.  yeah, let's go with that.  ..    whaa.  i get a doover.  no, you don't.  was camille a good kisser.  ..  pleasantly surprised.  okay, boys.  now it's my turn.      aah. hockey pucks.    any kind of guy you want    that's the guy i'll be    this song is terrible    it's terrible   don't you have to be in love to write a love song.  i mean, you're not wearing a wedding ring, and don't you hate every living thing.  you don't need love to write a love song.  you need passion.  you replace what your passionate about for love.  okay, so that song is about a sandwich.  i don't know what this song is about.  songs usually come to me.  but this one is not.  "gustavo doesn't know how to write a song " finished.  sit down.  this song's gonna be great.  i'll show you.  freight train.  dogs. now.  you got it.  can i borrow him sometime.  no, you cannot.  look, i'm not sneezing anymore, so ii guess i can go back to the palmwoods now, and i definitely need that shot.   james, it's not gonna hurt a bit.  it's gonna hurt a lot.   stay back. i'm not afraid to use this.  barracuda man spray.  now in new spice lime.  better wear your 'cuda.  unbelievable.  is there anything besides that shot that get him to stop sneezingtoday.  hmm, there is one thing that might work.  do you think i need a chin implant.  so we were thinking, you definitely need a girl strategy.  so try this.   yeah.  thanks, but i think i'm gonna stick with the "be myself" strategy.  i told you we should have used the glue.  hi.  hi.  i just wanted to welcome you to the palmwoods.  ..  this looks weird, right.  uh, we can continue this conversation when my friend freight train puts me down.  oh.  we'll do this again sometime.  yes. yes.  whoo. whoo.  that is not fair.  i get a doover.  no, you don't.  this is fun.   any kind of guy you want    that's the guy i'll be    turn myself upside down    yes, i will, yes, i will    what was that.  what was that.  you told me to get him to stop sneezing, and i did.  but he can't sing.  and we have to sing this love song, because the record company wants a love song, and i still hate this song.  well, he refuses to take an allergy shot, and i'm not an nurse.  your yelling has improved.  but more like this: get him an allergy shot.  it's my fault, gustavo.   i need to do this.  i'll go get the shot.   what thei need a shot right now.  you know what, i'm gonna stay here.  i'm gonna stay. yeah, that's fine.  it's not that bad of a song.  in fact, if i was a girl and someone sang it to me, i'd be really touched.  how touched.  like go out with you touched.  if we sang this song to youif you were a girl.  yeah.   "so after a day trapped "within the soundproof walls of his studio, gustavo couldn't write the song that he wanted " report done.  your report and my song are not done.  release the hounds.  i need more time.   where's james.  well, we were in my car, then he jumped out, sprayed his entire body with man spray, jumped into a cab and shouted, "she will be mine.  " he's going to the palmwoods to steal our girl.       hello.   not the reaction i usually get.  but i'm james.  i'm in a band.  hi, i'm jo.  it's so nice to meet you.  hey, i was thinking maybe we could see a movie later on.   don't you think you should see a doctor first.  oh, because of my sneezing, right.  aah.  what happened to my hands.   are you wearing barracuda man spray.  yeah.  better wear your 'cuda.  you do know that stuff was recalled for causing severe allergic reactions, right.  aah.   kelly, pick me up.  i need that shot now.   i'm allergic to man spray, and you are not allowed to talk to her until i'm pretty again.   forget it.  i'm gonna sing her a song.  no, i am. no, i am.  no.   i was gonna sing a song and not you.  no. no.  ding. ding.  she left the pool.  all: she's gone.  yes, she went to an audition.  she usually returns at 5:30.   hey, tell me how you ended your report.  i can take it.  i'm a man.   "clearly past his prime "and with no life experience to reflect on, "gustavo couldn't finish the love song " that is so not cool.  my report is due tomorrow.  and so is my song, which i can't find.  you can help me.  have you ever loved something so much that you couldn't live without it.  my premium cable package.  i see your point.   try getting out of that box once in a while and live life.  that song is not in there, dude.  trust me.  would you like to join us for a sandwich.  can i come too.  sure.  shotgun.  give me a shot now.  i'm not afraid anymore, and i am not pretty under here, andand ..  pffft.  hey.  that wasn't that bad.  nice jacket.  what did you give him.  something for his panic attack.  were you not here.  he's got to sing a song.  hmm.  sing a song, sing a song, singasong shot.   singasong shot    oh, yeah.  okay, go now.  here is perfect.  well, shouldn't we wait for the other dudes.  change of plans. it's a solo now.  just strum like you've never strummed before.   here i am    there you are      next to you is where i should be   aah.  crash.  go on. go on.   something i want so bad    know what's inside your head    maybe i can see what you see   aaah.   i got to keep on believing    everything takes time    i'll make up any reason to make you mine    if you're staying or leaving    i'll follow your lead      open your eyes     i can be what you need    pick any kind of guy you want, girl    that's the guy i'll be    i'll turn myself upside down    yes, i will  no, i will.  i will. i will.  no, i will.  hey, guys.  guys.  great song.  but you should probably know that i have a boyfriend back home.  all: what.  but we can still be friends, right.  all: yeah.  well, that stunk.  no, that was amazing.  i know what this song is.  it's not a slow love song. it's a fast love song.  katie.  do not finish that report until i finish this song.  freight train, to the studio.   a little help.   uh, you told me you didn't have a boyfriend.  uh, i don't, but i can't deal with that every day.  oh, boys are stupid.  remember, logan's mine. got it.       here i am, there you are      next to you is where i should be    where i wanna be    something i want so bad    know what's inside your head    maybe i can see what you see    tell me what you see    i gotta keep on believing    that everything takes time    i'll make up any reason to make you mine    if you're staying or leaving    i'll follow your lead    so why keep pretending    open your eyes    i can be what you need   all:  any kind of guy you want, girl    that's the kind i'll be    turn myself upside down    yes, i will, yes, i will   all:  any kind of guy you want, girl    you know i'll agree    turn your whole world around    yes, i will,  yes, i will   all:  any kind, any kind any kind of guy you want    if you decide to change youmind   i will be there    won't you try one more try    be my favorite kind of girl    you decide    it's all right    i will be there    let me know if i'm getting through    making you understand    if it's wrong, i'll try something new    don't look away    'cause i'm here to stay    if it's a game, then i'm gonna play   all:  any kind of guy you want, girl    that's the kind i'll be    turn myself upside down    yes, i will, yes, i will   all:  any kind, any kind, any kind of guy you want    if you decide to change your mind    i will be there   i tell you i want a slow love song, ..  a hit.  yes.  but i still want a slow love song, and put the word "baby" in it.  yeah, that's good.  and what's your name.  freight train.  of course it is.   well.  "so, like all great artists, gustavo finds his music in life, " amazing.  " and we are not going to fight over girls anymore, right.   right.  we're gonna be civilized and only go after girls we meet alone and not together, agreed.   agreed.  hey.  i just arrived at the palmwoods.  can you tell me where the gym is.   it's past the pool and to the right.  great. thanks.  she's mine. she's mine.   ok.  ..  sometimes can be tricky.   girls are so easy to figure out.   like, when i was in the fourth grade, this girl named becky hummus said she had a crush on me.   like last year, this girl, alison fletcher, asked me out.   but becky didn't really like me.   but alison wasn't really into me.   she just knew that every day in my sack lunch i brought doodle cakes.   she was just trying to make her exboyfriend jealous.   i was being used.   i was being used.   that semester, she ate almost every doodle cake i brought to school.   then she got back together with her exboyfriend.   by the end of fourth grade, she weighed over 200 pounds.   i kind of missed alison, so i started making out with her sister.   and now, becky hummus wears gigantic pants.   i think her sister kisses even better.   you know, they make fat free doodle cakes now.   i wonder if they have a third sister. )