  hey, that "doof" with the stupid hair happens to be my husband.   oh, and that's my fault.   dude, what if the concert gets rained out.   oh, man.  okay, listen.  do not say that, all right, 'cause this concert cannot get rainedyou're a nerd.  how do you stop the rain.   you can't.   don't say can't.  l, hang on, let me get the rain fairy on the phone.   hey, what up, people.   it's raining outside.  there is water falling from the sky.   i know.   but you said clear skies.   i promise, this rain's going to blow over quick.   are you sure.   hey, i'm a professional weatherman.    oh.   what up with your hair.   what up with yours.   touch.   it's touchh.   hey, carly.   oh, hey you.   uhlucy, christine.   how goes it, drake.   it's been, you know did you cut your hair different.   uh, no.   hey, you know, he did, didn't he.   yeah, he did.   no, i got to talk to megan about the onion dip.   problem.   i told you to keep them apart.   i know.   then what happened.   i got them all together.   you are an evil, evil little girl.   hey, look who's catching on.   oh.   craig, eric.  would either of you guys like the last stuffed mushroom.   sure, i love stuffed mush back off.   i'll have that mushroom, mrs. parker.   do you see what's going on here.   no.   my girlfriend is over there talking to two of my exgirlfriends and they're giggling.  i mean, why are they giggling.   did you measure your mom yet.   okay, you can't date my mom.   i think that's up to her.    hello.  uh, yes, he is.   walter, it's your boss.   hello, mr. galloway.  uh, yes, sir.  uh, no, i did not predict rain.  well, ibutall right.  he wants me to go downtown and do a live weather broadcast.   outdoors.   uhhuh.   but it's pouring out.  oh, he can't make you he's my boss.  i got to go.   oh, dude, look at the rain.   this concert's not going to happen.   hey, come on, man, don't say that, all right.  do you know how important this concert is to us.  besides it's not even raining that hard out.  look, look, i think it's letting up.  i kind of got wet.   i'll get a towel.   i'm telling you, this concert's not going to happen.   oh.come on.  come on.  we still have a lot of time before the concert starts and walter promised that this storm will blow over, all right.  so let's just all calm down because ioh, walter.    they never got very far    walls up made sure i guarded my heart    and i promised    i wouldn't do this    til i knew it was right for me    but no one  no one    no guy that i met before    could make me  make me    feel so right and secure    and have you noticed    i lose my focus    and the world around me disappears    'cause when i'm kissing you my senses come alive    almost like the puzzle piece i've been tryna find    falls right into place you're all that it takes    my doubts fade away when i'm kissing you    when i'm kissing you    it all starts making sense    and all the questions i've been asking in my head    like are you the one    should i really trust    crystal clear it becomes when i'm kissing you    i've never felt nothing like this    you're making me open up    no point even tryna find this    'cause when i'm kissing you my senses come alive     okay, everybody.  the dwp said that the electricity could be out till tomorrk.  it's like voodoo.   hey, i'll just adjust the antenna and see if i can get a signal.   everybody, shh, shh.  let's listen.   let's now go to walter nichols in downtown san diego on storm watch.   mind if i stand here next to you.   i guess not.   sweet.   there've been winds reported at over 65 miles an hour, and as you can see, the rain is really coming down hard now.  it's actually hurting my face.   hey, josh.  josh, tell me what's going on.   i'm being told there's major flooding all throughout san diego, so everyone's being advised to stay indoors and off the street.  what else.  um, uh.  i'm very wet, and even my underwear is soaked through.   what happened to the picture.  you have to keep cranking it and my arm's getting tired.   i'll crank it.   hurry.   all right.  yells at meeats my mushroom well, i guess we're all stuck here till the streets unflood.   doesn't matter anymore.  that was josh.   they canceled the concert.   the whole stage is under water.   my uncle's got a boat.   yeah, well, that's great, gary.  why don't you climb into your uncle's boat and sail off to moron island.   hey.    so, drake.   completely.   no question.   so what were we talking about here.   oh, nothing.   yeah, don't worry about it.   yeah, just girl stuff.   oh, 'cause, see, i heard my name, and then some giggling.  so what were we talking about here.   oh, drake, don't be insecure.   yeah, you haven't changed a bit, have you.   same old drake.   yeah, same old me.  you know, so what were we talking about here.   can i please take a break.   you'll take a break when dora finds her way to the banana tree.  come on, dora.  it's right over there.   come on.   um, do you mind if we change the channel for just a second.  i'd like to see what's going on with my husband and the storm.   of course, mrs. parker.   channel seven.   yes, ma'am.   and i've been asked to report that flash flood warnings have been issued all throughout san diego and surrounding areas, which includeah, pardon me fellows.  i'm doing a live report here.  seriously, would you mind stepping out of the shot.   give us your shirt.   what.   we want your shirt.   and your coat.   give us your shirt and coat.   no.   why doesn't someone help him.   yes, what's wrong with people.   here's lisa lillian with part three of her expose on artichokes.  lisa.   excuse me.  do you mind if i go back to my program.   uh, sure, sure.   can i rest for ten seconds.   dora.   well, whatever.  how are we going to did you ever tell him.   no, you can't tell a guy that.   yeah, they freak out.   i know, you just got to let them think they are, you know, just keep them smiling.   yeah, i've been there.   i've been way there.   why are we squatting.   shh, i'm trying to hear what my girlfriend's talking about with my exgirlfriends.   i called my uncle.  he sold the boat.  hi, i'm gary.   gavin.   okay.   oh, would you guys get out of here.  hey.  so gary's uncle sold the boat.   really.   yeah, sojust tell me what you were giggling about.   mom, the roof's leaking.   oh, fantastic.  it's going to ruin the ceiling.   why don't you just make drake go up on the roof and fix the leak.   good call.  drake.   come on, dora.   you call yourself an explora.   hey, there's a leak in the roof and it's going to ruin the ceiling if we don't stop it.   yeah, i don't do things like that.   come on, look, there's a tarp in the garage, just go take it up on the roof, put it over the hole, then weigh it down.   all right.   okay, and be careful.   okay.   thanks.   hey, craig.   eric.   we got a serious leak in the ceiling over there.   oh, my.   yeah, so my mom wants you to go to the garage, grab the tarp, take it to the roof, put it over the hole, and weigh it down.   but it's pouring rain.  what if i slip and fall off the roof.   ah, all right.  there's rope in the garage, tie yourself to the chimney.  you'll be fine.   but i hurry.   okay.   come on, dora.  you're the one with the map.  don't ask me.   may i.   of course.   channel seven.   i know the drill.   it's still raining.  they took my shirt.  my cameraman has gone home.  the camera is on the tripod, and i'm alone.  i'm cold.  there is no restroom nearby, and it's just awful out here.  absolutely awful.  walter nichols.  channel seven news.  just awful.   oh, my poor baby.   hey.   hi, gavin.   candlelight.  kind of romantic.  i was thinking when this storm's overwangs, split some moo shoo.   aah.   what was that.   help me.  help me. help me.  i'm in a predicament.  drake told me to tie myself to the chimney, but it didn't work.   hey, craig fell off the roof.   i'm eric.   i got to go help him.   don't move.    all right, i can't take it anymore.  i want to know what you guys were talking about and why it made you giggle.   drake, calm down then told me what you guys are giggling about.   well, you're the current girlfriend.   tell him.   okay, we were giggling because we were talking about guys who were good kissers and we all agreed that you're the best.   yeah, but you know what, i don't think that that'sreally.   uhhuh.   you got serious lip talent.   it's true.   so i'm, like, a really awesome kisser.   oh, yeah.   pretty much.   yeah.   wow.   so now that we told you yeah.   which one of us is the best kisser.   huh.   come on.   it's only fair.   yeah, tell us.   well, come on, would youwould you really want to ask me when you could ask someone so much more like ryan seacrest.    come on, dora, it's right behind you.    it broke.  the crank broke.   great, now we don't even have a little tv, and we're all stranded here with nothing to do.   nothing to do.  what do you think people did before they had electricity and crankable televisions.  come on.  now, i want all the females in this room to do this.  yeah, keep doing that.  now boys, when they pause, i want you to clap like this.  yeah, that's nice.  yeah, that's nice.  that's really nice.  now, keep it doing that and listen to this.   buddy you're a boy    make a big noise    playin' in the street    gonna be a big man someday    you got mud on your face    you big disgrace    kickin' your can    all over the place   sing it.   we will    we will rock you    hey, sing it.   we will    we will rock you    rock you    go drake.   buddy you're a young man    hard man shoutin'    in the street    gonna take    on the world someday    you got blood on your face    big disgrace    wavin' your banner    all over the place    we will    we will rock you    hey, sing it.   we will    we will rock you    take it, nerds.    buddy you're an old man    poor man    pleadin' with your eyes    gonna make you some peace    someday    you got mud on your face    you big disgrace    somebody better    put you back into your place    we will    we will rock you    hey, sing it.   we will    we will rock you    uhhuh.   we will    we will rock you    we will    we will rock you   ]that's gogurt.  okay, who is shrek's best friend.  donkey.let's see.  ready for shrek forever after.  with foldtoreveal gameson 16 tubes of gogurt, prove you'rethe ultimate shrek fan.  ugh.  (] (]       female announcer: welcome tobrain surge, the only game show where you don't have to know anything to win.  here's your host, jeff sutphen.   whoa.  hey, what's going on. i am jeff.  and this isbrain surge: the show where you need a great memory and super concentration skills.  what do you say we meet today's brainiacs.  sabyr competes in beauty pageants.  is there a miss brain surgeon in her future.  i don't know.  celine likes horseback riding and playing tennis, apparently at the same time.  carson has been to mexico eight times.  noah is a mathematics champion.  jourdan really knows her a.b.c.s.  she can recite the alphabet backwards.  and nick likes to draw comic books.  one of you guys is going home a champion today plus have your chance at thousands of dollars in prizes plus a sliming from head to toe, courtesy me.  you'll be competing in three intense levels of brain game.  and this first level's gonna test your ability to see things quickly.  you're gonna use a special gamepod in front of you to lock in your answers the four of you with the most points are gonna advance to the second level whereas the other two, well, there's only one way out of here, and that's ..  all: the brain drain.   all right, are we ready.   are we ready.  let's do it.  i'm gonna go head over to the brain center so we can get this started.  let's go.  well, it looks like taking those ginormous head vitamins have paid off.  let's kick things off with a tenpoint puzzle.  shall we.  remember, pay close attention to these instructions.  i got a new timetraveling watch, but i haven't quite figured out how to use it yet.   pay attention to which dinosaurs chase me.   whoo.  got out of there just in the nick of time.  which dinosaur was not chasing me.  beep. beep. blink.  carson, correct me if i'm wrong, but don't you havea fossil collection.   no.   are you calling me a liar,carson.   yes.   okay.  well, then, let's seewhat the correct answer was.  the correct answer was four.  who got it right.  all right, noah, carson,and nick, jumping up to a tenpoint lead.  nice job, guys.  this next puzzle is worth 20 points.  here it comes.  when i'm not hosting the show, i moonlight as a magic fairy.  i draw pictures in the air with my wand, but they don't last for very long.  now, watch carefully as i draw a more complicated picture.  which of these pictures did i just draw.  beep. beep. blink.  who wants some of those sweet, sweet points.    let's seewhat the correct answer is.  oh, good, we get to see me again.  fantastic.  i will be honest though,i look good in red.  and it was number two,the cherries.  let's see who got it right.  carson, nick, and noah.  giving yourselfan additional 20 points bringing you up to 30 apiece.  celine, sabyr, and jourdan,still yet to get on the board.  but don't worry about it, 'cause this puzzle right hereis worth 30 points.   take a look at these numbers.  which number is the largest.  enter your answer now.  beep. beep. blink.  let's see what the correct answer is.  ding.  it was number one.  who got it right.   whoo.  all right, noah and carson are the only onesthat got it right.  here comes your fourth puzzle.  it's worth 40 points.   we're in between classes right now.  check out which locker does not get opened.  which locker did not get opened.  beep. beep. blink.  jourdan,do you have a picture of me in your locker by any chance.   um, maybe.   maybe.  what. are you tryingto barter with me.  like, there could be50 points in it for you.   yeah.  yeah.  meet me up after the show.  i'll get you a picture for the low, low price of free.   okay.  all right.  let's see what the correct answer is.   ding.  oh, there i am.  let's see who got it right.  everybody's getting it right.  40 points on me.  what do you say we give you 50 points for this next puzzle.  how's that sound.   awesome.   take a look at this.  this girl's about to call her four friends.  pay attention to the sounds the numbers make when she dials.  here's the first one.   here's the second one.   here's the third one.   and finally the fourth one.   now, she's about to call one of her friends back.  listen carefully to the sound the number makes when she dials.   which of her friends did she just redial.  beep. beep. blink.  show of hands.  who flat out guessed on that one.  okay.  two, three, four, maybe all.  let's see what the correct answer is.  ding.  oh, it's colleen.  let's see who got it right.  nick, noah, and carson, giving themselvesan additional 50 points.  i think it's timefor a scoring recap.  noah and carsonstill holdin )