  big adventureor a brandnew friend    when you're curiouslike curious george   swing.   well, every day  every day   is so glorious  glorious  george.   and everything  everything   is so wondrous  wondrous   there's more to explorewhen you open the door    and meet friends like this,you just can't miss    i know you're curious  curious  nd that's marvelous  marvelous   and that's your reward    you'll never be bored    if you ask yourself,"what is this."    like curious...    like curious...curious george.   oh...  captioning sponsored bynbc/universal narrator: the man with the yellow hat's hat was special, but what made it so special.  george, come on, it's time to go.  when i put my hat on, i'm all ready to head out the door.  huh.  what.  boo.   okay.  george, that was funny, but you know the rule.  no one is allowed to play with the yellow hat.  george sure liked that yellow hat.   george's cap just wasn't special.  i'd like to return these.  they were yellow, but...  after only one washing, ey turned saffron.  i have to make a big speech and i need to know my shorts are yellow.  ah...  like a hat of your own, george.  ooh... uhhuh.  well, which hat do you like.  george wanted a big, yellow hat, but there was only one of those in the world.  well, you could try different hats till you find what feels right for you.   so george began his quest for headgear.  hey, where's george today.  : didn't recognize ya.  that's not a city kid hat.  some hats are right for some people and some aren't.    george's friends didn't appreciate any of his headgear.    picking the right headgear was not easy.  what made the yellow hat so great.  ooh...   it was just plain fun.  george, i need to wear the hat for an important speech at the museum.  plea don't play with it.  aha.  that's what george wanted.  a fun hat that he could play with.  george wanted his fun hat to be more than just a normal hat.  he'd use his cap for shape.  he would need an opening...  ...because that would be his ice cream dispenser.  brr...  but it wasn't fun when it froze the top of his head...  and then melted and leaked.   ...and raisins instead of ice cream for a fun, healthy snackinahat.  oohooh.   hmm.  ah...  hmm...     charkie liked to chase things, so she liked the fun hat.  now, if he could just figure out what hundley would like.  aha.  hundley wasn't impressed with george's fun hat until he saw it had doors and dachshunds.    his dog friends were taken care of.  but, what would a cat like.   all of his friends liked the hat.  so george added more fun...  ...for himself.  and in conclusion, blahdeeblahdeeblah, et cetera, so forth and so on...   well, that's some hat.  and yellow.  : can i see.  uhhuh.  oh, boy, this is one fun hat.  uhhuh.  wow.  if i could of had a hat like this, i may never have gottenmyyellow one  that was the best thing anyone ever said to george.  uhuh.  you wantme to have it.  uhhuh.  this is the best thing anyone ever gave me.   oh... surprisingly comfortable.   you want me to wear it outside. uhhuh.  sure. why not.  good after... oh.  some chapeau.  george made it.  yeah.  huh.  having people see the man with the yellow monkey fun hat made george feel very proud.   hi, charkie.  oh. easy, girl.  oh, no. i'm late.  george, i've got five minutes to get to the museum for my speech.  ii have to make a good impression.    george was tempted to play with the yellow hat, but the man had asked him not not.  because he needed to wear it to give a very important speech.  huh..  uh...  at the museum.  oh...  oh, boy.  oh... oh...oh.  hi, george.  bye, george and if an apple traveling at the speed of light hits a static banana...  oh.   everyone's here already.  great.   uh... professor wiseman asked me to speak today about the scientific method.   of course, we've all heard the saying, "what goes around comes around." um... haven't we.  all: ooh...  um, did i say something wrong.  no, continue.  this is fascinating.  ooh.  what's stuck to my hat.  oh.  i'm wearing george's...    actually, ii can explain.  the scientific method is about thinking creatively, taking chances and being willing to fail.  and you made that point very dramatically.  i did.  oh, so modest.  now, where can i get a hat like that.  well, george made it.  iwant one.  i wanttwo.   and that's how george got his picture...  on the museum wall.  child: curious george is a monkeyboy: curious george is a monkey so he can do things that you can't.  girl: he was playing around with the man's yellow hat.  we are going to make hats from stuff in our junk box.  first, we are making drawings to design our hats.  boy: this is my design.  these are the binoculars.  i can't see through the binoculars, exactly.  so i'm putting tape under the binoculars so they're just staying in one place.  it's much more clear than it was before.  this is a tv hat.  we're watching the isabel show.  yeah.  this is my entertainment hat.  and my basic design is this.  the stick is holding up my holderupper holder.  then this is my tictactoe board.  i also have a water bottle, but it's kind of bringing too much weight to one side.  if you can see.  adrian is making a robot helmet.  it has working arms.  it's a little uncomfy.  that's scary.  we need to design before we build, because then, we know what to build.  narrator: on warm evenings, george always filled the bird feeder at bedtime.  time for bed, george.  okay.  that way, in the morning he woke up to the sound of happy birds.   huh.  oh...  huh..   empty.  birdsneverate the seeds thatfast.  hmm.  maybe a big bird gulped it all down first thing in the morning.   no. george would have noticed giant feathers in the neighborhood.  hmm.   hey, george. huh.  whatcha looking at.  oh, baby possum tracks.   short for "opossum." maybe you've never seen one 'cause they're nocturnal.   nocturnal animals are active at night when the rest of us sleep and the town is quiet.  oh.  i gotta finish my route. see ya.   a possum.  george wondered what a possum looked like, so the next night, he prepared for a stakeout.  since he might get hungry if it took a long time, he made himself a tuna fish and banana sandwich, and then he waited, with only the radio to keep him company.  man : are you ready to hearthe legend of the lake creature of lake wannasink lake.  uhhuhuhhuh.  well, it's said to roam the countryside the first full moon of every summer...  and that's tonight.  ooh...   huh.  aha.  was this a possum.  and if it was, was it all right.    well, it certainly had an appetite.  its tracks matched the others.  ah.  so thiswasa possum.  now that george had seen one, he could go to bed.  oh. haha.   hey.  back.  george told it to go home, but it didn't go.  maybe the baby possum was lost and needed help finding its family.  aww...  but george had no idea where the possum's family lived.  hmm.  the possum ate some bird food.  maybe it lived with birds in a nest.  ah.  man : so don't be surprised if you hear strange noises and see a creature with the head of a fish wandering through town.  : yeah, right.   oh.  : it's the lake creature.  george decided that possums and birds probably didn't live together.  bill: he was here, mr. quint.  and he tried to get in my window.  george thought he knew all the animals on renkins' farm, but maybe he only knew the day animals.    george had never seen a bird like this in the daytime.  it must be nocturnal, too.     the possum's family wouldn't live here.  it was too noisy.   when the cows had heard the bell they thought it was milking time.     clever.  it was as if the possum played dead when it wanted to be ignored.   ow.  did the possum's family live here.  huh.  : oh...   no, not in this log.  george felt bad about waking jumpy squirrel, but he had to move on.  then he got an idea.   "playing possum" had its uses.  quint: i got another call about the creature.  this time he stampeded cattle at renkins farm.  but let me reassure the kiddies that this is all in fun.  the creature's only a legend...  i hope.  george remembered that the possum liked fish sandwiches, so maybe it lived in water like beavers.  raccoons must be nocturnal, too.  oh.  but his possum showed no interest in living in water.  unless he lived in a boat.    quint.  that lake creature seems to be stealing our boat.  maybe this possum's family lived in town.  george held him high so he could help look.  quint: folks, remember the lake creature is just a fishermen's legend.  he doesn't exist. he...  except there he is.  he must be 12 feet tall and as terrifyin' as a shark holdin' a harpoon.  it was getting later and later, but george still hadn't found this possum's home.     he found more nocturnal creatures' homes.   he found daytime creatures' homes, too.  but he couldn't find the possum's home.  he was so tired he was imagining possums everywhere.  or was he.  hey.   the possum family lived in a tree.   byebye.  george.  kind of late for a stroll.  this has been quite an evening.  citizens reportin' night creatures.    george had seen night creatures, too.   bill was right.  there were a lot of them.    but bill was wrong about the town.  quint: lock your doors.  no telling where the creature will appear next.  asn't at all quiet at night.   night, george.  you sleep well.  george would sleep well.  and with the possum gone, he'd fill the feeder and wake to chirping birds.   man: morning, george.  time to get up.   george.  oh.  george learned one more thing about nocturnal creatures.  little animals that stay awake at night, sleep during the day.  child: george is a monkey, so he can do things you can'girl: george is a monkey, so he can do things you can't do.   boy: he was walking around at night, and he saw some animals.   we are at the arlington center for the arts, doing a play.  the play's calledthe creatures of the night.  amy is our theater teacher.  we're going to warm up our voices and our bodies.   the play is about animals who visit a camper.  when the sun goes down, and there are no kids in sight, )