  take care of the planet   i'm going to save water.   take care of the earth    reduce, reuse, recycle    the 3 rs work    think trash, think of 3 rs    reduce, reuse, recycle    reduce, you use less    reuse, don't throw out    recycle turns old stuff into new    take care of the planet    take care of the earth   so many flowers.   reduce, reuse, recycle    the 3 rs work    this program was made possible by: believe curiosity can fuel a lifetime of learning.  com early learning academy, proud sponsor of pbs kids and curious george.  funding forcurious george is provided by contributions to your pbs station...  ooh.  ...and from:   you never do knowwhat's around the bend    big adventureor a brandnew friend    when you're curiouslike curious george   swing.   well, every day  every day   is so glorious  glorious  george.   and everything  everything   is so wondrous  wondrous   there's more to explorewhen you open the door    and meet friends like this,you just can't miss    i know you're curious  curious   and that's marvelous  marvelous   and that's your reward    you'll never be bored    if you ask yourself,"what is this."    like curious...    like curious...curious george.   oh...  captioning sponsored byuniversal animation narrator: all winter, george loved playing with chef pisghetti's mobile, but when winter was over...  it's spring now, giorgio.  time to take this down.  huh.  oh.   springtime seemed like a bad excuse to get rid of something fun.  hmm.   so, why not make a new spring mobile.  what's more springlike than fresh fruit.  george thought his mobile had everything a mobile needs.  had he forgotten something.  woman: balance.  that's what you need.  like this.  eh.  oh.   man: wow.  great. well, that was something.  for our next demonstration of perfect balance, we need a volunteer from the audience.  hmm.  save it for the show, clare.  she means we can fix that.  tada.  ooh.  george wondered, whowerethese incredible fruit balancers.  chef pisghetti: zucchinis.   all: pisghetti.  giorgio, these are my friends the famous zucchinis.   woman #2: we came by to order food for our rehearsal.  our show is tonight.   molto bene.  i gonna deliver it myself.  zucchinis: thanks.  all: ciao.  when he woke up that morning, george had never heard of them, but now, all he wanted was to be an amazing balancing zucchini.  whoa.   being a cat, gnocchi didn't see what was so tough about balancing.  huh.  but george needed to see how the zucchinis did it.   you want to deliver this to the zucchinis for me.  uhhuh, uhhuh, uhhuh.   maybe you'd like to see them again because you want tobea zucchini, eh. uhhuh.   oh, i know, i know, i know.  because, giorgio, i too dream that i could be an amazing zucchini. whoa.  follow your dream, giorgio, but hurry up before the pizza get cold.  meow.   steve, come on.  work with me here.  aw, give it up, betsy.  you're too small to move a big brother like me.   hi, george.   hey, what do you got there.   mmm, smells good.  hey, what happened.  you moved closer and now it's like we weigh the same.  thanks, george.    hey.  ah, food.  sustenance.  that which gives us the strength to perform our amazing feats.  haha.  i think he wants to join us.  uhhuh, uhhuh, uhhuh, uhhuh.  it's not that easy.  it takes lots of practice to do things likus.  balance requires total controlahahah i never sneeze unless a...   a cat.    leo's allergic to cat hair and sneezing is very bad for his balance.  it would wreck our show.   gnocchi was determined to go back in there and watch what was going on.  or maybe lie in the sun.    leo made juggling look easy.  whoo.   hey. ugh.  okay, george.  watch how i do this.  these poles aid in maintaining balance.  see.  george.  you're just supposed to watch.  that's not a balance pole.  whoa.  hold it closer to the heavy end.     whoa.   george, do you want to do something just like we do that you don't have to practice for.  ooh, uhhuh, uhhuh, uhhuh.  hand out these fliers to everyone.  that's how i started, you know.  oh.  okay, byebye.   meow.  cats.  george was proud to be a starter zucchini.  he gave out every flier...  ...and that night...  ...everyone he knew came to the show.  everyone.  gnocchi just wanted to watch.  she found a quiet place where she couldn't possibly bother anyone.  ladies and gentlemen, for our first amazing feat, we are going to need a volunteer.  hmm.  what about you, chef.  oh, yes, yes, me, yes, yes.  meow.  okay, just relax, chef.  we'll do everything.  this is like a dream come true.  meow, meow.  meow.  gnocchi ran to chef pisghetti whenever she saw him.  so why should now be any different.  is that aaa...  oh, it's gnocchi.  leo, don't sneeze.  ii ccan'tcan't help it... ahhahh.  look, they made gnocchi part of the act, too.  george knew this was a problem.  leo, just back up.  ahhahh, i can't back up.  gnocchi, gnocchi, hey.  meow... meow.  meow.  gnocchi couldn't decide who she'd rather go to.  so she stopped and thought it over.  i can't... last... much longer.  chef p: giorgio, walk out on the wire and take gnocchi away.  okay.  on the wire.  isn't that the monkey who always knocks us down.  balancers: whooaaa.  gnocchi, go with giorgio.   this was just like that mop, so george shifted his hands.  now i know where george was all day.  practicing to be in the show.   all: we made it.   after a sneeze break, the show went on and was a great success.  and when it was over...  because of their great balance, we voted to make george and chef pisghetti official zucchinis.  oooh. oooh.  and you're welcome to practice with us anytime.  so that was all real.  oh, i'm glad i didn't know.  ii would have worried.  oh, nothing to worry about.  george is a natural.  all: whoa.  leo: but maybe he should stick to the high wire.  girl: george is a monkey, so he can do things that you can't do.  boy: george balanced on the rope while he got gnocchi away from the zucchinis.  kids: whoa...  the cycling murrays came to show us about balance.  kids: whoa...   we balanced poles on our fingers.  so which would be harder to balance on your hand, the short one or the long one.  long.  a lot of people thought that the short pole would be easier.  does it look like he's having a hard time.  kids: yeah.  what does it look like.  kids: easier.  he has more time with the long pole to compensate by moving his hand underneath the center of the pole to keep it on the very center where he's balancing it.  if we didn't have balance, you would fall right down on your bum.  narrator: when winter began, everything outdoors looked different.  the days were short, the grass was brown, and the trees were bare.  man: george, don't forget your coat.  it may be sunny, but it's turning really cold out there.  george had toys for summer and toys for snow, but there were no toys for just plain cold.  there weren't even birds to watch.  but even the dullest monkey day could be saved by a visit with bunnies.  the hutch was empty.  there must've been a big bunny breakout.  what's wrong, george.  oh, are you looking for the bunnies.  uhhuh.  aw, don't worry.  i brought them in out of the cold.  oh... phew.  i'm glad you're here.  we have to go to my grandmother's.  can you do me a favor while i'm gone.  george knew bill was going to ask him to take care of the bunnies.  it's something he dreamed about.  george would pick only videos that bunnies liked. and games they could win. and show them his best bunny picture books.  i'm taking the bunnies to stay at my grandmother's house for the rest of the winter.  oh... okay.  well, it's too cold out and my folks won't let me keep 'em in the house.  grandma has a warm place they can spend the entire winter.  oh.  so...  could you do me a favor and put out some nuts and seeds for that jumpy squirrel every day.  i don't want him to go hungry if the ground gets too cold and hard and he can't find food.  see you later, george.  george remembered how it was not too long ago.  why did all fun things have to be taken away just because of some old season.  he wasn't going to let winter ruin his well, ruin his winter.  this little monkey was going to prove that winter couldn't stop him from doing whatever he wanted.  ooh.   really cold water can change a monkey's plan just like that.  george, i'm back.  i bought some of that really good hot cocoa.  uh, what are you doing.  soaking your feet in warm water because you got a chill.  uhhuh.  well, when it's too cold to play outside, it's hot cocoa to the rescue.  uh, yum.   narrator: the next day felt like the coldest day of the year.   man: don't forget your scarf.  oh.  narrator: but george was not about to let it stop him from having fun the way hewanted to.   time for fun.   hmm.  oh.   narrator: george had won.  he was having fun like winter had never come.  aha.  ooh.   oh. oh.  narrator: the bubble froze.  that was pretty interesting.  but it wasn't what george wanted it to do.  he knew his dolphin couldn't freeze.  he could play with that any way he wanted.   yesterday's summer fun had turned into today's humongous ice cube.   whoa.  aw.     narrator: at that moment, jumpy squirrel remembered why he stayed in trees.   there. that'll warm you up.   narrator: george was thinking two things...  hello.  narrator: ...boy, was this cocoa good...  : hmm.  narrator: ...and that he was giving up.  how can a monkey have any fun when his stuff all freezes up.  hey.  narrator: then he knew exactly how.     i'm afraid it's gonna be even colder tomorrow.  sorry. you can still have warm dreams, though.  good night.    narrator: colder tomorrow.  george couldn't wait.    man: don't forget your hat.  uhhuh.   all right.  narrator: george's plan was working.  oh.  ah. ooh.  aha.   narrator: george had made an icebowling set.    narrator: he was finally having fun.  then jumpy did something... unexpected.   huh. hey.  narrator at first, george thought squirrels must really hate bowling, but jumpy only wanted to get the frozen nuts.  hey.  uhhuh.   aha.  huh.    narrator: george and jumpy played nut hockey till the sun went down.  then, he set up for the next day.  in the morning, george bundled up.  man: you're not gonna need that hat and scarf.  it's warmer today.   narrator: it was a perfect day.  it turned out winter could be fun.   : oh.  narrator: except now, it wasn't cold enough to freeze anything solid.   all that work inventing fun stuff, and it was all for nothing.  : oh.  narrator: winter.  it was like a roller coaster of blah.  ooh.  ah. oh.    it started already.  we're supposed to get a ton of snow tonight.  well, good thing i bought a new shovel.  narrator: maybe inventing stuff wasn't all for nothing.  it helped him survive the dull of winter till the first snow.  man: george.  it's snowing in the house.  narrator: yeah, winter is a roller coaster...  and monkeys love roller coasters.  girl: gen do things you can't do.  boy: he didn't know his pool was going to freeze.  we're going to put water in these cups.  and then we're going to put cereal and grapes in water and then freeze them in the freezer.  the next day we came back to check out our ice shapes.  this is my ice palace.  it's melting because of the heat in the house.  now.  in this hockey game, the puck is the ice.  eventually, it's going to melt.  it's going to be water.  i can feel it's really mushy.  the grape and the cereal didn't change like the water did.  they just got cold. )