 miss rosa: it's the pbs kids field trip.  can you guess where we're going today.  here's a clue.  ah, ha ha.  miss rosa: so did you guess where we are today.  yep, at a bee farm.  so where are the bees, miss rosa.  that's a good question.  hey, let's ask terry the beekeeper.  that is a good question.  bees in nature live in a lot of different places, but here on my farm, they live in these boxes.  let's go have a look.  let's go.  girl: wow, look at all those bees.  boy: what's that.  terry: this is a frame of honeycomb that the bees miss rosa: in spanish, " terry: who would like to try some honey.  me. me. me.  ok.  miss rosa: from the top of a mountain to the middle of a forest or even your own back yard, it's all waiting for you to explore.   this program was made possible by: believe curiosity can fuel a lifetime of learning.  com early learning academy, proud sponsor of pbs kids and curious george.  funding forcurious george is provided by contributions to your pbs station...  ooh.  ...and from:   you never do know what's around the bend    big adventure or a brandnew friend    when you're curious like curious george   swing.   well, every day   every day   is so glorious   glorious  george.   and everything   everything   is so wondrous   wondrous   there's more to explore when you open the door    and meet friends like this, you just can't miss    i know you're curious   curious   and that's marvelous   marvelous   and that's your reward    you'll never be bored    if you ask yourself, "what is this."    like curious...    like curious...  curious george.   oh...  captioning sponsored by nbc/universal narrator george loved the museum.  every time he went, he discovered something new.  the new north pole exhibit was frosty fun with its igloos and polar bears.  hey.  and so was the south pole exhibit with its penguins.     but what was this exhibit.  hey.   oh, these are the museum's new vending machines, george.  they dispense food like milk, fruit, soup, sandwiches.  oh...  all you do is insert a coin and...  oh, here, let me get you a coin.  here's a coin, george.  my treat.  hi, professor.  hey, how are your plans to explore the poles coming along.  you mean, "operation snow go".  oh, it's a nogo.  the arctic and the antarctic associations aren't getting along.  each thinks its pole is the best pole.   george wasn't sure if he wanteda sandwich or soup or milk or...  an apple.  aha.  george wondered what was inside the vending machines and how they worked.   aha.   i bet if both groups sat down and talked over dinner, they'd see how much they have in common.  exactly.  my apartment is full of expedition gear, so would you be willing to host.  a... a dinner.  um, well, sure...   iii guess.  wonderful.  here's a timetable, recipes, menu and a guest list for tomorrow night.  tomorrowtomorrow.  it's the only day both groups are in town.   yes, uh, but, professor ...  professor.  you're doing a wonderful thing for science.  "operation snow go" will be a gogo.  right, gogo.    george tried to describe his amazing adventure with the farmer inside the vending machine.  man: excuse me there, fellas.  huh.  george was surprised to discover there was no farmer inside.  these machines are something, huh.  huhhuh.  you just put in a coin...  uhhuh.  ...the wheel turns, huh.  and... bingo.   no doubt about it, the museum was one surprise after another.  the next day, george and the man with the yellow hat followed professor wiseman's directions for the party.  okay, that takes care of the main course.  mm. i'll put the oven on high to speed things up.  next.  "please come up with something festive to 'break the ice' after dinner." oh, boy.  huh.  it means professor wiseman wants us to entertain the guests.   is that smoke.  huh.  smoke.   oh, no.  that was our dinner.    okay, we can handle this.  i'll just go to chef pisghetti's andand buy another dinner.  uhhuh.  oh, while i'm gone, can you try to make the desserts.  you see, it's this "snow on a mountain" thing with blueberries and coconut.   oh, thanks, george.  oh, can you believe i almost went out like this.  aw...  george got right to work making the desserts.  first, he scooped blueberries into a bowl.  then he sprinkled coconut on top.  perfect.  now all george had to do was...  make a lot more.   wouldn't it be great if there was a vending machine that could make dessert.  ah...  hey.  hey, why not make a vending machine.  then george remembered.  a wheel inside the vending machine moved the apples.  so why not use a wheel to move blueberries.  uhhuh, uhhuh.  this car had wheels...  but they were pretty small.   this wheel was bigger.   maybe too big.   yeah.  this would be perfect.  george attached a spoon to one of the wheels so it could scoop blueberries each time it went around.  huh...  maybe it needed two spoons for balance.  uhhuh.  now for the test.  uhhuh, uhhuh...  hey.  it worked.  and george figured if it worked for blueberries, it should also work for coconut.  whoohoo. aha.  george's creation worked like a vending machine, but it didn't look like one.   not yet.  hmm...  as the saying goes, "one person's refrigerator box is another monkey's vending machine."  george finished his machine by making a serving slot for the bowls.  whoo.  aha.  everything looked great...  but who would turn the wheels.    aha.  even after a great pisghetti meal, the two groups were still poles apart.  we've got to get both groups to relax and mingle.  maybe the afterdinner entertainment will help.  oops.  i, uh, i forgot all about that.  sorry.   right. dessert.  yes, george we're ready.    may i have everyone's attention, please.  i want to thank professor chilla dewinter and professor dewey freezum.  i represent the north pole, of course.  the one on top of the world.  it all depends on how you hold the map.  yes, um, well, thank you for joining us tonight.  and may i just say...  what is that..    is that a vending machine.   uhhuh, uhhuh, uhhuh.  wiseman : wow.   george's special dessert started with a special coin.  gnoochi's love of toys was exactly what the georgeomatic needed.  chilla : look at that.  man: that is amazing.   thank you.  oh, why, this is snow on a mountain.  my mommy used to make that.  mine, too.   what do you mean you forgot the entertainment.  this is perfect.       whoa.  whoa.     look at you.  look at you.   it's like the arctic in here.  i'd say more like the antarctic.  oh, frostbite and icicles.  snow is snow, right.  right.  put her there.  happy to.  man: well, george, thanks to you, operation snowgo is gogoing.  uh, george.   as for george, he was busy perfecting his plans for the next georgeomatic.   girl: george is a monkey.  he made a machine that could make dessert.  curious george made a dessert machine, but a bicycle is also a machine.  this is bikes not bombs.  bikes not bombs teaches kids about bikes.  ben. he works here.  he's teaching us about bikes and how the gears work.  i want you to count how many times this spins all the way around and then comes back here.  kids: one...  two...  so when i turn the crank around just once the wheel spun around abouta little more than two and a half.  when you have a bigger gear turning a smaller gear, the smaller gear is going faster than the bigger gear.  and that makes the wheel turn really fast.  ben: we can use pedal power to make other things.  this is a really good use of pedal power.  this is a really good smoothie.  narrator: george thought it was a great day for the county fair and sheep competition.  oh, i'm so excited, george.  grandpa's in the sheepdog competition.  george: ooh...  and he's not even a sheepdog.  oh.  let's hurry.  it's almost time for the final round.  it was hard for george and allie to hurry at a spring fair.   there were tractors to play on and prizewinning turnips to admire.     huh.  there was even a barbershop for sheep.     don't worry, george, the sheep's hair will grow back.  besides, now that summer's coming, the sheep wants to get rid of that heavy coat.    george figured all that sheep hair was being taken to a trash can.  but the farmer had other plans.   a sheep's hair is called "wool." and after you wash it...  you comb it out...  oh.  ...and dye it...  ooh.  ...then spin it into yarn, and use it to make things like sweaters, socks and blankets.  so people help sheep stay cool in the summer and sheep help people stay warm in the winter.  ooh.   george had been saving his allowance for months, and now he knew what he wanted to spend it on.  you want to buy a scarf.  you won't need it till next winter, george.  are you sure.  uhhuh.  announcer: final contestants for the sheep dog herding: mr. renkins and his dog bo.   oops, we're gonna be late.  come on.  nice scarf, george.   hiya, grandpa.  hi, bo.  ready.     so, uh, who's winning, us or the sheep.  well, it's up to bo to herd the sheep around those barrels and into that empty pen.  and bo knows what to do because of your grandpa's whistling.  huh.  quint: now, those whistles are actually commands for bo to follow.   he just whistled "head toward the sheep" and then "get them closer together." ooh.   quint: if they can get the sheep in the pen before two minutes are up, they've won.  announcer: farmer renkins wins.      good job.  he did it.    thanks for the fun day, mr. yellow pants.  it's too bad you didn't get a scarf, though.  i bet i know what color you'd like.  maybe next time.  hey, i have to finish some errands, george.  ii won't be long.  bye.    no, no, no.  you have to pull it hard and fast.  that's the only way to fix it.  like this.     well, if that doesn't work, then you have to pull it more slowly.  oops.    it's wrecked all right.  george wondered if there was some way to knit the scarf back together.  aha.   oh, yeah.  let's go find my grandma.  she can fix all kinds of stuff.   grandma. are you home.  grandma.    oh, yeah.  let's try the chicken coop.   never leave yarn around where a jumpy squirrel can find it.   yarn makes a very soft nest.   i'll be happy to fix your scarf, george.  where's the yarn.  ah.  huh.   oops.  it escaped.  well, when you find it, just give a holler.  george and allie searched everywhere for the yarn.  uhuh.   oh, it's gone, george.  completely, forever gone.  no yarn meant no scarf.  george knew where he could get more yarn.    hiya, george.  hi, allie.  come to visit the sheep.  yeah.  george would like some wool, please.   aw.  i'm afraid you'll have to wait till next year.  i got them all shorn at the fair.  oh.  hmm...  maybe some other animal grew hair that george could turn into yarn.  but leslie's hair was much too short.  uhuh.  the pigs had hardly any hair.   and chickens have feathers instead of hair.   oh, don't worry george, hey, maybe there's a pilot with a plane who can fly us over the whole country so we can look around for a sheep with hair.  mrs. renkins: allie, mr. renkins, come to the house.  cousin ida's on the phone.  i'll be right back, george.  and i'll bring my bike so we can start looking for pilots.  uhhuh.   george figured he'd pass the time watching the sheep eat grass.  a lot of grass.   oh no. a sheep was escaping.    bo didn't seem to understand monkey.    aha.  but he did understand this.  now what was the whistle for "help: runaway sheep".  george didn't know.  so he guessed.    huh.    wrong guess.   now george wondered how to whistle "come back."  another wrong guess.  george was suddenly wishing at the sheepdog competition.   he tried every whistle he could think of to get bo to turn the sheep around.  none of them was right.    been a slow day today.     you were saying.  never mind.   the sheep ended up at george's house.   uhoh.   hi, george.  anything interesting happen while i was gone.  um, uh...   oh, no.  george..   don't worry, mr. renkins.  yes, we have your sheep, andand they're all safe.   george, could you get those sheep away from the tuba.    boy, am i grateful.  that storm blew a bunch of trees down in the pasture.  if george hadn't found shelter for the sheep, they might've gotten hurt.  huh.  hear that, george.  you're a hero monkey.  aw.   we went to a friend's to get a thankyou gift.  allie knew just what you wanted.  wool and lots of it.  we can dye it any color you want.    i'll teach you how to knit.  you'll have a new scarf in no time.   and that was how george not only made a new scarf for himself, but also one for the man with the yellow hat.   a long scarf.  and i think you picked the right color.   boy: george is a monkey.  boy: george is a monkey.  he learned all about wool and how to herd sheep.  do you want to go meet some sheep.  kids: yeah.  girl:today we're at mass audubon's drumlin farm.   well, on the top, it feels rough and in the inside it feels nice and warm.  boy: andy is shearing this angora goat that has nice fleece.  woman: but you can get fiber from lots of different kinds of animals and this is wool.  boy: and we combed it.  girl: combing it so it can turn soft.  see, i can pull it right apart.  but if i just spin it a little bit, look at how much stronger it is.  and then we spin it so it stays strong.  woman: there's your piece of yarn. )