 do you know what.  sunlight travels 93 million miles to ripen and dry the fruits we need to grow strong and healthy bodies.  i thought you'd be curious about that.  sunmaid proudly supports pbs kids.  rainforest cafe: proud sponsor of pbs kids, reminding you that reading and creative thinking are great ways to let your imagination run wild.  curious georgeis alsobrought to you by contributions to your pbs station and from:   you never do knowwhat's around the bend    big adventureor a brandnew friend    when you're curiouslike curious george   swing.   well, every day  every day   is so glorious  glorious  george.   and everything  everything   is so wondrous  wondrous   there's more to explorewhen you open the door    and meet friends like this,you just can't miss    i know you're curious  curious   and that's marvelous  marvelous   and that's your reward    you'll never be bored    if you ask yourself,"what is this."    like curious...    like curious...curious george.   oh...  captioning sponsored byuniversal animation  ooh.  narrator: when a monkey wakes up to see it snowed last night, he doesn't waste any time.  let me help you with those.  oh.   let's seecoat, boots. huh.  huh.  hat. uhhuh.  mittens.   i'd say you're all ready.    huh.     first rule for playing in snowyou've got to get out the door.      : well, i'm kind of tired, george.  hey, why don't you play while i make hot cocoa.  i think we have just enough left for two cups.  ooh. uhhuh, uhhuh, uhhuh, uhhuh.  narrator: playing in snow, then finishing off the good hot cocoa.  this was going to be a perfect day.    oh.   uh... huh.    ah.  whoa.     narrator: here was all this fresh snow just itching to be played with, but it was too deep for george.  bill: hey, george.  hey.   guess a city kid wouldn't have seen crosscountry skis before.  it's the most fun way to travel on deep snow.   i've got an old pair of skis you can have.  want to come with me.  uhhuh, uhhuh, uhhuh, uhhuh.   narrator: this was fun.  george took to skiing like...  like a monkey to skiing.  think you can handle that big hill.  yeah.  narrator: with skis on, george could go anywhere there was snow...    narrator: ...or so he thought.     you can't attack a steep hill straight on like that, george.  you got to...  zigzag it.   when you stop,angle your skis like this so you don't slide back down.   yeah, that's it.   there you go, george.  that's the way to do it.  narrator: george had a great view up here.  he could see houses and farms...  hey.  narrator: ...and there was his house.  ah.  oh. ah.  narrator: and then he thought, he'd better head home right now because the man was making the last of the cocoa...  and no one can resist the drinkmenow power ococoa...  not even the man with the yellow hat.  aah.   i wonder what that could be.  i'm going to go take a quick look around.  you wait here.   aah.    narrator: this wasn't good.  he was getting even further from home.  phew.      bill : hey, george.  down here. ooh.  i codn't find what made that sound.  i'm heading home now.  have fun.    narrator: at least it was all downhill from here.  he figured he'd be home in seconds.   huh.   narrator: there had to be a way to get that ski.    huh.  oh.  narrator: well, one ski was better than none.   that was awesome.   phew.  aah.   narrator: there was no way george could walk home in deep snow without skis.  hey.   i think he likes our snowshoes.  uhhuh, uhhuh, uhhuh.  i think he wants to borrow our snowshoes to get to that house.  he probably lives there.  i'll give him mine.  then how do you get home.  you can't walk on this snow without them.  let's pull him home on our sled.  can't. we're already late, and mom's going to get worried.  we can't just leave him here.  how about we get ourselves home first, and then we'll give the monkey your snowshoes.  we live on the other side of the hill. climb aboard.  oh.   there's that weird noise again.  it's probably kids like us, riding sleds a hill or two away.  on your marks...  get set, go.   why didn't we give the monkey the snowshoes on top of the hill.  now he has to walk all the way back up.  i can't think of everything.  and a better time to bring that up would have been on top of the hill.  sorry, monkey.  later.  bye, monkey.    narrator: george didn't realize how cold and tired he was till he tried to climb that same hill one more time.   about the only thing that kept him going was the joyous hope of cocoa.   hey.  narrator: now george could see what made that sounda cold, lost pig.  george was almost at the top.  the pig was way over there.  he didn't even know if he could help.  girl : we can't just leave him here.     oh...   narrator: george wondered how a pig got lost all the way up here, and more importantly...   ...how he was going to get it down.  what they needed was a sled.  aha.       i'd know that squeal anywhere.  it's little mike.    he got out last night before it snowed.  he's never even seen snow before.  must of been completely mystified by it.   thank you, george.   i was wondering what took you so long.  there's a cup of cocoa inside, waiting for you.  oh... yummy.  well, see you later.  okay, take care.  narrator: skiing, sledding, bringing a pig home, then cocoa.  this was a perfect day to be a monkey.  girl: george is a monkey, so he can do things that you can't do.  boy: the pig was sinking in the snow and george helped to bring him home.   it feels very hard to walk.  your feet sink into the snow.   and when you put your weight on it, your foot sinks in.  i think when you use this tray thing, you're not going to sink.  my foot went deeper than the tray because the tray spreads our weight out.  and when we use cardboard, the cardboard is bigger than my foot, and i think that's helping me.  this is a snowshoe.  my mom helped us make these.  they won't sink all the way down like how we stepped in the snow earlier.  my foot is in the middle of the cardboard, and that spreads out all the weight.  we learned that the cardboards keep us up, so we're going to try sliding down the hill with cardboard.  whee.    the cardboard slides okay, but real sleds are more slippery.   now we're having hot cocoa like curious george did.  because we're very cold.  yummy, yummy, yummy, yummy, yummy, yummy, yummy.  narrator: it was a nicesummer morning, so george was walking the man with the yellow hat to the subway.  sorry i'm walking so fast, george, but i can't be late.  george.  well, he was when they started.  but george had seen something so amazing, he had to stop.   oh, there you are.  did you see a toy you want.   you already have a dinosaur just like that.  uhuh.  you want an oven.  uhhuh, uhhuh.  uhhuh, uhhuh.  george never had a toy that could make cake.  sweet, delicious cake.  i'm sorry, george, that's expensive, and just i bought you an expensive toy last week.   george, can we please talk about this later.  i'm late for work.  i'm sorry, george but i can't buy every toy you see.    be a good little monkey.  if the man with the yellow hat couldn't buy it, george would have to buy it himself.  all he needed was to get a job and start earning money.  but mr. glass didn't need a window washer today.   chef pisghetti didn't need a dish drier.   it was one of those days when nobody needed a monkey's help.  the new summer display is really going to attract customers, dad.  the palm tree goes there, beach balls on the wall and hawaiian leis everywhere.  i like it.  good work, son.  it'll take me a few hours to pick up everything.  we'll set it up when i get back.  i could use two more hands while you're gone.  if you had two more hands, you'd be like george.  i only wish i could get an employee with four hands.  huh.   an employee with four hands.  here was someone who really needed a monkey.  the grocer would be so happy with monkey help.  george would probably earn that whole oven in one day.  hey, do you work here.  ooh. uhhuh, uhhuh, uhhuh.  perfect.  i need to choose bananas.  could you help me.  uhhuh, uhhuh, uhhuh.  they need to be super sweet.  i'm baking a banana cream pie for my mom.  oh.  george knew one sure way to find the sweetest tasting bananas.  uhuh, uhuh.  these bananas belonged under the counter, not on top.  how about the bunch behind you.  not the bananas in front of you, the ones behind.   oh.  nah...  mmm, try the bananas behind them.  ah.  thanks.  this is the best service i've ever had in any store.  oh, some people don't understand, buying fruit is all about taking a chance.   love the new help.  i'm telling all my friends to shop here.  oh, thank you.  hmm.  i'm standing in front of the ice cream display, and i am telling you, there are no kiwicicles.  how about grapecicles.  can you please grab me some grapecicles from behind the glass.  ooh. uhhuh, uhhuh, uhhuh.  ooh. ah, ah, ooh.  you don't like grapecicles.  how about lemon.  can you grab me some lemoncicles instead.  ooh.  uhhuh, uhhuh.  the lemoncicles are above the grapecicles.  ah.  you don't like lemoncicles.  well, we are running out of cicles.  cherrycicles.  fine.  can you grab the cherrycicles.  they're above the lemoncicles.   thanks, honey.   mom, can i have some frozen custard.  no, dear.  frozen monkey.  no, dear.  we're not eating sweets, remember.  narrator: george decided it was time to find customers who needed help.   wow, there sure are some unusually sloppy shoppers today.  huh.  hmm.  there. perfect pyramid.  looks like i do pretty good with no help at all.   man: can you help me again.  i want the largest package, but i don't want to mess up the display.  uhhuh, uhhuh, uhhuh.  aha.  no, the package under that one.  oh.  no, the package under that one.  no, the package under that one.     thanks so much.  this is such a fun, unusual store.   ow.  narrator: gel the grocery store didn't sell bricks.  that lady looked like she needed monkey help.  oh.  i guess my pyramid wasn't so perfect.  what do you have there.  it's the diagram for our new window display.  it's going to have a tree, colorful balls, and other fun stuff.  oh, i can't wait to see it.  me, too, but i can't set it up till my son gets back.   i'd better put the diagram in a...  safe... place.  well, it was here a second ago.   narrator: the grocer didn't have to wait for his son.  george would set up that window display for him.  first, he looked for a tree.  he found one behind the boxes.    narrator: and colorful balls.  and above the balls, he found some stringy, fun stuff.  that diagram couldn't just get up and walk away.   i love this store.  i just had to come back and say... merry christmas.  huh.  hey, merry christmas.  huh.  why is everyone wishing me merry christmas all of a sudden.  your window.  what a great idea.  huh.  ah.   oh, hi, george. i...  whatever you're paying that monkey, he deserves double.  i've never had such helpful service.  me, neither.  have you been working here all day.  helping customers.  and this.   hey, dad, this window display you came up with is pulling in customers.  the store's crowded.   grocer: it is.  i guess this is our first annual christmas in july sale, built by our employee of the month, george.   now, can we get out of this window.  it's july.  i'm roasting.     i know.  the grocer told me all about your job.  i am very proud of you, george.   keep up the good work, and you'll be able to buy that oven yourself.  uhhuh.  but i got you a little something to hold you over until you do.  huh.   )