 it's mecoach hooperand i've got my special whistle, which means it's time to get up and exercise.   wow. it's also time to get a new whistle.  ok, now, let's get moving because today, we're going to exercise like monkeys.   climb up the tree    with your monkey hands just climb    you're a monkey, you're moving      now swing through the trees    use your arms and swing    from branch to branch, just do your thing    now grab that banana    jump up high and grab    you're jumpin', you're grabbin'   hey, you've got one     awesome job.  and if you want to try outmore exercises with me, just visit pbskids.organytime you want.  see you soon.   this program was made possible by: believe curiosity can fuel a lifetime of learning.  com early learning academy, proud sponsor of pbs kids and curious george.  funding forcurious george is provided by contributions to your pbs station...  ooh.  ...and from:   you never do knowwhat's around the bend    big adventureor a brandnew friend    when you're curiouslike curious george   swing.   well, every day  every day   is so glorious  glorious  george.   and everything  everything   is so wondrous  wondrous   there's more to explorewhen you open the door    and meet friends like this,you just can't miss    i know you're curious  curious   and that's marvelous  marvelous   and that's your reward    you'll never be bored    if you ask yourself,"what is this."    like curious...    like curious...curious george.   oh...  captioning sponsored byuniversal animation  narrator: george was conducting an important experimenttesting the bounce factor of the living room furniture.    this part of the couch made a different sound.  huh.   that wasn't the couch.  it sounded big.  it sounded heavy.   and it came from up there.  oh.   you must have heard our new neighbor walking around.  he moved in last week.  huh.  what george had heard seemed heavier than footsteps.  what are you doing.   george, you must have heard our neighbor walking.  that's all it could be.  it's not like he's got some wild animal up there.   oh...  the man with the yellow hat lived with george, so why couldn't the new neighbor live with an animal.  but what kind.  ooh.   mm... uhuh.   no. uhuh.   aha.   of course.  the new neighbor had brought home an elephant.    ooh.   ooh.   the man with the yellow hat had to hear this.     george.    you, you dreamt about an elephant.  uhuh, uhuh, uhuh.   shh.    oh.  um, no more nature books before you go to sleep, george.  they're obviously giving you strange dreams.  this is better bedtime reading.  the happy sleepymonkey.  eh.   good night.   huh.   this new sound certainly wasn't an elephant walking around.  it was an elephant that was...  doing what.  uhuh.   ah.    boy, i didn't sleep at all last night.   huh.   ooh. ah.    ooh.  george never realized there were so many sounds in the world.  he'd never listened hard enough.   ooh. ah.     that was the balcony to the apartment upstairs, where the new neighbor lived...  with his elephant.    george, what are you doing.  eh...  george, don't spy on our new neighbor, please.  : oh.  how about, when i get home, we go up and introduce ourselves like two civilized people.  civilized... monkeys.   a civilized monkey and his person.  ah. uhhuh, uhhuh, uhhuh.  the afternoon was a long time to wait to meet the elephant.  uh, neighbor.    now what was that elephant up to.     what. what's wrong.     george, there is no elephant with a chainsaw upstairs.  actually, an elephant with a chainsaw eating crackers, but george wasn't going to be picky.   i'll be home later.  remember, no bothering the new neighbor, who is not an elephant.   the new neighbor wasn't an elephanthehadan elephant.  george felt very misunderstood.   why, the elephant must've gone out, too.   well, that thing would never fit inside the apartment.    huh.  could there be a chainsaw in mabel's.     so many things made similar sounds, how could george figure out what he'd been hearing upstairs.  uh...   for george to be certain, he had to go right to the source.    hmm...   that sort of sounded like his neighbor.  but not really.  : oh...  the man with the yellow hat was right, george hadn't heard an elephant.  but then, what had he heard.   yeah.  that was the sound.   ooh...   so the upstairs neighbor has a galapagos tortoise that's been wrapping gifts and making juice.   yeah...  george, i'm going to say this one more time.  there is no way...       : yes.  hi, there.  we're your downstairs neighbors and...  oh. so nice to meet you.    george.   what's he doing.  i think he's looking for your, uh...  elephant. my what.   oh, we heard some loud sounds.  um, very loud sounds.  very loud...  oh. i am so sorry.  sometimes i get carried away working on my art.  art. uh...  i am an artist.  i do murals.  i mix my paint here...   ah...  then i use these rubber stamps i made.      here's one of my completed works.   ah... mmhmm.  ooh...  oh.  we also heard something like a bag of rocks dropping.  do you use rocks in your work.  no.  that was a bag of groceries.  it fell off the counter.  hmm...    what on earth is that.   sounds like an elephant finger painting.   hmm.  mm...   it does.   do things that we can't do.  boy: george thought he heard an elephant walking around upstairs.  girl: george was trying to figure out what the sound was.   and that's what we're doing.   oh.   it sounds like beads.  children: yeah.  you don't know what's making that sound because you can't see through the wall.  can you drop it on the ground again. oh.  i think it's paper.  children: yeah.   bubbly stuff.  children: yeah.  spoons or forks.  children: yeah.  yeah. i got it.  narrator: summer afternoon, the perfect time for a game of find the pigeon.   okay, george. playtime's over.  time to clean your room.   you can play with compass after you clean your room.    hmm...  bath time, george.  i don't think you'll fit in the birdbath, george.  you're definitely a tub monkey.    okay, time to brush your teeth and hit the sack, george.   even though being a monkey was the greatest thing ever, pigeons didn't have to do what anybody told them.  george, time to clean your room, take a bath, wash your ears, brush your teeth, go to bed, wake up, make yourself breakfast.  ah...   george.  so the next morning, george made up his mind to live like a pigeon.  it turned out that birds had special pecking equipment.  ow.   huh.   keeping up with pigeons was hard work if you didn't come with wings.  plus pigeons didn't have to wait for the don't walk light.   george had lost his flock.  to be a pigeon, you had to fly.    huh.   being a cat looked like a lot less work than being a pigeon.  now this was the life.  and no one made gnocchi clean her room.  meow.  : meow.  plus, cats took a bath wherever they wanted, whenever they wanted.  a cat bath was okay...  if you didn't mind a hairy mouth and a spitty face.  maybe being a cat wasn't for george, either.   here were lots of animals who didn't have to clean their rooms or brush their teeth.  surely george could find one he could be.  like a chameleon.  they could change color effortlessly.  hey.   oh. monkeys couldn't.   fish never had to stop playing to take a bath.   but george wasn't good enough at holding his breath to be a fishfor very long.  turtles got to choose their own bedtimes.  they just pulled their heads inside.   but being a turtle was a pain in the neck.  aww.  heya, george.  hello.  if only there were one animal that didn't act so much...  well...like an animal.  aha.   ahh...    hundley didn't know why george was still here, so he led him back to the elevator.  huh.   george never realized that hundley spent so much of the day playing.  this was fun.   oh.  only his hands weren't used to being dog paws.  george realized he needed a few small changes to be a good dog.   byebye.  doorman: did you have a nice ride, dante.  i bet you did.   : well, what is this.   well, hundley, it looks like we have two lobby dogs today.  whatdo you think of that.    say byebye, doggies.  but being hundley wasn't all fun and games.   oww. it helped to be long and low to do this job.  why thank you.  look, dante, hundley found your ball.  good dog.   george wanted to be a good dog, too, just like his new hero, hundley.  businessman: hold the elevator.  and here was his chance.  but picking up things with your mouth was harder than it looked.  that's a baby, right. hi, baby.  thank you, um, that's a dog, right.  : thanks, doggy.  hundley couldn't believe it.  everyone knew dogs were more dignified than that.  being a dog was hard work.  just look what it did to hundley.  delivery.  looks important.  we'll get it upstairs right away.  come on, lobby dogs.   yeah.    huh. uhoh.   hey. looks like we're stuck.   it's okay, hundley.  we can handle this.  i'll sound the alarm.   uhoh.   there's only one way out.  but we need somebody who could monkey up...  say...  huh.  you've been such a good dog, george, i almost forgot you were a monkey.  george had almost forgotten he was a monkey, too.   there were things monkeys could easily do that no oneelse could.  hello. i'd like to report a stuck elevator.  best of all, george didn't even have to think about how to be a monkey.  aha.  hello.  it just came naturally.  a flashlight. thanks, george.   and a bottle of water.  and cushions. and a radio.  and sometimes a monkey...  bye. bye.  ...was just the thing to be.   george.  you did it.  thanks, george.   even hundley thought george was pretty amazing.  he might even make a good dog...  someday.  but george didn't want to be a dog anymore.  all he wanted was to take a bath, brush his teeth, and to go to bed in his nice, clean room.  ey, so he can do things that we can't do.  kid 2: he was trying to be like other animals, but he was good at being a monkey.  boy: we are at the franklin park zoo and today we are observing two different kinds of monkeys.  two tamarins.  katie: these are cotton top tamarins.  boy: and the mandrels.  wow. whoa.  tamarin has a white belly and arms and they have a brown back and tail.  why do you think that is. camouflage.  because the back is the same color as the tree.  mmhmm. what about the white part.  girl: the tamarin's belly is white because their predators look up, so they think it's part of the sky.  the mandrel has a lot of different colors, but not really for camouflage.  those bright colors would tell everybody that he's the man in charge, that he's the biggest mandrel.  girl: animals have special ways to get what they need to live.  wednesday...  that hohum, stuck in the middle day.  wednesday:  anncr: until now.  wednesday: ah.  anncr: all this month, pbs kids is giving your mid week a shake up.  during wild wednesdays. part of summer safari.  featuring new episodes of wild kratts each week.  martin: you don'twant to miss this.  wooahhhhhhh.  anncr: so join the wild krattsfor wild wednesdays...  martin: woohoo.  anncr: ...part of pbs kids' summer safari.  with new episodes every wednesday, all this month.  and check out wild kratts anytime on thepbs kids video app.  george:" anncr: this month is wild with new episodes of wild kratts every wednesday.  martin kratt: "ha, ha" anncr: and in august, it's the premiere of curious george 3:back to the jungle.  anncr: don't miss summer safari on pbs kids or anytime on the pbs kids video app.  boy: it's called an anemometer.  boy: it shows you how fast the wind's going.  nine.  done.  it turned nine times in ten seconds.  boy: boy 2: we came up with ideas and then we made some machines.  step one, sauce.  step two, vegetables.  step three... pepperoni.  step four, cheese.   boy:  this program was made possible by: ] com we believe that learning and curiosity go hand in hand.  com early learning academy, proud sponsor of pbs kids and curious george.  funding forcurious george is provided by contributions to your pbs station...  ooh.  ...and from: announcer: curious george is always making plans.  it looks like this guy needs a plan to get a new home.  plans are a list of steps, from start to finish, you need to follow to get a job done.   you can always plan to find great games and video with curious george anytime at pbskids.org.  there's more fun coming up next. )