 by conservingour natural resources.  when you're savingone can...  both:you're saving toucans.   s to your pbs station and from: )  you never do know what's around the bend    big adventure or a brandnew friend    when you're curious like curious george   swing.   well, every day  every day   is so glorious  glorious  george.   and everything  everything   is so wondrous  wondrous   there's more to explore when you open the door    and meet friends like this, you just can't miss    i know you're curious  curious   and that's marvelous  marvelous   and that's your reward    you'll never be bored    if you ask yourself, "what is this."    like curious...    like curious...   captioning sponsored byuniversal animation narrator: george liked visiting professor wiseman because she was the only person he knew who worked under a whale.   wiseman: i know those knocks.  come on in, guys.  wow, what's that.  my hobby.  working on complex things relaxes me.  ahh...  have you ever seen such a beautiful clock, george.   if you like it now, watch what happens every hour.      so, what do you think.  very impress...   : i'm glad you liked it, george.  we should go.  the rocket presentation is starting soon.  are you coming with us, george.  or do you want to stay here and watch the clock.   well, if it's okay with professor wiseman, it's okay with me.  if you want to see the little people play again, move the minute hand once around to 12.   have fun.  how long does it take to build a clock like that.  oh, about three years.  oh, that reminds me...  i'll be right back.  george, be a good little monkey.  exactly.  george wanted to see the little people again.    that looked like george's friend compass, the almosthoming pigeon, because when all the other homing pigeons homed in on the statue...  he almost made it.   it was compass, all right.  george was happy to see his friend the pigeon, and compass was happy to see his friend the...  ...well, whatever george was.    george wanted compass to see professor wiseman's clock in action.  uhoh.  he couldn't fix the minute hand, and that's what made the little people play.   he knew they were in there somewhere.   ow.  george remembered there was another way into the clockthe back.  aha.  ah.    when you take something apart, it's a good idea to pay attention to what went where.  where could george find out how a clock's parts go together.   the library.  of course.   the library's full of helpful books.   and they've got a really big clock on top.  he hoped studying the big clock...  would show him exactly what to do with the little clock.     george was glad that noise had stopped...  ...but maybe it was time to pack up and go home.  that clock has never stopped, ever.  the big clock on the library stopped.  well, let's go.  wait, stew.  what are we supposed to do.  we're the fire department.  we'll figure it out.   mr. reloj, the big clock stopped.  the big library clock that the whole city depends upon.  all: yeah.  oh, that clock has never stopped, ever.  we must move like lightning.  he was sure he had all the tools, but george still felt like he was missing something.     okay, miss, thank you.  eh, please step outside, i must listen.      whose tools are these.   what's a little monkey like you doing in a huge clock like this.  well, would you like me to help you.  okay, and this goes there.  now, you see.   what a beautiful clock.  did you make it.    i know everything about clocks, but not one thing about understanding monkey.    well, be more careful in the future, eh.  time is a precious thing.   man: compass.  what have we said about bringing pigeons indoors, george.  oh...   oh, it's all right.  are you showing him my clock.  uhhuh, uhhuh.  well, go ahead.  george, how did this heavy, metal toolbox get so...    boy 1: george is a monkey, so he can do things you can't do.  boy 2: like when he messed up the gears on the big clock.  boy 3: here's something we did with gears.  this is the science discovery museum.  denise is talking to us about gears.  and what do you see in this case over here.  all: bicycles.  in bicycles there's little gears.  and when you turn the pedals, the gears move.  and then that makes the wheels move, so then you can ride the bicycle.  denise: try the top one first.  boy: so if you move the pedal, it moves the wheel that moves the generator that turns the light on.  denise: and what's happening with the light.  it's turning on really light.  denise: now do you want to try the one below.  it's not coming on as much as that one.  the bottom one had two gears that were the same size and...  boy: the bicycle on top had a big gear with a smaller gear attaching to the chains.  when you turn the pedal once, how many times do you think the back wheel goes around.  girl: when i move the pedal once on the top one, the wheel moves like four times.  on the bottom, the wheel only moved one time.  girl: a big gear that goes to a little gear makes more power, and two same sized gears makes less power.  boy: i think you can use gears to make a machine go faster and slower.   narrator: being a monkey in the big city can be an exciting experience.    but it isn't perfect.   wow, we could really use some fresh country air, huh.  the man with the yellow hat knows when the time's right to get his monkey out of the city.   take a deep breath and fill your lungs with good, clean country air.   ah.  it's good to be back, isn't it.  you can let the clean air out, george.  there's plenty here.   well, george, looks like bill built a bunny hutch in his yard.  want to go see the bunnies.  there you go.  hey there.  got george with you.   how'd you know it was us.  mm, wild guess.  hey, i just got bunnies.  want to see.  george had never seen a bunny upclose before.  you like bunnies, george.  uhhuh.  do they have names. sure.  there's fuzzy, whitey, brownie, spotty, black ears, cottontail and herbert nenninger.  and that's their mom.  want to pet one.  which one. brownie. whitey.  fuzzy.  fuzzy's cool.  there's some things you need to know about bunnies before you pet one.  oh, no.  it's time to deliver my papers.  sorry.  come back tomorrow and you can pet them all.  well, you're just going to have to wait till tomorrow, george.  ooh, george could barely stand it.  who can wait a whole day to pet bunnies.  going out.  be a good little monkey.  uhhuh, uhhuh, uhhuh.  george thought he could keep the bunnies company while bill was away.  they were so still, so quiet, so fuzzy.  bunnies, bunnies.  bill wouldn't mind if he petted one bunny, just once, if he was very, very careful.  the bunnies were so still and quiet...  and fast.  uhoh.  they were almost too fast to see, definitely too fast to pet...  and absolutely too fast to do as they were told.  their mom knew enough to stay in the hutch, but george wasn't taking any more chances.  george decided he'd better figure out how many bunnies got loose by counting their bowls.  seven.  that meant he still had to catch...seven.    at least they couldn't get out of the yard.     bill was not going to be happy about this.   uhhuh.  narrator: to the bunnies, this was a big game of hide and seek, which was not good for george, because if there's one thing you should know about bunnies...   ...it's that they play to win.  the cows thought this was either the fastest parade they'd ever seen...  or the weirdest horse race.    this wasn't as easy as george expected.   the bunnies were too fast.   george would have to outthink them.     one down, six to go.   huh.  lucky for george, bunnies are too young to know about footprints.  it takes more than a superior brain to outthink bunnies.  it helps to be wearing a cap.   three down, four to go.    squirrels don't like surprises, not even small ones.   he counted the bowls.  he'd caught whitey, spotty, black ears, cottontail, brownie and...   ...a jumpy squirrel.  ooh.     narrator: um, add, "being grabbed by a monkey," to the list of surprises that squirrels really don't like.    ah.    not all footprints lead to cute, little bunnies.  ooh.   bill: hi, george.  what you doing.   bill was almost done.  george's time was running out.  george had caught every bunny, except herbert nenninger, and bill would be home soon.   george had looked everywhere.  what he needed was a bunny expert, but who knew a lot about bunnies.   it wasn't going to work.  george tried to explain this was no time to play with a fuzz ball.  she had to find herbert nenninger.  this was no ordinary fuzz.  this was the end of herbert nenninger.  bill: hey, george.  keeping the bunnies company.  thanks.  oh.  as a reward for doing that and being so patient, i'm going to let you pet one right now.  petting a bunny isn't easy.  it's all about maintaining control.  step oneunlock latch.    but you want topeta bunny, don't you.   bill: okay.  you sure are one careful kid.  hey, how'd that acorn get in there.  boy: george is a monkey, so he can do things that you can't do.  he followed the tracks, but he didn't always find a bunny.  we can go this way.  boy: today, we're at garden in the woods.  and we're looking for tracks of animals.  hello. my name is bonnie.  what do animals leave when they walk on fresh, clean snow.  they leave tracks.  we made these.  to find some animal tracks.  look right here.  no, look at all these footprints.  four.  we have to catch all these footprints.  bonnie: how do you know that's a cat track.  because we have a cat track, and we put it down to see if it matches.  i found a foot track.  it looks like rabbit trackslike bang, bang, bang, bang.  there's one mark for every single hop.  the tracks ended right at a tree.  bonnie: when it goes up to a tree and disappears...  a squirrel. you're right.  because squirrels can climb trees.  it's kind of like solving a mystery.  we found some bird tracks.  because there's a little bird feeder over there.  so we think that they might be bird tracks.  we're going to make our own tracks like the animals we found.  boy 2: they all look like people's feet because we are people.  chittering and hooting)lly chattering) for more fun with curious george and his friends, visit your local library and read more curious georgeadventures.  or visit thecurious georgeweb site at: captioned bymedia access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org "curious george" introduces children to math and science concepts.  org, you can help your child's early math development with the pbs parents guide to early math.  ..  sgscbcbgsgsgbcsgbcbgscsgbczssg this programwas made possibl rainforest cafe: proud sponsor of pbs k rainforest cafe, proud sponsorofcurious george, reminding you that anyone canmake the world a brighter place by conservingour natural resources.  when you're savingone can...  both:you're saving toucans.   sunlight travels 93 million miles to ripen and dry the fruits we need to grow strong and healthy bodies.  i thought you'd be curious about that.  sunmaid proudly supports pbs kids.  rainforest cafe: chuck e. cheese's, proud supporter of pbs kids.  helping kids discover that families and fun go hand in hand.  pbs kids, where a kid can be a kid.  to your pbs station and from: )