  you'll never be bored    if you ask yourself,"what is this."    like curious...    like curious...curious george.   oh...  captioning sponsored byuniversal animation narrator: when spring is in the air, there's nothing a monkey likes more than to spring in the air.      to keep his lobby orderly, hundley always kept a close eye on george.  huh.   hmm. hmm. huh.  come on, george.  i wish i had your energy, george.   just watching george made hundley tired.  ooh.  man: hello, professor wiseman.   hi. what do you have, george.  your favorite kind of dinosaur.  huh.   oh, that's your favorite.  but they're the same.  those are the bones that would be inside that. huh.  you know, same as the bones in you.    feel your arm.  the hard part. that's bone.  it's your skeleton.  now that he knew he had one of those under his face, georgehad to see the trex skull up close.  whoo.  george. don't.  it isn't safe.    oh.  are you okay.   george always wanted to ride in an ambulance, but he couldn't really enjoy it.   at the hospital, doctor baker decided they needed to see george's leg bone by taking an xray.  that's a small break.  we have to put your leg in cast.   now this cast will keep your leg from moving while the bone heals.   hey, that looks like george.  huh. woof.  hundley knew what to do when he heard that name.   he got ready to defend the dignity of his lobby.   poor little guy.  is he all right.  man: yeah, but he's gonna be out of action for weeks.  no jumping. no noise.  hundley wasn't so sure thiswasgeorge.    man: well, hello.  you have a visitor, george.   it was george all right.  no one else in the building smelled like that.  doorman: hello. hundley come up here.  man: yeah. we're in george's room.  you know, in the lobby, hundley pays more attention to george than anyone.  that's friendship.  huh.  hundley could keep george company when you go to work.  i'excuse him from his lobby duties.  huh.  george, would you like hundley to be your monkey sitter.  uhhuh.  hundley was curious about this new, calm george.   good morning.  the next morning hundley showed up right on time, of course.   everything you need is here. thanks, hundley.   bye.  to hundley, seeing george wide awake and sitting peacefully was like seeing rain falling up.   george's leg ached, so it was time to get a new, cold ice pack.  they taught him to use the wheelchair at the hospital.  but he couldn't exactly remember all of it.  ah.  while hundley tried to find a place for the ice pack, george remembered how to make the chair go.   aha.  ahh.  sort of.   then george remembered how to roll forward.  hey.   hundley always led people through the lobby, so he usedhis skills to lead george around obstacles.   hmm. tada.  aw.  there was more to monkeysitting george than guiding him around the furniture.  hundley cleaned up after him, too, which had its rewards.    he also helped with those itches that george couldn't reach.  ahhh.   every day, george's chair driving improved, and hundley lookedforward to coming over.   good morning to you too, hundley.   and then, something changed.   remember: use the crutches, don't step on your cast, and be a good little monkey...  and dachshund.    narrator: they'd taught george to use the crutches in the hospital...   whoa.   narrator: ...but he needed practice.     pretty soon, george was as good on crutches as he was on his own feet.  huh.   narrator: and as soon as he got really good...    good news, hundley. george is allowed to walk on his cast now. hmm.    narrator: george showed hundley how his leg was healing, but dachshunds don't read xrays.  hundley didn't like to get too far from his lobby.   but george wanted to go for a walk.   he also wanted to go for a climb...    ...but that wasn't allowed.  hundley was one serious monkey sitter.  they went to the park every day.  george drew some good pictures.    and hundley discovered he liked lying on grass and taking slow strolls with a monkey.  see.  the break's all healed.  ooh.   phew.   well, hello.    tada.     huh. ooh.  narrator: george was thrilled to be completely free again.   back to normal, i see.  good as new.  thanks for all of your help, hundley.   guess you're back on lobby duty with me, boy.   narrator: george wanted hundley to come with him, but hundley had a job to do.   ugh.      narrator: george brought his friends back so he and hundley could be together.   narrator: george was back to normal all right.  boy: george is a monkey, so he can do things youcan'tdo.  girl: he should not have been climbing the bones because he broke his own bone.  i just traced stephen's body.  i just traced marielle's body.  marielle: now we're going to draw in our bones.  we didn't have an x ray like dr. baker, so we felt our bones to see where they are and how they feel and what shape they are.  i think that your head's just one big bone with a brain inside.  stephen: from the side of your face all the way in, to your nose, is all one big bone that goes right across your face.  marielle: i think there are three bones in this finger because i'm bending it three ways.  this is one way, this is one way and this is another way.  if you feel your back, there's little bumps.  stephen: i think there's a lot of little bones connected.  there's something that's connecting them, but it's not a bone.  because your spine does bend.  this is one leg bone up here, and this is the other leg bone down here.  and this is the knee connecting them.  to me, it feels like it's a circle.  if your leg was just one long bone, you'd be walking like this.  but because it bends, it's easier to walk.  stephen: you couldn't do, like, anything without bones.    narrator: most mornings, george went out on the porch to find the paper.  ooh.  narrator: this morning, the paper found george.  sorry.  : oh.  narrator: george wished he could be a paperboy some day...  hey.  narrator: ...but he didn't even know how to ride a bike.  not yet anyway.   uhhuh, uhhuh, uhhuh.  this.  why, this was my bike when i was a boy.  i sure had fun, but it was a long time ago.  ooh.   you want to try it.  : uhhuh, uhhuh.   oh.   ooh.  : oh.  hmm. yeah, it's going to need a little work first.  oh.     now to blow up the tires.  oh.  yeah.  narrator: this was something george could do.  he'd blown up lots of balloons.    oh. man: no luck.   let's try this air pump.   ooh.   be my guest.   ah.   ooh.   narrator: george liked knowing the man with the yellow hat was holding him up.  by the third day...    ...he rode so fast, the man with the yellow hat couldn't keep up.   very good, george.  i think you're ready to ride on the road.  ooh. uhhuh, uhhuh, uhhuh.  now, remember, always watch where you're going, stay on the right side of the road, and signal turns, like this for left, and this for right.   that's it, oh, and be a good little monkey...  cyclist.  byebye.   ooh.     narrator: like most cyclists, george loved the wind blowing in his... fur.   ah.  narrator: for the first time ever, he was even faster than bunnies.       wow.  great trick.   sorry i came out so fast, but i'm gonna be late for school.  hey, could you finish my paper route.    trusted with a paper route.  it was like george's wish had just been granted.  every house on the road gets a paper, including the houses across the stream.     yes, george had become just like a real paperboy.  nothing would stop him from completing his route.   ah.   the last time they came to the stream, the man with the yellow hat made paper boats.  george thought he remembered how...  ah. hee, hee, hee.  his boat was so good... huh.  ...george decided to make a whole fleet.    well, hello.  you must be a paperboy.  uhhuh, uhhuh, uhhuh.  that's an important job.  looks like you've delivered 'em all but one.  another day's hard work almost done, eh.      george couldn't wait for his newspapers to be sundried.   george had promised bill he'd deliver all these papers.  if it didn't get done, bill could lose his job.   maybe the man with the yellow hat knew where to get dry papers.    but george forgot to watch where he was going.   whoa.    fortunately, he was wearing a helmet.   unfortunately, the bike was not.  oh.  the walk home was a long one for george.  hi, george.  are you looking for someone to repair that wheel.   not me.    : no, not leslie.  come on.  you think you could get george's wheel rolling again.  i know i can.   i think we can fix this.  it seemed to be going well, but george felt he should help.  a wrench.  george knew how to use that.  that looks good.  now let's fix these spokes.  terrific.  huh.  next we check balance.  ah.  well, looks good.  now the tube.  all right.  aha.  just needs a patch.  aah.  uhhuh.  where is that wrench.   oh, thank you, george.   all we need now is some air in the tires.  george hadn't helped as much as he wanted to.  : perhaps one or two minor adjustments.  he did, however, know how to use a pump.  ah.  oh, you're welcome.  george rushed home to tell the man with the yellow hat about his paper problem.   george, i have a surprise for you. huh.  ooh...   oh, george, bill came by.  apparently, some people didn't get their newspapers today.  yeah, one lady saw a duck riding in a newspaper boat, but it wouldn't get out and let her read the headlines.   suddenly, george remembered he hadn't told the man with the yellow hat about his paper problem.   hold on, george.  how about we just buy a few dry papers and deliver them right now.   and so, george was able to finish his route just like a real paperboy.  maybe i should buy a new bike for myself, too.  ah. uhhuh, uhhuh, uhhuh.   sorry.  child: kid: george is a monkey, and sometimes he does things youcan'tdo.  uhoh.  he messed up his bike and mrs. renkins helped him fix it.  boy: it's called bikes not bombs.  lots of bikes, no bombs.  we ship recycled bikes all around the world where people need them, and we teach kids how to fix bikes.  jasmine is kind of like mrs. renkins because she knows how to fix bikes.  oh, we had a flat tire.  now that we have the bike in the stand, what will we do next.  take off the tire to fix it.  we took a wrench.  which way to turn it, left or right.  righty tighty, lefty loosey.  tighty, loosey...  lefty, right...  what is it again.  "righty tighty, lefty loosey" means turning right is tightening it and left to loosen it.  so this is left, and i'm loosening it.  this is a tire lever.  we use tire levers to take the tire off.  there. you got it.  put that tube inside of the bucket of water and see where the bubbles come out from.  you can see it leaking.  and then we use the scraper to scrape the tube.  and then we put special glue on and then we put on the patch and we put it in the... wheel.  we're pumping the tire.  got it.  now it's all set.  it's ready to ride now.  i think fixing bikes is really fun.  for more fun with curious george and his friends, visit your local library and read more curious georgeadventures.  or visit thecurious georgeweb site at: curious georgeintroduces children to math and science concepts.  at pbsparents.org, you can help your child'searly math development with the pbs parentsguide to early math.  all the tools you need are at: captioned by media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org )