 miss rosa: it's the pbs kids field trip.  can you guess where we're going today.  here's a clue.  did you guess where we are today.  we're at the library, and i've got to return this book.  what happens to the book now.  come on.  hey, look. it's anne.  anne: hi there. i'm the librarian.  when you guys return a book, it gets put in the slot outside, and then it gets put on a cart, and it's ready to be shelved.  but how do you know which book goes where.  well, the same way you guys have an address where you live, each book has an address where it lives on the shelf.  it has letters and numbers on it.  it looks just like a secret code.  it is like a secret code, and every book has its own secret code.  do you guys want to help me put the books away.  from the top of a bookshelf and beyond, it's all waiting for you to explore.   this program was made possible by: believe curiosity can fuel a lifetime of learning.  com early learning academy, proud sponsor of pbs kids and curious george.  funding forcurious george is provided by contributions to your pbs station...  ooh.  ...and from:   you never do knowwhat's around the bend    big adventureor a brandnew friend    when you're curiouslike curious george   swing.   well, every day  every day   is so glorious  glorious  george.   and everything  everything   is so wondrous  wondrous   there's more to explorewhen you open the door    and meet friends like this,you just can't miss    i know you're curious  curious   and that's marvelous  marvelous   and that's your reward    you'll never be bored    if you ask yourself,"what is this."    like curious...    like curious...curious george.   oh...  captioning sponsored byuniversal animation narrator: hundley, the doorman's dachshund, loved his lobby to be clean and organized, just like him.   good morning, hundley.  don't you look very shiny and sleek today.    being long and low made him an excellent finder of lost things.   my keys.  thank you, hundley.     dante says, "thank you, hundley."   having sharp hearing made him an excellent squeak detector.      good ears, hundley.  a doorman's door must look and sound perfect at all times.  and his uniform must be spotless.  but hundley felt his most important job...   was to protect the place...  from georgethe absolute opposite of all that is organized and neat.  hello.   package for 217.  let's go, hundley.  217.    oh, no. i'm out of uniform.  delivery. i rushed right up.  right on time.  i buy and sell autographed balls.  veryexpensive.  this one's freddy freekickio.  i have a lot more balls coming today.  valuable collectors' items.  don't worry: hundley and i'll make sure they're safe.  out of uniform. ugh.  a doorman's uniform is as important as his door. huh.   what's wrong, hundley. george:..   uh, careful.  that's full of...   ...oil.  oh, no.  this is my last clean shirt.   a doorman must be spotless.  i have to go to the dry cleaners.  i won't be long.  you're in charge, hundley.   hundley knew the first order of business: watch george.  oh...  george never realized how much he liked the doorman's uniform.   hundley had never gotten a salute before.  he must have been doing an exceptionally good job.  hah.  hello.   a doorman's uniform is as important as his door.  hundley had to get that monkey out of uniform.   but he still had a job to do.  i see you have a new partner, hundley.  you're both so handsome.  time is of the essence.  how quickly can you clean an oil stain.  an oil stain about this size.  an oil stainexactly that size.  that exact oil stain.  ii have no idea until i try.  then try. i can wait because i know hundley will keep the lobby in perfect order.    hundley tried to get the coat off george.     which is how he found out george was ticklish.   delivery.  hundley didn't want people to think his lobby's doorman was a monkey.   aha.   ruh.  george picked the most interestinglooking box to open first.   order had to be restored.  the lobby couldn't look like this.    hundley tried to tell george these weren't his packages.  but george thought hundley wanted to play.      being a dog, hundley had tasted a lot of tennis balls.  but these were the first that ever tasted like....  ink.  these were the valuable balls the doorman promised to protect.    george: woohoo.   hundley couldn't stop george from opening boxes that he thought belonged to him.  whoo.  but he knew how to play defense.   it was tough for george to guess who sent all this stuff to him.      uh, hold on. there's a monkey and a wiener dog at the door.   those careless delivery guys.  if any of my balls aren't properly packed, i'm gonna be very upset.  now george understood.  these boxesbelongedhere, and the deliveryman gave them to george by mistake.  i'll be down to check every last one as soon as i'm off the phone.  they had to clean up before the ball collector came downstairs.  all they had to do was put the balls back into the right boxes.  how hard could that be.  sometimes things don't fit when they look like they should.  or they fit in more than one place.  hmm.  but there's only one place they really belong, and once you figure that out, it's easy, even if you're a monkey.    uhoh.  hundley showed george how to lay them flat.  ah.  haha.  they did it.  all the balls were back where they started...  ...kind of.   haha.   looks like they're all here, even the priceless andy turkeyrolla perfect score bowling ball.   i'm back.  is everything okay.  my delivery came.  your dog and monkey took care of everything.  that's great.  thank you, hundley.  thank you, george.  it's nice to know hundley has help keeping the place clean and organized.  george, would you like to help hundley again tomorrow morning.  you can be my official door monkey.  i won't be here, and tomorrow is water delivery day.    kid: well, he's a monkey, and sometimes he does things that you can't do.  kid 2: he took out all the balls and had to figure out how to fit themback in their boxes.  well, we're making boxes.  we start with 12 cubes. we put that into a shape.  we're, um, learning about... volume.  what do you think "volume" means.  girl: volume is the amount of space that something takes up.  these shapes each contain 12 cubes, so the volume is the same, but the shape is different.  i  you to exchange your box and see if you can make your volume of cubes fit inside the new box.  kid: i don't think there's gonna be any way they're gonna fit, but if you change the shape, the cubeswillfit in the other box.   narrator: after a week in the crowded city, what's more relaxing than driving out to the country for the day.    okay, sometimes the drive is slow...  but it's a good time to think about relaxing stufflike feeding ducks.  oh. that was the worst traffic ever.  but the day's not over yet.  let's feed the ducks.  hi, mrs. renkins.   something wrong.  the chicks wandered off.  my chicken is very upset.   if i don't find 'em before dark...  yeah. not much time left to feed ducks, either.  i'll help you search.  you can feed them without me, okay, george.  but stay by the duck pen.  i don't want you to get lost like the chicks.   feeding ducks is like a relaxing brain massage.  jumpy squirrel was a good jumper...   and an even better foodfinder.  haha.  this was great.  george never had ducks swim all around him before.  if ducks swam all around, it meant he was floating downriver...  with ducks.   it was almost likebeinga duck.  let's see if the chicks are along the fence.  hey, maybe they squeezed out here.  then they could be anywhere.  maybe they'll figure out how to find their way home again.  at that very moment, the chicks were trying to find their way home, but they were bad at it.  really bad.  and speaking of lost...  george was too busy being a duck to notice he was floating away from homefast.   jumpy tried to warn george because he didn't want his friend to get lost and take all that food with him.     soon, they were in a place they'd never seen before...  ...which made george curious.   jumpy thought they should jump onto that small boat on the right.  or was it on the left.  and it wasn't small.  it wasn't even in the river.   but jumpy missed home.   trees... where a squirrel belongs.   but the river was moving too fast.  uhoh.  the sun was setting fast.   which meant time for the ducks to fly home.  right past the big rock that looked like a duck.  george realized they should be heading back that way, too.      here, chick, chick, chick, chick.  i tell you what.  let's check the cornfield before it gets too dark.  okay, they got to be around here somewhere.  hmm.   there was the renkins' silo.  the river brought them back home.  they weren't lost.  all they had to do was stop.  it was a long way to run but when they go to that silo, they knew they'd be...  completely lost.  it was the wrong silo.  uhoh.   they were now even more lost than the lost chicks.  george couldn't even find the river.  nothing looked familiar.   but there was the duck rock again. a landmark.  george had an idea.  they saw the big duck rock.  and what else did they pass on the river.  the big trees...  the boat...  and renkins' silo.  the sunset behind the renkins' silo.  suddenly, they didn't feel so lost.  they ran to that rock.  but when they got there, it didn't look like the big duck rock.  oh...  but as george walked around,  he discovered itwasthe big duck rock.  aha.  the big trees.  they had found the next landmark.   and there was the boat, another landmark.  if he followed the river all the way, he would find the silo...  with the sun right behind it.  aha.  but george realized that if he took the river all the way around, it would take too long.  hey.  they could just take a shortcut and follow the sun.   this couldn't be easier.  okay, it would have been easier if they could see where they were going.  they had to walk toward the sun.  but how could they find it now.   it was that way.    the chicks recognized those friendly monkey feet.  : we'll never find those chicks in the dark.   george.   didn't i tell you to stay at the duck pen.  oh, you brought 'em home.  you're a hero, monkey.   george, how did you do it.  uh...   after a day lost in the country, what could be more relaxing than going home to the city.  did you see a raft at the river.  uhhuh.  ll next weekend, we take a relaxing raft trip.  won't that be fun.  oh...   george is a monkey, so he can do things that we can't do.  boy: the current in the water made him float away and he got lost.  today we are at garden in the woods.  we're going to throw things in.  throw it. go.  mine.  the water is flowing and it's going really fast, and when we throw the stuff in, it pulls it somewhere else.  that current goes really slow here because these big logs are blocking it.  that current goes really fast.  we made our own current.  we put a hose down, like, a little hill.  i'm putting in little leaves like this and they go down the stream really quick.  we can make our own current.  month, pbs kids is giving your mid week a shake up.  kratt brothers: yeah.  anncr: during wild kratts' wild wednesdays.  part of summer safari.  it all kicks off on july 1st with a special creaturemission to the past, in the hourlong movie event,back in creature time.  aviva: they made it.  kratt brothers: oof.  anncr: then wednesdaysget even wilder...  kratt brothers: to the creature rescue.  anncr: ...with new wild kratts episodes every week, all month long.  kratt brothers: hurrah.  anncr: so don't miss wild wednesdays starting july 1st.  part of pbs kids' summer safari.  and check out wild kratts anytime on the pbs kidsvideo app.  kids safari.  with special episodes ofdinosaur train...  all dinosaurs: wahoo.  anncr: wild kratts...  kratt brothers: whoaaaaa.  anncr: ...and curious george.  george: he he ha ha.  anncr: pbs kids' summer safari, featuring your favorite shows all summer long.  and watch your pbs kids friends anytime on the pbs kids video app.  girl: we made the tunnel thick and strong.  i hope it doesn't collapse.  oh. oh. oh.  oh. whoa. whoa.  girl: turn on the water.  we're using pingpong balls as our boats.  boy: we'll try to control where the water goes.  girl: water likes to go downhill.  if your hands get dirty, you know that you're having fun.  boy:  this program was made possible by: ] com we believe that learning and curiosity go hand in hand.  com early learning academy, proud sponsor of pbs kids and curious george.  funding forcurious george is provided by contributions to your pbs station...  ooh.  ...and from: female announcer: george is always getting into all sorts of things.  uhoh.  he needs help cleaning up.  where do the books go.   no, books don't belong in a pie.   that's not right, either.  that's right.they belong on the shelf.  clean up all of george's bedroom or play other gameslike this at pbskids.org.  stay tuned for more pbs kids. )