 each of you has an item.  i want you to close your eyes, taste it, and see if you can guess what it is.  trust me, they're all sabroso, very delicious.  it's cold and creamy. is it milk.  right. good job.  it's crunchy, juicy, and sweet.  is it an apple.  ooh, so close. try again.  a pear.  yes.  hey, there's nothing on my plate.  oops. were you gonna eat this.  miss rosa:..  even though you couldn't see what you were tasting, you were able to guess what it was by tasting it.  to do this at home, ask an adult to find "sid the science kid"'stexture hunt games at pbsparents.org.  announcer: now let's havemath and science fun with our friend curious george.  announcer: "curious george" is made possible by v chuck e. cheese's, proud supporter of pbs kids, who know for safe fun, we need to make this cool move, before you can make these cool moves.  pbs kidswhere a kid can be a kid.  do you know what.  sunlight travels 93 million miles to ripen and dry the fruits we need to grow strong and healthy bodies.  i thought you'd be curious about that.  sunmaid proudly supports pbs kids.  rainforest cafe: proud sponsor of pbs kids, reminding you that reading and creative thinking are great ways to let your imagination run wild.    you never do knowwhat's around the bend    big adventureor a brandnew friend    when you're curiouslike curious george   swing.   well, every day  every day   is so glorious  glorious  george.   and everything  everything   is so wondrous  wondrous   there's more to explorewhen you open the door    and meet friends like this,you just can't miss    i know you're curious  curious   and that's marvelous  marvelous   and that's your reward    you'll never be bored    if you ask yourself,"what is this."    like curious...    like curious...curious george.   oh...  captioning sponsored byuniversal animation  narrator: the man with the yellow hat always said the same thing about rainy days in the country: this is great weather...  for ducks. huh.  and when the rain stopped...  it was great weather for monkeys.   mud that sounded like a duck when he squished it.  yes, it was...   duck mud.   huh.  he knew he didn't squish that quack out.  he had discovered selfquacking duck mud.   okay, it wasn't duck mud.  there were real ducks.   ooh.     ooh.   puddle ducks.  see, george.  i told you it was great weather for ducks.     you're gonna be busy, george. have fun.  jumpy squirrel suddenly became aware of two things: the rain had stopped and that hairy duck looked familiar...  hmm.    jumpy squirrel usually jumped away from anything new.  peeking duck was the same way.  maybe that's why they became good friends instantly.     george played by the puddle all day.  he even had ducks in his dreams.  i always knew you were meant to be a duck.  have a nice flight.    for centuries, people have wondered what squirrels dream about.  the next morning, george raced out for another day with puddle ducks.    something was wrong.  the puddle was smaller. a lot smaller.     george.   wow, that puddle sure shrunk.   well, puddles soak into the ground.  they don't last forever.   ducks go where there's plenty of water.  when the water's gone, they'll leave.  it's just what ducks do.    you want to come with me to mend fences at the renkins or play with the ducks before they go.  mm... quackquack.  okay. i won't be too long.     when the water was gone, there'd be no more ducks.  and there was nothing george could do about it.  nothing he could do.  if ducks wanted water, then water they would have.  hey, george.  maybe the puddle water was soaking into the ground, but the water in george's pool wasn't.   and if the water didn't go away, neither would the ducks.  all he had to do was bring it to them.   at the rate ducks were abandoning the puddle, they would all be gone very soon.   how could this be hard.  george remembered carrying this same pool at the beginning of the summer...  beforeit had water in it.   tada.  water. he forgot to refill it.    george found out the hard way that the hose was too short.   maybe it didn't have to reach. he could spray it from here.  huh.   george knew they were down to only a duck and a half.  he had to get water up that hill somehow.  ah.  he needed something that held water, but was smaller than a pail.  ooh...  hmm.  this was going to take a few trips.   george knew he couldn't fill the pool in time.    it was over.  george, i saw you runnin' up and down.  what're you doing, trying to fill a pool one cup at a time.  unhuh.  huh. city kids.  there are proper ways to carry water.  i'll show ya.  stop there or it'll be too heavy.  oh.  while i carry one up, you fill the other one halfway.  this is called a bucket brigade.  all done.  come on up.   george's idea workeda happy ending for ducks and duck lovers.  this is way too close to the edge.  i'll pull it back.   whoa.  whoa.  at that moment, jumpy remembered why he always stayed in trees.  whoa.  george, is that y... oh, my hat.   you know, there's a proper method for mop squeezing.  yup, i know, bill.  george.  i want to remind you, those ducks are here temporarily.   george wondered exactly how long he could make "temporarily" last.   girl: george is a monkey and sometimes he does things that you can't do.  and he was trying to give the ducks more water.  george found ducks, but we found geese.  man: now where do you think the water comes from that turns into this river.  it came from the rain.  a lot of this water will actually go right through the soil and become part of the river.  we're going to become animal behavior scientists.  boy: he gave us an ethnogram, which has tons of stuff that the geese do.  man: now, check off what your goose is doing.  girl 2: my goose is eating.  my goose is walking right now.  ew, one just pooped.  oh, i forgot to put pooping on the chart.  what was the behavior that we saw the most.  boy 1: it was swimming for eight minutes.  eating for five minutes.  so now you can use your data there to tell another scientist what your goose was doing.   george had been drawing all morning, but when he drew too long...  aww.  ...he got a cramp in his foot.   that's funny.  a banana driving a car.  uhuh.  oh, it's me.  well, george, i am honored to be in such a great work of art.  hey, and you know where great works of art belong.  on the refrigerator.  huh.  what we need to hold that up is a magnet.  huh.  now let me see, i remember having one somewhere.  oh. hehheh.  well, this is the only one i got.   hmmm. you're right.  it really doesn't do it justice.  okay, we have a mission go buy great magnets so you can hang that.   george, careful.  don't swing from the...  refrigerator.  yeah. okay, two missionsmagnets, refrigerator door handle.  oh, hi, professor wiseman.   hi, guys.  wow, you're in the wrong place.  that belongs in an art museum.  we're here to buy cool magnets to stick george's picture to the refrigerator.  uhhuh.  say, while you're here, do you want to see our new magnetorium.  yeah.  oh, were you talking to george.  george was in a hurry to get home and hang up his drawing, but hewascurious.  welcome to the magnetorium.  ah.  i think magnetism is my favorite invisible force.  george knew he could spend all day here, but they were on a mission.  hmm. oh, right.  we'll come back another day and play with all this stuff.  before you go, try to touch this magnet against the back of the cars.  now try to touch it to the front.  huh.  everything isn't magnetic, just certain metals.  oh.   george, checkthisout.  this isn't a magnet, see.  huh.  but anything attracted to a magnet can be turned into a magnet by rubbing the magnet on it like this, in the same direction.  ah... huh...  it's all so amazing.  wiseman: oh.  i almost forgot this.  what amazing thing does that do.  this.  it's the pizza pan you lent me.  i'm returning it.  thanks.    narrator: george was still in a hurry to buy some small magnets and get home.  but first, he needed to know what else in here was magnetic.  dinosaur skeleton.  no.  stone aardvark.  uhuh.  suit of armor.   yesvery.  oh, there. george.  got it.  okay, pull him off.     george. leg. armor. tipping.  yeah, okay, i think it's time to give back the big magnet, george.  narrator: george wanted to complete their mission...  ...but he liked playing with a big magnet, too.   thank you, george.  all right, let's buy lots of fun magnets, okay.  narrator: george wasn't sure if he'd magnetized the pan.  he had to find something to test it on.  okay, george, let's go.  they are going to look so great on the refrigerator.  narrator: their mission completed, george was ready to rush home, except...  ah, we have one more stop, remember.  we need a new refrigerator door handle.  ooh, they don't make parts for an ice cubby omega anymore.  it's too old.  how about a nice, new refrigerator.  old.  it's a classic. i love it.  no, i won't give up till i find an ice cubby omega handle.  narrator: george felt like he'd never hang his drawing.  and then he saw it.  george told them the whole story, and that he'd be right back with the man with the yellow hat.  eh, what'd he say.  i don't know.  i don't speak monkey.  narrator: when he got back with the man, it was gone.  um, is what you wanted to show me gone.  hey, where's the panand your drawing.  narrator: george remembered putting it down, but it was gone, too.  ma'am, did you see a pizza pan with a nice drawing stuck to it.  uh... before or after they took my old refrigerator to the junkyard.  look, i don't know how it happened, but if your drawing's here, george, i'll find it.  why don't you watch the big magnet while i talk to the owner.  uh, excuse me.  george sure loves magnets. could he watch.  well, sure.  now, don't go anywhere.  this is a powerful electromagnet.  hit that red button and watch what happens.    crane operator: you see.  that turns the magnet off so we can drop stuff.  hit the green one.  that picks stuff up.  hit the red button and drop 'er in the crusher.  narrator: george couldn't let his best drawing ever go into the crusher.  crane operator: not the lever, the button.  chances of finding a pizza pan in all this stuff...  that's it.  and that's the exact handle i need.  how much you want for it.  ooh, i got to give that crane man a raise.   narrator: george and the man with the yellow hat did everything they set out to do that day.  good night, g...  george.   narrator: now he'd done it all.  good night, george.  curious george is a monkey.  so he can do things that you can't.  boy 2: he was playing with a very large and powerful magnet.  a magnet is something that pulls certain kinds of metal toward it.  boy 1: this is kind of like a magnet.  cool.  all i had to do was rub this magnet against this paper clip.  i'm taking one magnet and putting it on top of the other magnet, which makes them stick.  but when you turn one of the magnets around, it does not stick.  the refrigerator is made out of metal.  i think there's a magnet here.  boy 2: bogdon is going to test it.  they're sticking, this proves that there's a magnet inside here.  that's why the door stays closed.  curious george loves learning new things.  so what if we learn how to count to 3 in spanish.  first, we know how to count to 3 in english, right.  that was easy.  now let's try itin spanish. ready.  ..  ..  tres.  excelente.  you can play and learnmore counting games with curious georgeat pbskids.org.  " announcer: "curious george" is made possible rainforest cafe: proud sponsor of pbs kids, reminding you that reading and creative thinking are great ways to let your imagination run wild.  do you know what.  sunlight travels 93 million miles to ripen and dry the fruits we need to grow strong and healthy bodies.  i thought you'd be curious about that.  sunmaid proudly supports pbs kids.  chuck e. cheese's, proud supporter of pbs kids, who know kids should act their age, especially when they're having fun.  pbs kids: where a kid can be a kid.  do you know what.  scientist in the house.  announcer: it's "sid the science kid," on pbs kids.  did you hear the one about the kid who wanted to know everything about everything.  announcer: he investigates.  let's go get some answers.  announcer: inquires.  have you ever seen a chart.   announcer: and explores the big questions.  banana, why did you have to go and get all brown and mushy.  announcer: it's"sid the science kid," weekdays, only on pbs kids.  see ya later, scientists.  pbs kids.  rainforest cafe: proud sponsor of pbs kids, reminding you that reading and creative thinking are great ways to let your imagination run wild.  curious georgeis alsobrought to you by contributions to your pbs station and from:   you never do knowwhat's around the bend    big adventureor a brandnew friend    when you're curiouslike curious george   swing.   well, every day  every day   is so glorious  glorious  george.   and everything  everything   is so wondrous  wondrous   there's more to explorewhen you open the door    and meet friends like this,you just can't miss    i know you're curious  curious   and that's marvelous  marvelous   and that's your reward    you'll never be bored    if you ask yourself,"what is this."    like curious...    like curious...curious george.   oh...  captioning sponsored byuniversal animation  narrator: the man with the yellow hat always said the same thing about rainy days in the country: this is great weather...  for ducks. huh.  and when the rain stopped...  it was great weather for monkeys.   mud that sounded like a duck when he squished it.  yes, it was...   duck mud.   huh.  he knew he didn't squish that quack out.  he had discovered selfquacking duck mud.   okay, it wasn't duck mud.  there were real ducks.   ooh.     ooh.   puddle ducks.  see, george.  i told you it was great weather for ducks.     you're gonna be busy, george. have fun.  jumpy squirrel suddenly became aware of two things: the rain had stopped and that hairy duck looked familiar...  hmm.    jumpy squirrel usually jumped away from anything new.  peeking duck was the same way.  maybe that's why they became good friends instantly.     george played by the puddle all day.  he even had ducks in his dreams.  i always knew you were meant to be a duck.  have a nice flight.    for centuries, people have wondered what squirrels dream about.  the next morning, george raced out for another day with puddle ducks.    something was wrong.  the puddle was smaller. a lot smaller.     george.   wow, that puddle sure shrunk.   well, puddles soak into the ground.  they don't last forever.   ducks go where there's plenty of water.  when the water's gone, they'll leave.  it's just what ducks do.    you want to come with me to mend fences at the renkins or play with the ducks before they go.  mm... quackquack.  okay. i won't be too long.     when the water was gone, there'd be no more ducks.  and there was nothing george could do about it.  nothing he could do.  if ducks wanted water, then water they would have.  hey, george.  maybe the puddle water was soaking into the ground, but the water in george's pool wasn't.   and if the water didn't go away, neither would the ducks.  all he had to do was bring it to them.   at the rate ducks were abandoning the puddle, they would all be gone very soon.   how could this be hard.  george remembered carrying this same pool at the beginning of the summer...  beforeit had water in it.   tada.  water. he forgot to refill it.    george found out the hard way that the hose was too short.   maybe it didn't have to reach. he could spray it from here.  huh.   george knew they were down to only a duck and a half.  he had to get water up that hill somehow.  ah.  he needed something that held water, but was smaller than a pail.  ooh...  hmm.  this was going to take a few trips.   george knew he couldn't fill the pool in time.    it was over.  george, i saw you runnin' up and down.  what're you doing, trying to fill a pool one cup at a time.  unhuh.  huh. city kids.  there are proper ways to carry water.  i'll show ya.  stop there or it'll be too heavy.  oh.  while i carry one up, you fill the other one halfway.  this is called a bucket brigade.  all done.  come on up.   george's idea workeda happy ending for ducks and duck lovers.  this is way too close to the edge.  i'll pull it back.   whoa.  whoa.  at that moment, jumpy remembered why he always stayed in trees.  whoa.  george, is that y... oh, my hat.   you know, there's a proper method for mop squeezing.  yup, i know, bill.  george.  i want to remind you, those ducks are here temporarily.   george wondered exactly how long he could make "temporarily" last.   girl: george is a monkey and sometimes he does things that you can't do.  and he was trying to give the ducks more water.  george found ducks, but we found geese.  man: now the charles river is a freshwater ecosystem.  now where do you think the water comes from that turns into this river.  it came from the rain.  a lot of this water will actually go right through the soil and become part of the river.  boy: we are trying to find out the different things that geese do.  we're going to become animal behavior scientists.  boy: he gave us an ethnogram, which has tons of stuff that the geese do.  man: now, pick a goose and check off what your goose is doing.  girl 2: my goose is eating.  my goose is walking right now.  ew, one just pooped.  oh, i forgot to put pooping on the chart.   boy: the geese are honking.  they might be mad.  check off what your goose is doing now.  now he's swimming. girl 1: my goose is walking.  what was the behavior that we saw the most.  boy 1: it was swimming for eight minutes.  eating for five minutes.  man: how many minutes did it spend walking.  seven. so now you can use your data there to tell another scientist what your goose was doin rl 1: it's fun to watch animals in nature 'cause then you can see what life is in the outside.   george had been drawing all morning, but when he drew too long...  aww.  ...he got a cramp in his foot.   that's funny.  a banana driving a car.  uhuh.  oh, it's me.  well, george, i am honored to be in such a great work of art.  hey, and you know where great works of art belong.  on the refrigerator.  huh.  what we need to hold that up is a magnet.  huh.  now let me see, i remember having one somewhere.  oh. hehheh.  well, this is the only one i got.   hmmm. you're right.  it really doesn't do it justice.  okay, we have a mission go buy great magnets so you can hang that.   george, careful.  don't swing from the...  refrigerator.  yeah. okay, two missionsmagnets, refrigerator door handle.  oh, hi, professor wiseman.   hi, guys.  wow, you're in the wrong place.  that belongs in an art museum.  we're here to buy cool magnets to stick george's picture to the refrigerator.  uhhuh.  say, while you're here, do you want to see our new magnetorium.  yeah.  oh, were you talking to george.  george was in a hurry to get home and hang up his drawing, but hewascurious.  welcome to the magnetorium.  ah.  i think magnetism is my favorite invisible force.  george knew he could spend all day here, but they were on a mission.  hmm. oh, right.  we'll come back another day and play with all this stuff.  before you go, try to touch this magnet against the back of the cars.  now try to touch it to the front.  huh.  everything isn't magnetic, just certain metals.  oh.   george, checkthisout.  this isn't a magnet, see.  huh.  but anything attracted to a magnet can be turned into a magnet by rubbing the magnet on it like this, in the same direction.  ah... huh...  it's all so amazing.  wiseman: oh.  i almost forgot this.  what amazing thing does that do.  this.  it's the pizza pan you lent me.  i'm returning it.  thanks.    narrator: george was still in a hurry to buy some small magnets and get home.  but first, he needed to know what else in here was magnetic.  dinosaur skeleton.  no.  stone aardvark.  uhuh.  suit of armor.   yesvery.  oh, there. george.  got it.  okay, pull him off.     george. leg. armor. tipping.  yeah, okay, i think it's time to give back the big magnet, george.  narrator: george wanted to complete their mission...  ...but he liked playing with a big magnet, too.   thank you, george.  all right, let's buy lots of fun magnets, okay.  narrator: george wasn't sure if he'd magnetized the pan.  he had to find something to test it on.  okay, george, let's go.  they are going to look so great on the refrigerator.  narrator: their mission completed, george was ready to rush home, except...  ah, we have one more stop, remember.  we need a new refrigerator door handle.  ooh, they don't make parts for an ice cubby omega anymore.  it's too old.  how about a nice, new refrigerator.  old.  it's a classic. i love it.  no, i won't give up till i find an ice cubby omega handle.  narrator: george felt like he'd never hang his drawing.  and then he saw it.  george told them the whole story, and that he'd be right back with the man with the yellow hat.  eh, what'd he say.  i don't know.  i don't speak monkey.  narrator: when he got back with the man, it was gone.  um, is what you wanted to show me gone.  hey, where's the panand your drawing.  narrator: george remembered putting it down, but it was gone, too.  ma'am, did you see a pizza pan with a nice drawing stuck to it.  uh... before or after they took my old refrigerator to the junkyard.  look, i don't know how it happened, but if your drawing's here, george, i'll find it.  why don't you watch the big magnet while i talk to the owner.  uh, excuse me.  george sure loves magnets. could he watch.  well, sure.  now, don't go anywhere.  this is a powerful electromagnet.  hit that red button and watch what happens.    crane operator: you see.  that turns the magnet off so we can drop stuff.  hit the green one.  that picks stuff up.  hit the red button and drop 'er in the crusher.  narrator: george couldn't let his best drawing ever go into the crusher.  crane operator: not the lever, the button.  chances of finding a pizza pan in all this stuff...  that's it.  and that's the exact handle i need.  how much you want for it.  ooh, i got to give that crane man a raise.   narrator: george and the man with the yellow hat did everything they set out to do that day.  good night, g...  george.   narrator: now he'd done it all.  good night, george.  curious george is a monkey.  so he can do things that you can't.  boy 2: he was playing with a very large and powerful magnet.  today, we're playing with magnets.  these are magnets.  boy 2: a magnet is something that pulls certain kinds of metal toward it.  boy 1: this is kind of like a magnet.  it can pick up things.  cool.  all i had to do was rub this magnet against this paper clip.  i'm taking one magnet and putting it on top of the other magnet, which makes them stick.  but when you turn one of the magnets around, it does not stick.  boy 2: i have a magnet under the table, and i'm moving it around.  boy 1: the magnetic force goes through the table.  boy 2: a force is something that pulls something and something together.  to the kitchen.  the refrigerator is made out of metal.  that's why the magnets in the letters stick.  i need the "f." "freight." i think there's a magnet here.  boy 2: bogdon is going to test it.  they're sticking, this proves that there's a magnet inside here.  that's why the door stays closed.  lly chattering) for more fun with curious george and his friends, visit your local library and read more curious georgeadventures.  or visit thecurious georgeweb site at: captioned bymedia access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org "curious george" introduces children to math and science concepts.  org, you can help your child's early math development with the pbs parents guide to early math.  ..  sgsgsgsgswscsssssgssbgsws this programwas made possible rainforest cafe: proud sponsor of pbs kids, reminding you that reading and creative thinking are great ways to let your imagination run wild.  do you know what.  sunlight travels 93 million miles to ripen and dry the fruits we need to grow strong and healthy bodies.  i thought you'd be curious about that.  sunmaid proudly supports pbs kids.  chuck e. cheese's, proud supporter of pbs kids, who know kids should act their age, especially when they're having fun.  pbs kids: where a kid can be a kid.  curious georgeis alsobrought to you by contributions to your pbs station and from: come on.  ah.   )