  i want to learn something new every day   all right. hello.  well today, we're going to be counting lots of numbersmuchos numeros.  counting. i love counting.  ok. well, come on over.  let's play a counting game.  are you ready.  yes. yes.  counting cloth, counting cloth, ..  crayons. crayones. go.  good job. let's do it again.  counting cloth, counting cloth, ..  apples. manzanas. go.  good job.  hey. una manzana.  apples are tasty.  " announcer: "curious george" is made possible by v chuck e. cheese's, proud supporter of pbs kids, who know for safe fun, we need to make this cool move, before you can make these cool moves.  pbs kidswhere a kid can be a kid.  do you know what.  sunlight travels 93 million miles to ripen and dry the fruits we need to grow strong and healthy bodies.  i thought you'd be curious about that.  sunmaid proudly supports pbs kids.  rainforest cafe: proud sponsor of pbs kids, reminding you that reading and creative thinking are great ways to let your imagination run wild.    you never do knowwhat's around the bend    big adventureor a brandnew friend    when you're curiouslike curious george   swing.   well, every day  every day   is so glorious  glorious  george.   and everything  everything   is so wondrous  wondrous   there's more to explorewhen you open the door    and meet friends like this,you just can't miss    i know you're curious  curious   and that's marvelous  marvelous   and that's your reward    you'll never be bored    if you ask yourself,"what is this."    like curious...    like curious...curious george.   oh...  captioning sponsored byuniversal animation george liked visiting professor wiseman because she did so many different things.  this time she was helping out on a rocket launch and the man with the yellow hat was going to ride the rocket.  so, you ready to be the first average, untrained person shot into space. i sure am.   there's only room for one, george, but i have a special seat for you right beside me so you can watch.   this is dr. alvin einstein and professor anthony pizza.  wow, are you related to the famous...  no, i'm not.  me, neither.  the international space station's food supply has run out.  we found a peanut.  it was in the cushion of my chair.  this man with the yellow hat will bring your food supply today.  so, then it's okay to eat the peanut now.   yes, you may eat the peanut.  so, uh, this is your rocket designed by professor wiseman.  ah...  ooh...  it's up to you to launch the food payload at exactly the proper moment.  after it detaches from the rocket, it will connect to the space station.  can we count on you.  sure can.  ooh.   ooh...  professor pizza and i are loading extra experiments you'll deliver with the food.  george wanted to see what these experiments were.  george, careful.  this is an expensive, hitech...   raccoon.  they'll live at the space station so we can study how they adapt to life in space.   george could see into all the containers...  ...except this one.  what was hidden in there.  show him the most important part.  these keypads launch the payload.  you hit these two keys on each pad at the same time on all four at the same time.  yes, at the exact moment the rocket passes the space station.  i can't.  i only have two hands.  : the keypads were pizza's idea.  the raccoon was my idea.  the four keypads was yours.  oh, here we go...  check your memos.  i specifically remember when you came up with four keypads...  oh, we have to scrub the mission.  or find an astronaut with four hands.  hey...  haha.  hmm.  don't be sad.  you could've gone if you had four hands.  be a good little monkey... in space.  wiseman: ten, nine...  eight, seven, six...  five, four...  three, two, one.  ignition.  george, you've achieved orbit.  to your left is earth.  huh.  ooh...  to your right, you're passing the space station.   don't worry. you're circling the earth, so you'll pass it again when you've done one complete orbit.  did i mention the lower gravity in space plus the motion of the rocket make you weightless.  he's about to pass out of communication range.  george, we're going to be out of contact for a few minutes.  don't be scared, george.  see you soon.  phew.  there was nothing to do now but wait to push those buttons and wonderwhat was in that box.  he'd seen how heavy these boxes were, so he gave a mighty monkey tug and found out he wasn't the only thing that weighed less in space.  toys.  it was full of toys.    : poor george.  i hope he's not too scared being alone and out of contact.  george had never seen a top spin so long before.  space was a great place to play.  whoo.  george wondered whether these toys would be more fun if he had someone to play with.  he's coming back into communication range.  what's happened.  where's george.   george, you must put the experiments away.  hurry. it's almost time to send them to the space station.  at least he didn't free the ants.  oh.  if ants get into the back, they might eat the astronauts' food.  huh.  in 28 seconds, he'll be in position to launch the payload.   wiseman: you have 20 seconds to get everything ready to launch.  ooh...  aah...  oh...  oh...  aha...   but george wasn't ready in time.    he's got to do it next time around.  george, you'll only get one more chance.  then, succeed or fail, we have to bring you home.  both: we are really hungry.    hard to believe, but cleaning his room had prepared george for an important mission in space.      ah.  ya.    man: he looks ready.  george, are you ready to launch.   excellent.  i'll tell you when.  al: uh, maybe we shouldn't have sent a monkey.  shh.   now, george, now.     man & wiseman: he did it.  great job, george.  thank you, george.   you're in position to return home.  pull the lever to fire propulsion rockets.  george, pull the lever now, or you'll be out of position.    what happens if he pulls the lever late.  he could land anywheretop of a mountain, the north pole.  george, pull the lever now.  huh.  oh.   so, george was a hero.   and he proved, just because you're a small monkey doesn't mean you can't take care of everything...  down to the tiniest details. aw...  boy: george is a monkey, so sometimes he can do things that you can't do.  he was launched into space and in orbit around the earth.  woman: welcome to the charles hayden planetarium at the museum of science in boston.  orbit means going around something.  woman: i want you all to imagine we have a big space cannon.  boy: boom.  girl: it didn't go so fast.  so if we launch the basketball faster...  girl: it would come back around and around and around.  we used a spoon to launch the pompom.  woman: your goal is to get your satellite in the earth's orbit, between the two lines.  girl: our little satellite only went straight up.  then noreen put a block under the spoon to change the angle.  blastoff.  now it's working great.  noreen: you got it in earth orbit.  children: yay...   one of george's favorite things about being in the country...  ...was running his own railroad.  whoowhoo.    hello.  oh, hi, bill.  the kite flyers convention just ended.  i'm going to be coming home on the number 7 train.  okay. what time will your train arrive at the station.  the number 7 arrives home at exactly 3:00.  all right, i'll be there. byebye.  george, you wouldn't want to bother coming to the train station to pick bill up, would you.   hey.  : iit's too early to go now.  his train won't arrive for hours.   oh, i'll show you how it works.  this is the train bill will be on.   this is you and me.  even ifwe'reat the train station, we have to wait until 3:00 for bill's train to get from there to here.  uhuh, uhuh, uhuh.   : okay.  we can go to the station early, and you'll see how it really works.  woohah.  this was exciting.  george had never been to the train station before.  well, hey there, young fellas.  taking a trip, are you.  i recommend traveling by boat.  oh, we're not traveling.  george wants to see how trains run.  well, would you like to see it from inside the station's very nerve center.  : uhhuh, uhhuh, uhhuh.  are we allowed up there. well, of course.  my brother's the stationmaster.  i'm bringing his lunch.  hey, flint.  hey, clint.  meet my mates, george and...  why, you're the man with the yeller hat.  i see you in town from up here 'cause you stick out like a...  like a big yellow thing sticking out.  yeah. well, this particular little monkey wants to see how real trains run.  yeah, yeah, well, i'm a stationmaster.  from here i watch every train on the line.  it's important for me to track every train to keep them on schedule.  there, now, see that.  the number 1 train's supposed to get here first.  number 2 second, 3 thirduh, simple.  hah. hah.   exactly. i have to get that number 1 ahead of the number 2.   number 2, i'm switching you to the rightofway so number 1 can pass.  engineer: okay, stationmaster.  so i've got to switch the tracks to move it ahead.  george saw exactlyhow stationmaster flint did his job.  flint: time for the number 1 to come into the station.  see there. follow me.   and there's the number 1, right on time.  now you know enough to run the railroad yourself.  lunch break.  no thanks.  great northern railroad.  are you tryin' to cheat me, clint.  oh, trim your sails there, flint.  what's your beef.  yours is big.  mine's all small on the ends like...  like something with small ends.  well, i cut 'em in half, and a half is a half.  i'll make a new one and show you you're as wrong as pants on a trout.  you be judge, so it's fair.  um, shouldn't someone be running the railroad.  oh, it's okay.  i always stretch my legs at lunch.  anything unusual happens, this warning bell rings.  george can stay.  he can't harm anything.  remember. be a good little monkey.  while bill waited for the number 7 train to arrive, george was able to find the station where bill was waiting.  he also saw...  the trains were out of order.   then they got even more scrambled.   luckily, george had paid attention to what station master flint showed him.  he could fix this.  station master, this is number 7.  why did number 9 pass us.   hello.   uh... could you repeat that.   um, okay, whatever you say.  george could run toy trains and count to ten.  how tough could this be.   huh. could you repeat that.   conductor: what did he say.  number 7, number 8, anybody understand that.  i don't understand him, but i trust him.    fast work, station master.  we're all in order.  huh..  um, station master.  we're sort of out of order again.       station master, you did say "reverse," didn't you.   real trains were even easier than toy trains for a smart monkey.  oh.  all he had to do was simply move the number 5 train first.  george was a great train master.  the five moved into position, followed by...  8, 7, 9 and 6.  huh..    then 6, 7, 9, 8 and 5.  then 7, 5, 6, 8, 9.  whoa. whoa.  6, 9, 7, 5, 8.  5, 6, 8, 9, 7.  7, 5, 6, 8, 9.  .. 8, 7, 9, 5, 6...  ..  and then... 356..   conductor: is it just me, or did that sound like a monkey.  this wasn't like his toy trains anymore.  george needed help.  flint was right outside comparing jelly sandwiches, unaware that a little monkey needed him.  george didn't know why that warning bell wasn't going off.  see, if the whole sandwiches are equal, the halves must be, too, right.    thanks for holding down the fort, george.  i'll take it from here.   all: whoa.   that was the craziest train ride ever.  you wouldn't believe it, george.  george still wanted to be a station master, but only in his own home, where he could eat a onepiece sandwich.  cutting sandwiches in half only leads to trouble.  girl: george is a monkey, so he can do things that you can't do.  he was trying to get the trains in the right track in the right order.  teacher: i'm going to tell you the parts of the day and it's your job to put them in order.  girl: we're making our own schedule.  it's the order of what you're going to do.  the first thing we're doing is art.  my schedule says that i have another class coming in.  we couldn't do art, so we went to recess.  ooh...  right now is the wetu project.  what are wetus.  i can't explain it to you because it was something that was going to come up in a book that we were going to read.  boy: our schedule was in the wrong order.  girl: so we had to switch reading and the wetu project.  ecktomi was living in his wetu, his domeshaped house.  now that you know what a wetu is...  girl: this is what a wetu looks like.  boy: we did make our own schedule, but it's not easy.  hola.  i was just finishing up this picture of my favorite treean apple tree.  what color do you think we should use for tree trunk.  purple. purple.  . all right.  i've never seen a purple tree before, but let's try it.  even though in real life you don't see purple trees, we made something new and special.  i like it.  and curious george likes to make new things, too.  and you can play morewith him at pbskids.org.  up next, explorewhat the big idea is with sid the science kid.  announcer: "curious george" is made possible rainforest cafe: proud sponsor of pbs kids, reminding you that reading and creative thinking are great ways to let your imagination run wild.  do you know what.  sunlight travels 93 million miles to ripen and dry the fruits we need to grow strong and healthy bodies.  i thought you'd be curious about that.  sunmaid proudly supports pbs kids.  chuck e. cheese's, proud supporter of pbs kids, who know kids should act their age, especially when they're having fun.  pbs kids: where a kid can be a kid.  do you know what.  calling all super readers.  announcer: want to go on a reading adventure.  it's time to transport.  announcer:" join the super readers..  lickety letters.  ..  roll with me.  ..  wands up.  and super why.  super job, super readers.  the fun starts whenthe reading begins.  weekdays on "super why," only on pbs kids. )