  and that's your reward    you'll never be bored    if you ask yourself,"what is this."    like curious...    like curious...curious george.   oh.  captioning sponsored byuniversal animation  narrator: sometimes it's tough to explain what makes something really, really funny.   and sometimes it's not.  and after that, i decided to only wear yellow.  hey.  oh, that.  yeah, that's my lemonade stand.  one summer, i got a new soccer ball from running that stand.  oh.  which reminds methere's lemonade in the fridge if you're thirsty.  i just stocked up.  i am really looking forward to coming home and having icecold lemonade.  be a good little monkey.  bye.   ooh.   man: those shorts were a gift from my grandma.  george wasn't thinking about funny shorts now.  he needed a new soccer ball.  and if a lemonade stand worked for the boy with the yellow hat, it could work for george.  aha.   hey, george.  whew.  it's a real scorcher, huh.  uhhuh, uhhuh, uhhuh.  ah.  oh, you want a lemon crate.  sure, go right ahead.   george now had his very own lemonade stand.  this w ptty easy.  whew.  wow, is it ever hot.  hey, is that lemonade.  uhhuh, uhhuh.  ah.  thanks, but i can't drink all that.  don't you have any cups.  oh.  uh...  that's still a lot.  how about...  there.  that's a good amount.  george never knew you could make one cup of lemonade into two.  delicious.  let me give you a little something.  what a great business.  george wondered why everyone didn't have a lemonade stand.  here you go. thanks.  he wasn't sure how this was going to work, but george wouldn't give up while he still had lemonade left.     george didn't speak dog or cat...   but he knew begging when he saw it.  he couldn't give them too much because this lemonadewas going to get him a soccer ball.  but charkie and gnocchi didn't know george's plan.  they were just thirsty.  uhuhuh.  uhuhuh.   ooh. i'd like some lemonade.  or maybe not.  hey. hey.  can i give you some advice.  uhhuh.  people prefer unlicked lemonade.  george decided to set up where no one knew of the licking incident.  george, i sell this same lemonade.  how would you like it if i came to your house and did monkey stuff before you could get to it.  unfortunately, some people didn't want competition.   some people were just too busy.  hey. we have a present for you.  a brandnew soccer ball.  wow. you guys are fantastic.  let's go play soccer.  let's go. that's great.  thanks for the ball.  and some people had soccer balls.  george was ready to quit.  but he decided to try one last location.  there you are, charkie.  i've been looking for you all morning.  hi, george.   oh. is this your lemonade stand.  are you making much money.  you have to charge money, george.  now george realized what the man with the yellow hat meant.  he earned money andboughta ball.  but, if george was having trouble giving it away, how could he get people to pay for it.  hey, did you hear.  an icedtea truck sprung a leak at the zoo and the elephants drank it all.  i heard it was on its way to the construction site.  now those poor workers have nothing to drink.  you know, they must be the hottest, thirstiest people in town.  are you thinking what i'm thinking.   boy, it's hot.  get your lemonade, fresh from the monkey.  lemonade..  lemonade.. well, thank heaven for monkeys.  thanks, monkey.  wow. business is great here.  one, two, three, four.  okay, next four, get your lemonade.  this is really good. thanks, george.  boy. this is some lemonade. mmm.  uhoh. we need to sell the rest of the lemonade to buy a soccer ball, and there's no one left in line.  excuse me.  is that lemonade for sale.  uhhuh, uhhuh, uhhuh.  hey, there's more lemonade.  come on, guys.  four more thirsty customers.  aha.  narrator: george only had two more glasses of lemonade.  uhoh.  four more, please, george.  the monkey's out of lemonade.  where else can we go.  george remembered how to turn two cups of lemonade into four.  good job, george.  half the size for half the price.  thanks, george.  ah... oh...  thank goodness. mmm...  mmm, oh, it's everything i hoped it would be.  mmm. the monkey really makes the difference.   ah...  wow. we made a lot of money today, george.  we sold every last drop of your lemonade.  oh...  but itwasn't george's lemonade.  ah. i am really looking forward to coming home and having icecold lemonade.  he had to replace it before the thirsty man with the yellow hat came home.  one, two, three, four george.  where did all the lemonade go.  did you take our lemonade out for a walk.  hmm.  oh. yeah, i noticed our soccer ball was flat, so i got a new one.  it worked.  george ran a lemonade stand andgot a soccer ball.  and the man with the yellow hat learned how to make lemonade come out of george's nose.    boy: george is a monkey, and sometimes he does stuff we can't do.  girl: he figured out a way to give them all a share of lemonade.  boy: we went outside and started playing.  one of us got thirsty, and then all of us got thirsty.  boy: and then we decided that we should come in to get some juice.  there's three juices and four kids.  we should divide them.  we need a measuring cup.  now we have one cup of juice.  now i'm going to put the rest of the juice in the bottle into the measuring cup.  we don't have a cup so i need to go to the next bottle.  now we've got two even glasses of juice so now we're just going to do the same thing we did a few seconds ago.  we've only made three cups of juice so far.  there's a teenyweeny bit of juice.  that didn't come up to a cup so we're gonna have to use some of this.  we emptied this one and this one, but this one still has some juice in it, now, and we also have the four cups which are even now.  kids: everybody gets the same amount of juice.  so what are we gonna do with this.  narrator: george was happy just about anywhere, city or country.  but jumpy squirrel jumped from tree to tree because that's about the only place he felt comfortable.  hey, is that jumpy squirrel.    i don't know what that guy's doing.  i didn't get a good look at it.  a monkey like curious george can't stand a mystery.  you want to go back and see what's up, don't you.  uhhuh, uhhuh, uhhuh, uhhuh.  okay, but rememberbe a good little monkey.     hey, george.  boy, for a city kid, he's one fast runner.  he saw a workman back on the road and has to see what he's doing.  didn't you hear.  they're putting up a traffic light.  a traffic light.  out in the country.  well, i guess you can't stop progress.  jumpy squirrel couldn't stop because he was busy gathering up nuts to store for winter, and he'd found a lot of them across the road.  oh...  those branches block the light.  see ya.  bye.   jumpy was sure this was how he crossed the road.  and what was that thing.  what happened here.  uhoh.   there was no way to get back safely.     phew.  hmm...  george noticed that people seemed to like red a lot, because they all stopped to look at it.  people who liked red didn't like green.  when the light turned green, everybody drove away.  and when it came to yellow, so far people only liked it enough to slow down and look a little bit.  the lights were always changing.  people didn't get much time to enjoy their favorite colors.  so, george thought of a way to make it more fair for everyone.  george made a special green side, because someone who liked green was bound to show up.  a yellow side for those who might prefer yellow...  ...and a red side, which george predicted would be the most popular.  yeah.  huh.  wow, never saw a light that was all green before.  it's cool, man.  george was thrilled.  the green light was a winner.  hmm, guess it ain't ever gonna turn red.  uhuh.  what a great idea.  i hate stopping.  yellowanother winner.  isn't this light ever going to turn green.  uhuh, uhuh, uhuh.  look at all those cars.  red sure was popular.  this was the best idea he ever had.  but jumpy squirrel wasn't quite as pleased.  since nobody stopped to look at green, he never felt safe enough to cross the road.  maybe jumpy wasn't the only one who didn't appreciate george's work.  what's going on here. move it.   hmm.  george didn't understand why they were unhappy.  if they didn't like it, why didn't they just drive past the red light.   oh, hiya, george.  hi.  hiya, george.  see, this is why boat travel is always best.   hey, clint. hey, wint.  george, you remember my brother wint.  hey, george.  hi.  i was proceeding northward and encountered stationary vehicles.  thought i should investigate, hmm.  hmm...  that's not right.  hmm...  thanks, wint.   oh, did you do this. uhhuh.  but now, george, you're from the city.  you must see traffic lights every day.  don't you know how they work.  george only paid attention to the lights that told him when to walk.  those other lights were for drivers, and he didn't drive.  well, you're young, and you are a monkey, but you should try to be more curious about important things.  well,, it's simple: green means the cars should go. yellow means slow down. red means the cars have to stop.  oh.  don't interfere with that light while it's performing its duty.  okay, george.  i don't even know why they put a traffic light out here in the middle of nowhere. seems wron  huh.  the light was out, but that wasn't so bad.  it wasn't even there yesterday.   except that yesterday jumpy had his branch bridge to cross the road on.  then george thought of something he could do to help.  since george now understood how a traffic light worked...  he was ready to be one.  with george in charge, that traffic light worked better than before.  at least it was better for squirrels.    george, you promised to let that light perform its duty.   wha.... ah, it's not performing its duty.  i apologize, george, but get down.   hey, that's the squirrel i always witness proceeding across the road on those high branches.  hmm...  did they cut off his squirrel crossing for that light.   we don't even need this light.  there's hardly any traffic.  well, george, squirrel...  chicken and chicks, too, i am going to see that this situation is resolved.  that's my job.   it turned out they'd put that light up on the wrong corner.  it was meant to go up in the middle of town.  wint quint and clint quint put up a temporary squirrel bridge until the tree branches could grow back.   and george decided to look at the traffic lights back in the city.  maybe some of them needed a monkey.  boy 1: girl: george is a monkey, so he can do things you can't do.  boy: he changed a traffic signal so it didn't work right.  today we're gonna talk about symbols and sign.  what do they help us do.  communicating.  today we're making signs for our school.  this is the boys' bathroom.  there's an "n" missing from the "men." so what do you think we may need here.  i have a boy and these arrows are facing into the boys' bathroom.  she put two arrows.  if you put only one arrow, you'd be walking into boxes in the wall.   you have to go straight in and then turn.  we're at the front entrance.  teacher: when you come here you have to sign in to the office.  girl: we should, like, draw a picture of, like, a desk or something and then point the arrow up.  boy: we're gonna test the sign with a real person.  i think it means that the office is upstairs.  she got it right.  what area of the school is this.  we use these doors when there is a fire alarm.  this is a sign for the emergency exit.  it looks like this is the alarm, and it's making a sound and it looks like that's fire and looks like somebody's going out the door.  she figured out my sign just right.  girl: our signs worked better than george's crazy traffic light.  lly chattering) for more fun with curious george and his friends, visit your local library and read more curious georgeadventures.  or visit thecurious georgeweb site at: captioned bymedia access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org "curious george" introduces children to math and science concepts.  org, you can help your child's early math development with the pbs parents guide to early math.  ..  sgsgsgsgswsgsssrsgsgzg this programwabl rainforest cafe: proud sponsor of pbs kids, reminding you that reading and creative thinking are great ways to let your imagination run wild.  do you know what.  sunlight travels 93 million miles to ripen and dry the fruits we need to grow strong and healthy bodies.  i thought you'd be curious about that.  sunmaid proudly supports pbs kids.  chuck e. cheese's, proud supporter of pbs kids, who know kids should act their age, especially when they're having fun.  pbs kids: where a kid can be a kid.  curious georgeis alsobrought to you by contributions to your pbs station and from: is by: )