 miss rosa: it's the pbs kids field trip.  can you guess where we're going today.  here's a clue.  so did you guess where we are today.  yes, at the grocery store, where you can buy all sorts of food, like milk and eggs or these vegetables and fruit.  where does it all come from.  well, hey, there's charlie. he works here.  let's go ask.  hey, kids, how's it going.  every day, fresh fruits and vegetables are delivered to this store, and it's my job to make sure they're put out, and we're out of bananas.  boy: where are the bananas.  they're back in the storeroom.  come on. let's go. let's go.  this is it.  ah, so this is where you keep the groceries before they go out into the store.  and it's a great place to make sure everything looks fresh, and these look great.  can i have one. yeah. sure.  you never know what you might learn when you explore new places and new things.   this program was made possible by: believe curiosity can fuel a lifetime of learning.  com early learning academy, proud sponsor of pbs kids and curious george.  funding forcurious george is provided by contributions to your pbs station...  ooh.  ...and from: )  you never do know what's around the bend    big adventure or a brandnew friend    when you're curious like curious george   swing.   well, every day  every day   is so glorious  glorious  george.   and everything  everything   is so wondrous  wondrous   there's more to explore when you open the door    and meet friends like this, you just can't miss    i know you're curious  curious   and that's marvelous  marvelous   and that's your reward    you'll never be bored    if you ask yourself, "what is this."    like curious...    like curious...   captioning sponsored byuniversal animation narrator: george liked visiting professor wiseman because she was the only person he knew who worked under a whale.   wiseman: i know those knocks.  come on in, guys.  wow, what's that.  my hobby.  working on complex things relaxes me.  ahh...  have you ever seen such a beautiful clock, george.   if you like it now, watch what happens every hour.      so, what do you think.  very impress...   : i'm glad you liked it, george.  we should go.  the rocket presentation is starting soon.  are you coming with us, george.  or do you want to stay here and watch the clock.   well, if it's okay with professor wiseman, it's okay with me.  if you want to see the little people play again, move the minute hand once around to 12.   have fun.  how long does it take to build a clock like that.  oh, about three years.  oh, that reminds me...  i'll be right back.  george, be a good little monkey.  exactly.  george wanted to see the little people again.    that looked like george's friend compass, the almosthoming pigeon, because when all the other homing pigeons homed in on the statue...  he almost made it.   it was compass, all right.  george was happy to see his friend the pigeon, and compass was happy to see his friend the...  ...well, whatever george was.    george wanted compass to see professor wiseman's clock in action.  uhoh.  he couldn't fix the minute hand, and that's what made the little people play.   he knew they were in there somewhere.   ow.  george remembered there was another way into the clockthe back.  aha.  ah.    when you take something apart, it's a good idea to pay attention to what went where.  where could george find out how a clock's parts go together.   the library.  of course.   the library's full of helpful books.   and they've got a really big clock on top.  he hoped studying the big clock...  would show him exactly what to do with the little clock.     george was glad that noise had stopped...  ...but maybe it was time to pack up and go home.  that clock has never stopped, ever.  the big clock on the library stopped.  well, let's go.  wait, stew.  what are we supposed to do.  we're the fire department.  we'll figure it out.   mr. reloj, the big clock stopped.  the big library clock that the whole city depends upon.  all: yeah.  oh, that clock has never stopped, ever.  we must move like lightning.  he was sure he had all the tools, but george still felt like he was missing something.     okay, miss, thank you.  eh, please step outside, i must listen.      whose tools are these.   what's a little monkey like you doing in a huge clock like this.  well, would you like me to help you.  okay, and this goes there.  now, you see.   what a beautiful clock.  did you make it.    i know everything about clocks, but not one thing about understanding monkey.    well, be more careful in the future, eh.  time is a precious thing.   man: compass.  what have we said about bringing pigeons indoors, george.  oh...   oh, it's all right.  are you showing him my clock.  uhhuh, uhhuh.  well, go ahead.  george, how did this heavy, metal toolbox get so...    boy 1: george is a monkey, can do things you can't do.  boy 2: like when he messed up the gears on the big clock.  boy 3: here's something we did with gears.  this is the science discovery museum.  and what do you see in this case over here.  all: bicycles.  the bottom one had two gears that were the same size and...  boy: the bicycle on top had a big gear with a smaller gear attaching to the chains.  so if you move the pedal it moves the wheel that moves the generator that turns the light on.  denise: and what's happening with the light.  it's turning on really light.  now do you want to try the one below.  it's not coming on as much as that one.  girl: a big gear that goes to a little gear makes more power, and two same sized gears makes less power.  boy: i think you can use gears to make a machine go faster and slower.   narrator: being a monkey in the big city can be an exciting experience.    but it isn't perfect.   wow, we could really use some fresh country air, huh.  the man with the yellow hat knows when the time's right to get his monkey out of the city.   take a deep breath and fill your lungs with good, clean country air.   ah.  it's good to be back, isn't it.  you can let the clean air out, george.  there's plenty here.   well, george, looks like bill built a bunny hutch in his yard.  want to go see the bunnies.  there you go.  hey there.  got george with you.   how'd you know it was us.  mm, wild guess.  hey, i just got bunnies.  want to see.  george had never seen a bunny upclose before.  you like bunnies, george.  uhhuh.  do they have names. sure.  there's fuzzy, whitey, brownie, spotty, black ears, cottontail and herbert nenninger.  and that's their mom.  want to pet one.  which one. brownie. whitey.  fuzzy.  fuzzy's cool.  there's some things you need to know about bunnies before you pet one.  oh, no.  it's time to deliver my papers.  sorry.  come back tomorrow and you can pet them all.  well, you're just going to have to wait till tomorrow, george.  ooh, george could barely stand it.  who can wait a whole day to pet bunnies.  going out.  be a good little monkey.  uhhuh, uhhuh, uhhuh.  george thought he could keep the bunnies company while bill was away.  they were so still, so quiet, so fuzzy.  bunnies, bunnies.  bill wouldn't mind if he petted one bunny, just once, if he was very, very careful.  the bunnies were so still and quiet...  and fast.  uhoh.  they were almost too fast to see, definitely too fast to pet...  and absolutely too fast to do as they were told.  their mom knew enough to stay in the hutch, but george wasn't taking any more chances.  george decided he'd better figure out how many bunnies got loose by counting their bowls.  seven.  that meant he still had to catch...seven.    at least they couldn't get out of the yard.     bill was not going to be happy about this.   uhhuh.  narrator: to the bunnies, this was a big game of hide and seek, which was not good for george, because if there's one thing you should know about bunnies...   ...it's that they play to win.  the cows thought this was either the fastest parade they'd ever seen...  or the weirdest horse race.    this wasn't as easy as george expected.   the bunnies were too fast.   george would have to outthink them.     one down, six to go.   huh.  lucky for george, bunnies are too young to know about footprints.  it takes more than a superior brain to outthink bunnies.  it helps to be wearing a cap.   three down, four to go.    squirrels don't like surprises, not even small ones.   he counted the bowls.  he'd caught whitey, spotty, black ears, cottontail, brownie and...   ...a jumpy squirrel.  ooh.     narrator: um, add, "being grabbed by a monkey," to the list of surprises that squirrels really don't like.    ah.    not all footprints lead to cute, little bunnies.  ooh.   bill: hi, george.  what you doing.   bill was almost done.  george's time was running out.  george had caught every bunny, except herbert nenninger, and bill would be home soon.   george had looked everywhere.  what he needed was a bunny expert, but who knew a lot about bunnies.   it wasn't going to work.  george tried to explain this was no time to play with a fuzz ball.  she had to find herbert nenninger.  this was no ordinary fuzz.  this was the end of herbert nenninger.  bill: hey, george.  keeping the bunnies company.  thanks.  oh.  as a reward for doing that and being so patient, i'm going to let you pet one right now.  petting a bunny isn't easy.  it's all about maintaining control.  step oneunlock latch.    but you want topeta bunny, don't you.   bill: okay.  you sure are one careful kid.  hey, how'd that acorn get in there.  boy: george is a monkey, so he can do things that you can't do.  he followed the tracks, but he didn't always find a bunny.  we can go this way.  boy: today, we're at garden in the woods.  and we can use this to find some animal tracks.  look right here.  no, look at all these footprints.  four.  we have to catch all these footprints.  bonnie: how do you know that's a cat track.  because we have a cat track, and we put it down to see if it matches.  i found a foot track.  it looks like rabbit trackslike bang, bang, bang, bang.  there's one mark for every single hop.  the tracks ended right at a tree.  bonnie: when it goes up to a tree and disappears...  a squirrel. you're right.  because squirrels can climb trees.  it's kind of like solving a mystery.  month, pbs kids is giving your mid week a shake up.  kratt brothers: yeah.  anncr: during wild kratts' wild wednesdays.  part of summer safari.  it all kicks off on july 1st with a special creaturemission to the past, in the hourlong movie event,back in creature time.  aviva: they made it.  kratt brothers: oof.  anncr: then wednesdaysget even wilder...  kratt brothers: to the creature rescue.  anncr: ...with new wild kratts episodes every week, all month long.  kratt brothers: hurrah.  anncr: so don't miss wild wednesdays starting july 1st.  part of pbs kids' summer safari.  and check out wild kratts anytime on the pbs kidsvideo app.  kids safari.  with special episodes ofdinosaur train...  all dinosaurs: wahoo.  anncr: wild kratts...  kratt brothers: whoaaaaa.  anncr: ...and curious george.  george: he he ha ha.  anncr: pbs kids' summer safari, featuring your favorite shows all summer long.  and watch your pbs kids friends anytime on the pbs kids video app.   you never do know what's around the bend    big adventure or a brandnew friend    when you're curious like curious george    swing.   well, every day   every day   is so glorious   glorious   and everything   everything   is so wondrous   wondrous   there's more to explore when you open the door    and meet friends like this    like curious...    curious george.     this program was made possible by: ] com we believe that learning and curiosity go hand in hand.  com early learning academy, proud sponsor of pbs kids and curious george.  funding forcurious george is provided by contributions to your pbs station...  ooh.  ...and from: female announcer: it sure seems like curious george has a lot of friends, like chef pisghetti.  chef pisghetti, like most chefs, uses special tools to cook with.  which of these should you never use to cook with.  oh, that old boot won't help much.  for more curious georgegames like this, org, but don'tgo away just yet.  there's more fun withyour favorite friends, next on pbs kids. )