 ...proud supporter of pbs kids, who know of all the things a kid can learn, one of the most important is learning to laugh.  pbs kids: where a kid can be a kid.    you never do know what's around the bend    big adventure or a brandnew friend    when you're curious like curious george   swing.   well, every day   every day   is so glorious   glorious  george.   and everything   everything   is so wondrous   wondrous   there's more to explore when you open the door    and meet friends like this, you just can't miss    i know you're curious   curious   and that's marvelous   marvelous   and that's your reward    you'll never be bored    if you ask yourself, "what is this."    like curious...    like curious...  curious george.   oh...  captioning sponsored by nbc/universal  narrator: there was only one day that george liked as much as his birthday: sauce day.  ah.magnifico.  sauce day was the first monday of fall, when the chef created a brandnew pisghetti sauce.  see, i call this a "molto jolto."  ah, because it, uh, has a nice kick to it.    salute,george.  i must find netti.  but you go ahead and eat.  oh, and if it needs a little more salt, just throw it in.  george took a big whiff of molto jolto.  it smelled like... nothing.   it didn't taste like anything, either.  maybe the sauce needed a little salt, like the chef said.    it needed a whole load of salt.  but finally the sauce was perfect.  behold,mi amore.  my best creation so far.  happy sauce day.   ugh.  what's in here.  huh.  a little anchovy, a little lemon...    molto revolto.  what's happened.      i think you have a cold, giorgio.   no wonder you could not taste the perfection of my sauce.  i'll take you home.  you should be in bed.     fever, stuffy nose, clammy paws...  you're definitely fighting a germ, george.  huh.  a germ isuh, hold on.  i think there's a picture in this book.  here you go.  see that blob.   that's a germ.  oh.  some germs are good for you, but bad germs can make you sick.   well, that's your body: your nose, mouth, stomach.   those are your lungs.  oh.  when you sneeze...   ...or cough, that's your lungs squeezing together and trying to force out the bad germs.  oh.   enough biology.  time for you to rest.   george didn't want to rest.  he wanted to get rid of his bad germ.  if only he knew how.     george saw a face.  a face he had seen before.   in the mirror.   it was him.    ooh. ahh.  george's mouth was amazing.  it was like a giant cave.    a cave with an echo.  a squishy floor, which was actually his tongue.  huh.   and best of all,a spaceship.  ooh. ah.  george could find that bad germ and get rid of it.   just as soon as he figured out how to work that spaceship.    aha.    ah.   george was amazed.  he didn't know gnocchi could drive.    meow.  meow.  george knew they were somewhere above his mouth,but where.  meow.   fortunately, gnocchi had discovered a helpful sign.  they were in george's nose.  aha.    and they weren't alone.  you better look out, 'cause tootz is in town.   i'm in your nose   achoo, he's in your nose   i'm in your nose   oh, yeah, he's in your nose   i'll make you sniff and i'll make you sneeze    you won't be smelling that smelly cheese    down to your belly   down, down.   i'll mosey on down to your belly   look out, he's in your belly   so don't eat a thing, that's my suggestion    'cause i'll be giving you indigestion    sing it, germettes.   go, tootz, go   oh, i like the sound of that.  do it again.   go, tootz, go    i love this place.  whoo.  baddap, bopdahbop, wow.   gonna head to your lungs   hey, tootz, where you going.   to the lungs   oh, yeah, he's in your lungs   well, i'll be making you wheeze and cough    you better take the whole week off    and if you're wondering who to blame   don't forget tootz's the name   'cause we'll be making you sweat and squirm    'cause that's our job    'cause we're germs   yeah.  whoo. hahaha.   'cause we're germs.    that was the germ that was making george sick.   well, hey.  you're a strangelooking germ.  tootz is my name.  these here singers are the germettes.   george explained that he was the owner of this body and tootz and the germettes would have to go.  go. why should we go.  we like it here.    i'm making you feelsick.  oh, well, in that case, i'll be on my way.  i'lli'll just, uh, get my stuff.  : ahha.  haha. fooled you.  i'm never leaving.   hey.   but you are.  whoa.  tootz: gotta run.       george knew he wouldn't feel better until he got rid of tootz.  but where did he go.    the lungs.   george and gnocchi agreed to try his lungs first.   it looked kind of wet.  was this the lungs.  or was it the stomach.  maybe they made a wrong turn somewhere.  tootz:  mosey on down to your belly   look out, he's in your belly  hey.   so don't eat a thing that's my suggestion...    gotta run.     george: oh....  aha.  now this looked more like a lung.  when the walls moved out, air came in.  when the walls moved in, air rushed out.  george was watching himself breathe.   oh, baby   huh.   i'm in your lungs   ooh, yeah, he's in your lungs   ooh, yeah, in your lungs   that tootz, he's in your lungs...  this was george's chance.  so where should we go next.  uh, the throat.  hey. maybe the ears.  george: aha.  tootz: hey, what are you doing.   hey, hey...    no. i don't want to go.   george couldn't believe how hard it was to get rid of one measly germ.  hmm.   hah.    hey, hey, hey, what are you doing. let me go.  george didn't have a feather, but he did have 20 fingers.  no.  hey, cut it out.  this whole place could blow.       george and gnocchi had done it.  tootz was gone.     you're awake.  how do you feel.   george felt great.  he could even smell again.  : you seem much better.   i wish i could say the same.  ah... ah...    thank you, george.  :  you better look out 'cause tootz is in town...   that song was very familiar.  where was it coming from.   i'm in your nose   oh yeah, he's in your nose   i'll make you sniffle and i'll make you sneeze    you won't be smelling that smelly cheese    down to your belly   down, down, down   mosey on down to your belly   look out, he's in your belly   so don't eat a thing, that's my suggestion    'cause i'll be giving you indigestion.    sing it, germettes.  boy: george is a monkey and sometimes he does things that you can't do.  girl: he dreamed he was inside his own body.  do you think we could go inside the body.  all: no.  girl: today we are visiting children's hospital boston.  dr. taylor is a radiologist.  he's a doctor that helps other doctors look inside the body.  can you see the lungs here.  all: yeah.  yeah.  boy: we looked at xrays.  xray uses invisible light to make pictures.  now we're going to use mri to see the heart beating.  it pumps in blood.  taylor: that's right.  boy:they can't see it from the outside because the skin is covering it up.  it's not seethrough.  mri stands for magnetic resonance imaging.  boy:mri uses a magnet to make pictures.  it looks like a doughnut.  taylor: the person goes right inside and we can take a picture.  look at that.  ooh, wow.  this was a computer that we used to make a picture of what it actually looks like inside the big artery that takes blood all the way down into the legs.  boy: and that big white spot is curious george.   this is an ultrasound machine.  boy:ultrasound uses sound waves to make pictures.  taylor: that's your heart.  boy: cool.  girl: if people are sick, you need to find out why they're sick.  so you need to look inside the body and see what's really happening.  narrator: lake wannasink lake is a very popular place in the summer.  ah.  wait for me.  and on a really hot day, george's little legs couldn't get him to the end of the dock fast enough.  whoaho, there.  yahoo.  we have a saying on the dock, son: "look before you leap." huh.  hey, what happened to all the water.  well, the dry spell's lowered the lake quite a bit, don't you know.  not a good time to dive off the dock.  but a great time to waterproof it.   that sounds like a big job.  do you want a hand.  well, if you're offering, i'm sure not saying no.    huh...  if the water was gone...   ...where were the fish.  uh, i don't know where they are.   oh, yeah. mr. yellow pants, we have to go find the fish.   okeydoke.  be a good little monkeyand girl.  uhhuh.   ah.   we found them.  hiya, fish.  huh.  what's he doing here.  look at that, george.  he's so lonely.  we have to save him.  oh, you're right.  we should move him to the big lake, so he can be with his family.    honey, sally just cracked a tooth and i have to take her to the vet.  you want to come.  sorry, i'm in the middle of rescuing a fish.   ah, well, i don't think sally can wait.  all right.  well, i'll come back as soon as i can.  bye.   aw....  for some reason, the lonely little fish didn't want to be rescued by a monkey.   smooth strokes, you see.  nice and thick, so's the water can't get in.  looks simple enough.  good. fill your bucket and you can start over there.  where's...  where's my bucket.  you forgot where you put it already.  i, um...  hmm, that's odd.   huh.    this fish wanted nothing to do with monkeys or buckets.   if only there wasn't so much dirt, the fish could swim to the big lake all by himself.  huh... aha.    all done.  excellent.  hand me the shovel and i'll dig out this 'n'.  oh, boy.  oh, don't tell me you lost the shovel...  it couldn't have walked away.  well, that's for sure.  oh, it wouldn't be long now.  as soon as the path was finished, the fish could swim back home.    ooh. aah.    whew.  he did it.  no more fish could get swept through...  ooh.  ...if george was willing to sit there for the rest of his life.   george needed something to stop that water, fast.  still got your bucket.  yep.  brush, too.  right here.  good for you.    yay.     hey, george, whatcha doing.  looks to me like you're digging a canal.   a canal connects two bodies of water.  oh.  the water level is higher on this side, so you're gonna want a lock.  huh.  a lock keeps all the water from flowing from one side to the other.  here's how it works: see, a lock has watertight gates on each end.  this is the big  huh.  just follow the diagram.  i'd stay and help, but i've got a bunny emergency.  when they run out of lettuce, it's not pretty.  see ya.   all george wanted to do was move one little fish.  well, now six.  george looked at bill's diagram.  now, bill said gates were the key to moving something from one water level to another.  without gates, the water comes in too fast.  one gate blocked the water, but it also blocked the fish.  but with a second gate behind the fish, the water stayed still and the fish swam home.   aha.  both:  swab the deck and lay it on thick    wayo, me hearties, wayo    tonight you'll get a cinnamon stick    wayo, me hearties, wayo.   now george just had to get the fish into his canal.   no matter how exciting he made it look, the fish wouldn't go.  if only he had some sort of fish treat to lure them in.  hmm... hmmhmmhmm...   it's been a year since we took to the sea    wayo, me hearties, wayo...   maybe fish liked cheese sandwiches as much as little monkeys.   aha.  hey. aha.  aha.  well, job well done, i must say.  let's get in the canoe and see how it looks from the lake.  great.  oh. well, you, uh, already ate your lunch, huh.  no, ii...  when did i eat my lunch.  heave...  ...ho.  say, did you take the paddles.  huh...  i always leave 'em on the seat.  i... i don't know.  listen, something very peculiar is going on around here.  you'retellingme.  believe me, i am normally a very organized and unforgetful man.   oh, i should've known.  looks like i'm the forgetful one.  i forgot how much mischief a monkey can make.     well, what have we here.  it looks like a fish canal.  uhhuh.  you are some smart monkey.    i'm back.  and we saved sally's tooth.  did you save the fish.  uhhuh.  george had saved five fish.  wow, that's great, george.  wait.  the lonely fish is still there.    you know, i think we should just chase him.   hey.   aha.    we did it.  the fish found his family.  nice job, everyone.  well, we've accomplished quite a bit today: a fish rescue and a dock repair.  only one thing left to do...  go swimming.  last one in is a rotten fish egg.   girl: george is a monkey.  he learned how to control the flow of water to save the fish.  curious george tried to build locks.  we made canals.  it's a pathway for water that you can make.  we made a plan of our canals first.  girl: joshua's working on the upper canal system, i'm working on the middle canal system and elizabeth is working on the lower canal.  i think that it looks pretty good.  turn on the water.  joshua: we try to control where the water goes.  girl: we're using pingpong balls as our boats.  instead of going across, it went over here.  i think she should take the brick and place it right there.  yes, it did it.  it's making it.  this is my pingpong ball, and i'm trying to get it to go this way at the split.  at the split, my pingpong ball went the right way.  this is my pingpong ball and it's gonna go the other way from which way joshua's ball went.  it went the wrong way at the split, and so i'm gonna put a block right where it went the wrong way.  it went the right way this time.  yeah. it's working.  if your hands get dirty, you know that you're having fun.  hey. hey.nouncer: meet sid the science kid.  he's doing it. look.  i can't scratch my ear with my foot.  i wonder what i can do with my bones.  announcer: "sid the science kid," weekdays on pbs kids, or watch anytime you want at pbskids.org.   hey.  announcer: funding forcurious george is provided by contributions to your pbs station and from: and was made possible by: chuck e. cheese's, proud supporter of pbs kids, who know, when it comes to learning how to be fit for your life, you're never too young to start.  pbs kids, where a kid can be a kid.  do you know what.  sunlight travels 93 million miles to ripen and dry the fruits we need to grow strong and healthy bodies.  i thought you'd be curious about that.  sunmaid proudly supports pbs kids.  rainforest cafe, proud sponsor of pbs kids, reminding you that reading and creative thinking are great ways to let your imagination run wild.  can't get enough monkey.  to find curious george and his friends every day online, swing by pbskids.org to play fun games and watch your favorite videos.  you can also read more curious georgeadventures by visiting your local library.  captioned by media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org small.  big.  bigger.  small. )