 like curious george   swing.   well, every day  every day   is so glorious  glorious  george.   and everything  everything   is so wondrous  wondrous   there's more to explorewhen you open the door    and meet friends like this,you just can't miss    i know you're curious  curious   and that's marvelous  marvelous   and that's your reward    you'll never be bored    if you ask yourself,"what is this."    like curious...    like curious...curious george.   oh...  captioning sponsored bynbc/universal narrator: the country house was a great place for a monkey.   though sometimes george ran up against the house rules.   ii... the...   we don't draw on the walls.  house rules, remember.  george, what did we say about buttering your corn with your feet.  some house rules make sense, and some seem like a complete waste of feet.   ooh.   the animals in the tree didn't have to worry about any old house rules, which made it sound like a great place for a monkey.   hi.  yep, the tree was nice, all right.  but it could be even nicer.   i bet a fluffy, dry towel would feel real good about now, huh.  uhhuh.  come on.  george couldn't live in a tree and stay dry like he could in the house...  ...unless he had a tree house.  then he could make his own house rules.   the next morning, george got to work.   he picked the perfect branch.  he chose his material: cardboard from the refrigerator box.      he definitely needed something less... bendy.  so george went to see what other houses were made of.  heya, george.  like the new hen house i'm buildin'.   huh.  those.  oh, those are my plans.  oh...  of course.  george needed a plan.   nice.  if you want to try building, take any wood you need.   ahoy, george.  that's a lot of wood.  building something, are you.   you need any nails.  huh.  oh.  uhhuh, uhhuh, uhhuh.  well, take anything you need, neighbor.   armed with his handy monkey tool set, george was ready to build.  george, you need a hand.  uhuh.  this was going to be george's house, built all by himself.  okay.  be a good little monkey doing...  whatever it is you're doing.   aha.     this wasn't easy.  how could he keep his floor from tipping over.  maybe two branches would work better than one.  this wood was as long as the floor, which meant he could do this.   score another one for monkey brains.   ow.  ooh. ooh. ooh.  oh...  hmm, so that's what the goggles were for.   this wall needed something to hold it up while he nailed it down.  uhhuh.  just one wall to gobut george was out of nails...  and the only wood left was the piece he couldn't lift.  oh.  luckily, mrs. renkins told him he could have any wood he wanted.  mr. quint wasn't home, but george had seen him get nails this way.  george figured a tree house didn't need a wood roof, especially since he was out of wood.  there, how do you like your new...   all fixed.  and solid as a...   maybe you should've used nails.  i'm dying to know what you've been up to.  can i look yet. uhuh.  what is... is it a house.  i mean, it's a house.  you built your own tree house.  wow.  i am very impressed.  say, where did you get all the wood and nails and...  george, did you take my chickens' wall.  george, did you take nails from my dock.  because, look... i'm wet.  oh, uh, i'm... i'm sure it was a mistake.  he'll give everything back.  george.  before he'd had a chance to make even one house rule, george had to take his tree house apart.   wait.  i said you could have any nails you wanted.  i could've been more specific.  and i can make a new wall.  that one looks like it belongs there.  oh.  now george had a place where he made the rules.  rule #1: you have to draw on the walls.  and rule #2: always butter your corn with your feet.  this isn't easy.  house rules. i know.  okay.  orge boy: george is a monkey, so he can do things that you can't do.  girl: george drew a plan so he can make a tree house.  we are going to see how plans are made for buildings.  today we are visiting some architects.  kids: hi.  hi, kids.  welcome to add inc.  we're an architectural firm in cambridge, massachusetts.  my name is werner.  i'm an architect.  you guys know what an architect is.  boy: i think architects mostly design, um, buildings.  girl: there's three kinds of drawings that an architect uses: the plan, the elevation, and the section.  werner: well, a plan is sort of like you are flying like a bird and look down on things.  girl: and you see the inside of the building.  boy: this is the apartments.  and this is a theater.  these look like seats.  and then these could be the elevators.  werner: excellent.  so, this is called a section.  it's like as if we took the building, cut it, and then look at it from that side.  what kind of a drawing is this.  what can you see on this drawing.  girl: we can see the outside of the building.  werner: we call this an elevation.  would you guys want to go see the building.  kids: yeah.  it's actually finished now.  kids: yes.  huh. let's go.  it looked pretty similar to those drawings.  girl: it's amazing that they can make it just from looking at a drawing.  mm...  hi.  narrator: george was used to encountering new, unexplained things, but this was pretty mysterious.   i'm practicing my smile for my new driver's license picture.  those are bad, but this time i'm preparing a perfect smile.  hmm.  ooh, right.  i should practice with my hat on.   george.  george.    can you have it cleaned and ready by 2:00.  it's very important.  you'll have it by 2:00, good as new.  what was this again.  a hat. it's a hat.  i need it for my photo.  without my yellow hat, i'm not... me.  go home. relax.  i'll deliver it.  minutes can pass like hours when you're waiting for a hat to be blocked.  ooh, it's time for my run.  george, will you stay here in case the hat's delivered while i'm gone.  uhhuh, uhhuh, uhhuh.  oh, and could you please throw that stuff out for me.  it's trash day.   hat delivery from nettoyez cleaners.   no, thank you.  if everybody had a monkey, i'd be rich.  the hat was home.  everything was perfect.     that was a funny smell for a clean hat.  huh.  why, it smelled just like...  garbage.   uhoh.    oh.  george, don't go in there.   if you threw something away by mistake, it'll be in the dumpster downstairs.  come on.  whew.  the trash chute led to a dumpster...  so the garbage hauler could take the trash away...  which is what she was doing at that very second.    everything you throw down that chute ends up right... uhoh.  huh.  well, the garbage truck came. it's gone.   george. what are you doing here.   why aren't you home, waiting for the hat.  ooh. ooh. did it come already.  great.  i'm so happy, i'm going to do five more laps.  then we're going to get my picture taken.  byebye.  george had to find that truck before the man ran five laps around the park.  but how.   ooh. aha.  that sounded like a garbage truck.   now all he had to do was get the hat out of the truck.  huh.  wrong truck.  but george was sure he had heard a garbage truck, and it sounded exactly like that.  george just wasn't fast enough to catch that truck.  if only he knew where it was going.  oh.  empty cans meant the truck had already been here.  aha.  he just had to find full cans, then wait there for the truck to come.  it looked like every can in the city had already been emptied.  except that one.  aha.   all he had to do was wait here, and the truck would come to him.  hiya, georgio.   the trash. it gone. they just pick it up.  you think i forgot to put those out.  no. they pick up bottles and paper for recycling tomorrow.  oh.  those go to the recycling center.  oh.  trash goes straight to the landfill, where they dump everything.  ah.  now he knew where to find that truck.  this is my last lap, george.  you better head home now.  george had finally made it to the landfill, where all the trucks dump their trash from the city.  finding one yellow hat in all this trash was going to be impossible.  without my yellow hat, i'm not... me.  but george didn't know the meaning of the word "impossible."  aha.  i found it in my truck.  who would throw out such a perfect hat.  i've wanted a hat like this ever since i saw a guy with a monkey wearing one.  is that why you hired a monkey.  huh.  stop. you are making a mess of my garbage.    uhoh.   i think he's looking for the hat.    whew.  ah. hello.  george, you were supposed to put all these boxes in the trash.  oh. oh, imagine if i had thrown this out.  how terrible would that have been.  wait. i... wait. okay. i want to go back.  how's this. no, this.  cootchiecootchiecoo.  george, cut that out.  george did his part to help the man give his best smile.  oh, man.  george thought it was a great picture.  the hat looked perfect.  girl: george is a monkey, and he can do stuff we can't do george is a monkey, and he can do stuff we can't do.  girl 2: he tried to find the yellow hat at the landfill.  we went to the recycling plant.  i'm mark with fcr recycling.  what is this.  boy: we brought a bin full of stuff to recycle.  mark: can you believe that we can make something like thisfleeceout of these soda bottles.  boy: well, no, never.  new stuff gets made out of old stuff.  i'm going to give you guys a quick tour where all your recycling products go through.  right here is where all of our newspaper gets dropped.  kids : go, go, go, go, go....  we saw trucks and bulldozers just like how george did.   it goes across this belt and each one of these employees takes out certain types of material and puts them in these different bins.  girl: do they make it into the same thing, the same kind of trash.  dave: yep. your newspaper will come from something that has already been recycled.  dave: this is an electronic eye. if it can see through it, it will blow it into a different area.  if it can't see through it, it lets it drop down.  kids: cool.  boy: then they crush all the plastic and metal into big cubes to send out.  girl: if you didn't recycle, the trash dump would be really big and there wouldn't be very much room to live.  for more fun withcurious george and his friends, visit your local library and read morecurious georgeadventures.  or visit the curious george web site at: curious george introduces children to math and science concepts.  at pbsparents.org, you can help your child'searly math development with a pbs parents' guideto early math.  all the tools you need are at: captioned by media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org this program was made possible by: rainforest cafe: proud sponsor of pbs kids, reminding you that reading and creative thinking are great ways to let your imagination run wild.  do you know what.  sunlight travels 93 million miles to ripen and dry the fruits we need to grow strong and healthy bodies.  i thought you'd be curious about that.  sunmaid proudly supports pbs kids.  chuck e. cheese's, proud supporter of pbs kids, who know kids should act their age, especially when they're having fun.  pbs kids: where a kid can be a kid.  curious georgeis alsobrought to you by contributions to your pbs station and from: )