 . it's mecoach hooperand i've got my special whistle, which means it's time to get up and exercise.   wow. it's also time to get a new whistle.  ok, now, let's get moving because today, we're going to exercise like it's raining.   the rain is coming down    it's falling on the ground    you're getting drenched    so find an umbrella    now jump in the puddles    jump in and make a splash    keep jumping, keep moving    rainy days are cool    and shake off the water    like a dog, just shake it off    you're soaking wet     awesome job.  and if you want to try outmore exercises with me, just visit pbskids.organytime you want.  see you soon.   this program was made possible by: believe curiosity can fuel a lifetime of learning.  com early learning academy, proud sponsor of pbs kids and curious george.  funding forcurious george is provided by contributions to your pbs station...  ooh.  ...and from:   you never do know what's around the bend    big adventure or a brandnew friend    when you're curious like curious george   swing.   well, every day   every day   is so glorious   glorious  george.   and everything   everything   is so wondrous   wondrous   there's more to explore when you open the door    and meet friends like this, you just can't miss    i know you're curious   curious   and that's marvelous   marvelous   and that's your reward    you'll never be bored    if you ask yourself, "what is this."    like curious...    like curious...  curious george.   oh...  captioning sponsored by nbc/universal narrator: being back in the country was exciting.   george wondered if anything had changed since he'd been gone.  george: ooh, ah.  george had never seen so many flowers at bill's house.  that's some garden you've got going.  thanks to the renkins' compost.  huh.  george couldn't figure out why bill was adding dirt...  to the dirt.   compost isn't just dirt.  take leaves, grass, leftover food, mix it in a hole with air, dirt and water...  compost.   it didn't smell like leftovers.  it's food for plants.  after all, plants get hungry, too.  oh.  george never fed these plants.  they had to be starving.  : oh...   ah.  these leftovers would be perfect.   whoohoo.  tadah.  george felt like the world's best monkey compost chef.    george got up early so he could serve the plants breakfast.  huh.  oh.  george, do you want blueberries with your....   ugh. what is that smell.  were you trying to make compost.   i think you need to hear from the experts.  mr. renkins: this makes good compost, georgeleftover fruit and vegetables, bits of plant and dirt.  mmhmm.  you can use any leftovers except meat, fish and dairy products, like milk, butter, cheese or mayonnaise.  that makes it smell badand attracts animals.  oh.  after a few weeks, these different things turn oldthey decayand become food for other plants.  yuck.  george was glad to hear there was a use for forgotten bananas.  ah.  now, this is what your compost should look like...  and smell like.   it smelled like... earth.  stir it up so it gets lots of air.   this will keep your plants healthy and green.  oh.   aha.  george took his compost container back to the city with him, in case he found other plants in need.  i'll get dinner started.  oh...  this plant looked hungry.  oh.  they all did.  fortunately, george knew what to do.  huh.  there was no compost left.  george knew what to do about this, too.  george, is something wrong.  uhuh.   oh, better get that.  finally, the man with the yellow hat was done eating.    uh... wow, thanks for doing the dishes without being asked, george, but i wasn't finished eating.  oh.  well, okay.  i'll be in my room reading if you need me.  oh.  george needed dirt.    hundley noticed george...  george and dirt...  george and dirt and leaves.  this was not good.  leftovers, leaves, grass, dirt, water...  ...and air.  george had it all.  it was enough for their plants, but what about the poor lobby plants.  what about all the starving plants.   george needed to make enough for everybody.      when you're making a big batch of compost...  ah.  ...you need a lot of places to put it.  : ah... yeah.       oh. what a weird dream.  hundley had been thinkingthat much dirt and a monkey had to makesomethingsloppy, and he was going to find it.   i didn't buy strawberries.   hundley smelled a tree.   eh... a watermelon.    a watermelon tree.    sspaghetti.  no.   fruit.  fruit... ghetti.   whwhat....   where....     hey, hundley.  i betyournose can get to the bottom of this.   hundley's nose was the perfect tool for this job.    why is my flour jar here.   ooh.     : oh...  man: george.  hah.  george, youcanmake compost in the city, just not in a house.  it needs a proper bin.  ah....  so it gets the right amount of air and light, and doesn't smell.  or... give me weird dreams.   we're gonna have a lot of leftover compost.  uhhuh.  did someone say compost.  my tropical plants could use some composting.  woman: ooh. compost bins.  oh, my tea roses would love some.  ha.   a few weeks later, the building had the healthiest plants on the block.  : ew.  george.  huh.  ge is a monkey, so he can do things you can't do.  girl: he didn't know how to make compost the right way, but we do.  this is my compost bin.  the two types of things that we put in compost are called greens and browns.  the greens are vegetables and fruits, and the browns are egg cartons and leaves or anything like that.  there are a bunch of worms in here that eat all of it, and then they poop it out, and it turns into stuff that you can use in your garden.  so is everything there, um, worm poop.  yeah, i think, pretty much.  yuck.  we're scooping out the nice compost from the bottom.  boy: we're turning over the soil to make the compost go in the dirt.  this is a tomato plant.  boy: compost is good because it helps plants grow.  worm poop is good for the plants.    narrator: mrs. renkins was in a big hurry to finish her chores.    but she was never too busy for her favorite neighbors.  good morning.  hi.  yes. good and busy.  it's reuse your junk day, remember.  george: ooh...  yeah.  we're heading to the collection center.  got anything ready to go.  oh, it's all ready, but we haven't had time to haul it out of the house.  mr. renkins has been too busy trying to move big bertha.  big... bertha.  uh, uh, uh.     little help here.  man: i've got you.    oh. that's big bertha.  i grew her.  isn't she a beaut.  hahaha.   she's entered in the plump pumpkin playoffs today. oh.  wow. the...  plump pumpkin playoffs.  yes.   the plump pumpkin...  playoffs are, uh, particularly... prestigious.   i got... i got it, i got it...  i... i don't got it.  oh. now i got it.  i got it.  lean left, lean left.  i got it.  no, no, no, uh, your left.  oh, careful, don't bruise bertha.       man: ow.  huh.  oh, my.  ah.   well, george, it...  it looks like you've discovered how a lever works.  huh.   well, you landed on the end of the plank, which launched the bucket in the air... onto my hat.   thanks for your help.  we better get bertha to the fairgrounds.  want us to move your junk out of the house.  it's no problemyou're our last stop.  okay.  there's just one stack, in the living room.   good luck, bertha.   well, george, it looks like we'll be done early enough to spend the afternoon fishing.   : yep. we're all finished once we move this stack.  wow.  that's a stack.  it looks more like a mountain.  uhhuh.  this stuff won't fit in the trailer unless we go drop off what we already collected first.  oh.  : i'm afraid this'll take the rest of the afternoon, george.  guess there'll be no fishing for us.  : oh...    you want to stay here and move that stuff outside.  uhhuh, uhhuh.  well... good idea.  that'd sure save time, george.   pile it in front of the pig pen, then we'll load it up quick when i get back, okay.  be a good little monkey.  okay.  byebye.   if george moved everything outside before the man returned, there'd be time to go to lake wannasink lake.   oh...  that old ironing board slowed him down.  ah, ha, ha.  but maybe it was just the thing to help him move all this stuff much faster.  oohhaha.  he needed something to balance it on.  aha.   oh...  uhhuh.    oohha.    oh, no.  the book had landed in the pig pen.  george needed everything infrontof the pig pen.  oh...   he had to find the right place for launching junk so it would land in a neat pile exactly where he wanted it.  hmm...   uhhuh. ah.   oohha.  mm.     mm.   the door obviously wasn't the best launching place.  oh.  the house had lots of windows.  one of them had to be the right spot.       aah.  george was going to keep trying till he got this right.   hmm...   oh.    looks like reuse your junk day's pretty successful.  yep.  if we have no use for something, that doesn't mean it's trash.  someone else can use its parts so it's not wasted.  great.  i'll be back with another load... soon.  my monkey's stacking it all up for me.  bye.  wish i had a monkey.    that globe landed exactly where george wanted it to go.  he had found the perfect spot.   unfortunately, it had taken a loof expimenting to find that spot.   it looked like george's chances to go fishing might be sunk.    wow, george, i'm sort of impressed you moved all the renkins' stuff outside so fast.  and i bet there's a story behind why it's scattered all over the yard, huh.  uh...   tell me later, at lake wannasink lake.  we can finish this quick.  you've got the job half done.  using the right tools...  and a little bit of elbow grease...  it seemed like there was nothing a man and a monkey couldn't do.  whew. all done.  we'll still have plenty of time for fun.  whoohoo.   hi. so how'd it go.  big bertha only won first prize.  man: wow, fantastic.  it was the most pleasurable plumpkin playoff possible.  mrs. renkins: i see you got it all.  good job.  george did most of it.  mr. renkins: i just have one question.  what's that.  which one of you taught my pigs to read.  boy: george is a monkey, so he can do thiorge is a monkey, so he can do things you can't do.  girl: he launched things all over the farm, but we are making a launchinggame.  we're trying to launch things, just like curious george did.  the kids are working with levers.  boy: this is a simple machine.  when you press, it flings out.  it didn't go very far.  boy: whoa.  since this red line didn't make the ball go very far, but this one made it go too far, if you put the board inbetween the two lines, the ball will go just the right distance.  five.  ten.  ten.  something you.  it's a week of brand new daniel tiger's neighborhood.  daniel: it's going to be tigertastic.  entire tiger family: hooray.  anncr: peg plus cat add up a week of new adventures too.  peg: get this party started.   anncr: a week so special, you'll say: cat jibberish: blahe blu eehhh akkk elena:.  anncr: brand new daniel tiger's neighborhood and all new peg plus cat.  all week long, starting monday, september 7th on pbs kids.  or watch any time you wanton the pbs kids video app.  on: hey, it's us... the kratt brothers.  chris: we 're totally excited for big blue live from pbs and the bbc.  chris:..  martin: and you can join themfor this live, threenight television event.  llo.   you never do know what's around the bend    big adventure or a brandnew friend    when you're curious like curious george    swing.   well, every day   every day   is so glorious   glorious   and everything   everything   is so wondrous   wondrous   there's more to explore when you open the door   oh.    and meet friends like this    like curious...  curious george.    this program was made possible by: ] com we believe that learning and curiosity go hand in hand.  com early learning academy, proud sponsor of pbs kids and curious george.  funding forcurious george is provided by contributions to your pbs station...  ooh.  ...and from: female announcer: it sure seems like curious george has a lot of friends, like chef pisghetti.  chef pisghetti, like most chefs, uses special tools to cook with.  which of these should you never use to cook with.  oh, that old boot won't help much.  for more curious georgegames like this, org, but don'tgo away just yet.  there's more fun withyour favorite friends, next on pbs kids. )