 do you want to play.  yeah. yeah.  this pile has 10 carrotsdiez zanahoriasand under this box, there's another pile of carrots.  i'm not gonna tell you how many there are, and no counting.  instead, you have to guess by comparing them to the first pile.  are you ready.  yes.  are you ready.  here we go.  this pile's bigger than this pile.  this pile probably has more carrots than this pile.  this pile is twice as big.  maybe 20 carrots.  great guessing.  this pile is twice as big.  we were able to count the number of carrots.  this is called estimating.  to do this at home, ask an adult to find sid the science kid'sestimation exploration at pbsparents.org.  now let's havemath and science fun with our friendcurious george.  announcer: "curious george" is made possible by v chuck e. cheese's, proud supporter of pbs kids, who know for safe fun, we need to make this cool move, before you can make these cool moves.  pbs kidswhere a kid can be a kid.  do you know what.  sunlight travels 93 million miles to ripen and dry the fruits we need to grow strong and healthy bodies.  i thought you'd be curious about that.  sunmaid proudly supports pbs kids.  rainforest cafe: proud sponsor of pbs kids, reminding you that reading and creative thinking are great ways to let your imagination run wild.    you never do knowwhat's around the bend    big adventureor a brandnew friend    when you're curiouslike curious george   swing.   well, every day  every day   is so glorious  glorious  george.   and everything  everything   is so wondrous  wondrous   there's more to explorewhen you open the door    and meet friends like this,you just can't miss    i know you're curious  curious   and that's marvelous  marvelous   and that's your reward    you'll never be bored    if you ask yourself,"what is this."    like curious...    like curious...curious george.   oh...  captioning sponsored byuniversal animation  narrator: it was a great day for george.  for the first time ever, he was going camping.  it was also a great day for hundley, because, well, george was going camping, and that meant george wouldn't be around to mess up his lobby.   okay, you keep track of everything we pass, so we don't get lost.   and i'll watch the compass, so we know which direction we're walking.   the first rule of camping is, always pick a good campsite.  curious george: ooh.    all right. these stakes will anchor our tent.  can you put them in the ground.   aah.   i put a mallet in your pack.  a good camper must be ready for anything.  oh. oh.  huh.  ah.    we'll build a fire a safe distance from the tent.  you gather some dead wood off the ground, okay.    good job, george.  okay, stand back.   narrator: george's wood made a perfect fireperfect for staying warm, and perfect for cooking marshmallows.   mmm, mmm, mmm.  ah.   narrator: the next morning, george emerged from the tent ready for anything.  well, anything but...  man: time to go home, george.  oh.   i don't know when we'll camp again, but soon.  i promise.  soon.  oh. oh.  narrator an expert camper is always ready...  huh.  no, george.  : oh.  narrator: ...so for the next week, george wore his backpack...   ...all the time, everywhere.     no, george. soon.  narrator: but soon never came.  : oh.  poor george. i don't know when i'll be able to take him camping again.  gee, i haven't gone camping in years.  hey, maybe that's what hundley and i should do on our next day offcamp.  and george can come, too.  oh, that would be great.  george, would you like to go camping with hundley.     narrator: as an expert camper, george was happy to show hundley some of his tools.   but knowing that george had a hammer only made hundley nervous.  forget your compass, george.  the autonavigator will guide us.   oh.   doorman: this should be as good a spot as any since we've got the trailer.       oh.  narrator: george couldn't find a tent anywhere.  pretty cushy, huh.  oh, you won't need that pack.  we got everything right here.   narrator: hundley wondered if anyone ever vacuumed this place...   ...and were those ants on his paw..   ...plus tv and microwave, all powered by a rooftop solar panel.   narrator: carpet.  this was more like it.  important to keep the campsite clean.     why don't you two enjoy the outdoors while i make supper.  narrator: as an expert camper, george knew that he had to gather firewood.  as a lobby dog, hundley knew that he had to keep everything orderly and dignified.    aha.   hmm.  narrator: how odd.  george was sure he'd gathered more than that.  doorman: we don't need firewood, george.  i have a microwave oven.   narrator: hundley thought, either someone just took his picture, or that was lightning, which meant...    ...rain.   of course hundley had seen rain before, but city sidewalks never turned soft and gooey.  to hundley, all this nature was just not natural.    whoops.  don't worry, we're protected in here.    doorman: what.  without power, i can't close the hatch.   well, i doubt that much water will get in anyway.   narrator: they didn't know how long it had rained, because the clock in the trailer had stopped working.    until now, hundley thought only george could make a mess this big.   oh.   i left the top down.  the rain ruined the autonavigator.  it's too dark to find our way home without it, but we can't stay in that soggy trailer, either.  narrator: it did seem hopeless.  george wondered what an expert camper would do.  ahh.    not a bad leanto, george.  but all of our sleeping bags are soaked.  narrator: as an expert camper, george did know one thing hot enough to dry them.  if you're thinking about building a fire with that, we can't.  we need dry wood for that.    using the lighter in george's pack, the doorman was able to start a warm fire.  but without electricity, he was unable to open a can.  ah.  then george remembered something else that campers do.  they cook food on sticks.  in the end, they all had a very satisfying meal.  and got a good night's sleep.   even hundley.  oh, boy.  i can't remember which way to go.  hmm.  they found their way using a monkey navigation system.   left it is.  george, you saved our trip.  if you ever want to go camping again, just say the word.   so, for the next week, george wore his backpack.  all the time.  everywhere.  and they all went camping together again.  but this time, hundley chose the campsite.  child: george is a mo things that you can't do.  they used a compass to find their way.  we are using a compass and a map.  today we are going orienteering.  orienteering is the sport where you have a compass and a map.  on the map, there are little circles.  circles are of controls. girl: what's a control.  boy: it's a flag that you're trying to get to.  it's like a race. girl: so we're gonna use a compass.  this is a compass.  the red needle points where north is.  and i can see that we need to head southeast.  i see it.  i see it, too.  we need to go northwest.  child: after this, we will be heading for the finish.  all right, you guys, you did it.  that was eight minutes, 35 seconds.  that was a great time. did you have fun.  yeah. yeah. yeah.   aah.  doh, oh.   good morning, george.  i'm going to sleep five more minutes, okay.   oh.   capt. zany : yessirree.  this here roller coaster whips and snaps you around hairpin turns, at 70 miles per hour.  so come on down to zany island and ride the turbo python 3000.  that's captain's orders.  arg.  uh, well, that looks, uh, very exciting, george.  anyway, we have a lot of errands to run today, i...   like i was saying, i'll get dressed so we can spend a fun day at zany island, riding the turbo python 3000.  aah.  now, don't eat all that licorice at once, okay, george.  huh.  hi, steve, betsy.  hello, george. hi.  hey, have you guys been on the turbo python 3000.  we've been on nine times already.  that's the record.  oohh...  is it, uh, fun.  he screamed his head off nine times.  we're going to ride it all day.  want to come.    narrator: everyone was excited about riding the turbo python 3000.  except the man with the yellow hat.  he was afraid of roller coasters, and remembered the first and last time he rode a roller coaster.  it was so long ago he was just the boy with the yellow hat.   and since that day, roller coasters upset him.  okay, i'm a grown man.  i have no reason to fear a roller coaster.   oh.  uh, enjoy the ride, george.  woo, i am thirsty.  excuse me.  i'm sorry, but you can't ride the turbo python 3000.  huh.  well, you have to be as tall as this sign to ride.  and, uh, you're not.   sorry, pal.  that goes for you, too, son.  huh.  oh.   oh.  do you mind if we ride without you.  uh, yeah.  oh...    hmm...   sorry.  i measure to the top of a head, not the top of a hat. oh.  you're going to have to really grow before you can ride there, little fella.  narrator: george wondered exactly how much he had to grow.  but when he measured with his hand, he was the same height as the sign.  he must have grown already.  oh.  you're not measuring right.  i wish i had a ruler or something.   let's see, uh, one, two, three, four, five.  the sign is five licorice whips tall.  and you are...  one, two, three, four licorice whips tall.  you can come back when you're grown one more licorice whip tall.  until then, enjoy the rest of the park.  oh.   narrator: the man with the yellow hat decided that before today was over he was going to ride that turbo python 3000...  somehow.  well...  this is a start anyway.   whoa.  uhoh.  i can't do it.  oh, boy.  whew, i am thirsty.    the petting zoo was fun, but george had one thing on his mind.  i betcha if we eat what giraffes eat, we'd be tall, too.  hmm.   george imagined how great it would be to be tall enough to ride the turbo python 3000.  ugh.  tastes that bad.  uhhuh.  hey.  i wonder if growing up always tastes bad.    narrator: george wondered how the man got so big.  ah.  exercise. of course.      so you want to grow big and strong like me, huh.  uhhuh, uhhuh, uhhuh.  great.  i'll show you the proper workout and you can be as big as me in five years.  yeah.   george couldn't wait five years.  not today.    one, two, three, four, and a half.  aha.  george had grown half a licorice whip.  eating like a giraffe andexercising really helped.  maybe he could stretch himself the last half a licorice whip.   that's it, honey, go to sleep.  nothing makes you grow like a good sleep. huh.  and i want you to grow up to be big and healthy.    all this growing made george tired.  if sleep made you grow, he could do two things at once.   huh.   sleep made george grow a lotat least in his dream.   i'm sorry, you can't ride the turbo python 3000.  you're too big.  aww.  oh.  george didn't grow as big as he had in his dream.  but he grew enough to be five licorice whips tall.    my hat.  i lost my hat.  seeing betsy lose her hat reminded the man with the yellow hat of that fateful day.  my hat. i lost my hat.  : no.    that's it.  ii'm not afraid of roller coasters.  i'm afraid of losing my yellow hat.  your hat is safe, betsy.   whoa.   uhhuh.  one, two, three, four, five.  : aha.  you grew already.  uhhuh, uhhuh.  huh.  oh...  any chance you've been nibbling on those licorice whips, george.  oh...  uhhuh.  when you were first measured, the licorice whips were longer so it took four of them to measure you.  uhhuh, uhhuh.  but every time you took a bite, you made it smaller, so now it takes five to measure you.  uhhuh, uhhuh.  so you didn't grow at all.  sorry.   what's with all these sour faces.  i don't like sour faces at me park, you know.  oh, hi there, captain zany.  you see, this monkey's too short to ride the turbo python 3000.   too short.  baaahhhh.  he's not too short.  monkeys don't grow very big.  that's why we have the...  "you must be this tall if you're a monkey" side.  : ooh.   ha.  you can ride, george.  and i'm coming with you. but first...  : give me all your licorice.  huh.   whoa.   child: and he can do stuff we can't do.  he was measuring himself with licorice, and then he ate the licorice and made it shorter.  one... two...  girl: she's gonna measure me with her shoe.  ...five, six.  i am six shoes tall.  this is junior's shoe.  ...three...  four...  five.  i counted with my shoe, and it made six, and i counted with his shoe, and it made five.  this one is taller.  that's two different things.  now that we have the erika shoe, we can measure with the erika shoe.  ...six.  i am six erika shoes.  ...seven...  eight.  fabia, you are eight erika shoes tall.   ah...   curious george loves figuring things out, and i figured out a way to grow a garden in this old egg carton.  check it out.  first, we need dirt, then some seeds, and to help them grow, ..  kids: water. right.  pretty soon, we'll haveour own egg carton garden, and you can discovera bunch of new ways to reuse old thingswith your friend curious george at pbskids.org.  up next, explorewhat the big idea is " announcer: "curious george" is made possible rainforest cafe: proud sponsor of pbs kids, reminding you that reading g are great ways to let your imagination run wild.  do you know what.  sunlight travels 93 million miles to ripen and dry the fruits we need to grow strong and healthy bodies.  i thought you'd be curious about that.  sunmaid proudly supports pbs kids.  chuck e. cheese's, proud supporter of pbs kids, who know kids should act their age, especially when they're having fun.  pbs kids: where a kid can be a kid.  do you know what.  scientist in the house.  announcer: it's "sid the science kid," on pbs kids.  did you hear the one about the kid who wanted to know everything about everything.  announcer: he investigates.  let's go get some answers.  announcer: inquires.  have you ever seen a chart.   announcer: and explores the big questions.  banana, why did you have to go and get all brown and mushy.  announcer: it's"sid the science kid," weekdays, only on pbs kids.  are great ways to let your imagination run wild.  curious georgeis alsobrought to you by contributions to your pbs station and from:   you never do knowwhat's around the bend    big adventureor a brandnew friend    when you're curiouslike curious george   swing.   well, every day  every day   is so glorious  glorious  george.   and everything  everything   is so wondrous  wondrous   there's more to explorewhen you open the door    and meet friends like this,you just can't miss    i know you're curious  curious   and that's marvelous  marvelous   and that's your reward    you'll never be bored    if you ask yourself,"what is this."    like curious...    like curious...curious george.   oh...  captioning sponsored byuniversal animation  narrator: it was a great day for george.  for the first time ever, he was going camping.  it was also a great day for hundley, because, well, george was going camping, and that meant george wouldn't be around to mess up his lobby.   okay, you keep track of everything we pass, so we don't get lost.   and i'll watch the compass, so we know which direction we're walking.   the first rule of camping is, always pick a good campsite.  curious george: ooh.    all right. these stakes will anchor our tent.  can you put them in the ground.   aah.   i put a mallet in your pack.  a good camper must be ready for anything.  oh. oh.  huh.  ah.    we'll build a fire a safe distance from the tent.  you gather some dead wood off the ground, okay.    good job, george.  okay, stand back.   narrator: george's wood made a perfect fireperfect for staying warm, and perfect for cooking marshmallows.   mmm, mmm, mmm.  ah.   narrator: the next morning, george emerged from the tent ready for anything.  well, anything but...  man: time to go home, george.  oh.   i don't know when we'll camp again, but soon.  i promise.  soon.  oh. oh.  narrator an expert camper is always ready...  huh.  no, george.  : oh.  narrator: ...so for the next week, george wore his backpack...   ...all the time, everywhere.     no, george. soon.  narrator: but soon never came.  : oh.  poor george. i don't know when i'll be able to take him camping again.  gee, i haven't gone camping in years.  hey, maybe that's what hundley and i should do on our next day offcamp.  and george can come, too.  oh, that would be great.  george, would you like to go camping with hundley.     narrator: as an expert camper, george was happy to show hundley some of his tools.   but knowing that george had a hammer only made hundley nervous.  forget your compass, george.  the autonavigator will guide us.   oh.   doorman: this should be as good a spot as any since we've got the trailer.       oh.  narrator: george couldn't find a tent anywhere.  pretty cushy, huh.  oh, you won't need that pack.  we got everything right here.   narrator: hundley wondered if anyone ever vacuumed this place...   ...and were those ants on his paw..   ...plus tv and microwave, all powered by a rooftop solar panel.   narrator: carpet.  this was more like it.  important to keep the campsite clean.     why don't you two enjoy the outdoors while i make supper.  narrator: as an expert camper, george knew that he had to gather firewood.  as a lobby dog, hundley knew that he had to keep everything orderly and dignified.    aha.   hmm.  narrator: how odd.  george was sure he'd gathered more than that.  doorman: we don't need firewood, george.  i have a microwave oven.   narrator: hundley thought, either someone just took his picture, or that was lightning, which meant...    ...rain.   of course hundley had seen rain before, but city sidewalks never turned soft and gooey.  to hundley, all this nature was just not natural.    whoops.  don't worry, we're protected in here.    doorman: what.  without power, i can't close the hatch.   well, i doubt that much water will get in anyway.   narrator: they didn't know how long it had rained, because the clock in the trailer had stopped working.    until now, hundley thought only george could make a mess this big.   oh.   i left the top down.  the rain ruined the autonavigator.  it's too dark to find our way home without it, but we can't stay in that soggy trailer, either.  narrator: it did seem hopeless.  george wondered what an expert camper would do.  ahh.    not a bad leanto, george.  but all of our sleeping bags are soaked.  narrator: as an expert camper, george did know one thing hot enough to dry them.  if you're thinking about building a fire with that, we can't.  we need dry wood for that.    using the lighter in george's pack, the doorman was able to start a warm fire.  but without electricity, he was unable to open a can.  ah.  then george remembered something else that campers do.  they cook food on sticks.  in the end, they all had a very satisfying meal.  and got a good night's sleep.   even hundley.  oh, boy.  i can't remember which way to go.  hmm.  they found their way using a monkey navigation system.   left it is.  george, you saved our trip.  if you ever want to go camping again, just say the word.   so, for the next week, george wore his backpack.  all the time.  everywhere.  and they all went camping together again.  but this time, hundley chose the campsite.  child: george is a monkey, so he can do things that you can't do.  they used a compass to find their way.  we are using a compass and a map.  today we are going orienteering.  what's orienteering.  orienteering is the sport where you have a compass and a map.  on the map, there are little circles.  circles are of controls.  what's a control. it's a flag that you're trying to get to.  let's go. it's like a raceyou try and get there in the fastest time.  so we're gonna use a compass like george did.  this is a compass.  the red needle points where north is, but if you turn it like this, then it shows you exactly where you are facing.  child: those lines are pointing north.  this arrow is lined up with this arrow.  and i can see that we need to head southeast.  boy: i see it.  oh, i see it, too. oh, i do, too.  we need to go northwest.  child: we should go up the stairs and on the bridge.  we are at the third control.  after this, we will be heading for the finish.  all right. good job.  that was eight minutes, 35 seconds.  that was a great time. did you have fun.  yeah. yeah. yeah.   aah.  doh, oh.   good morning, george.  i'm going to sleep five more minutes, okay.   oh.   capt. zany : yessirree.  this here roller coaster whips and snaps you around hairpin turns, at 70 miles per hour.  so come on down to zany island and ride the turbo python 3000.  that's captain's orders.  arg.  uh, well, that looks, uh, very exciting, george.  anyway, we have a lot of errands to run today, i...   like i was saying, i'll get dressed so we can spend a fun day at zany island, riding the turbo python 3000.  aah.  now, don't eat all that licorice at once, okay, george.  huh.  hi, steve, betsy.  hello, george. hi.  hey, have you guys been on the turbo python 3000.  we've been on nine times already.  that's the record.  oohh...  is it, uh, fun.  he screamed his head off nine times.  we're going to ride it all day.  want to come.    narrator: everyone was excited about riding the turbo python 3000.  except the man with the yellow hat.  he was afraid of roller coasters, and remembered the first and last time he rode a roller coaster.  it was so long ago he was just the boy with the yellow hat.   and since that day, roller coasters upset him.  okay, i'm a grown man.  i have no reason to fear a roller coaster.   oh.  uh, enjoy the ride, george.  woo, i am thirsty.  excuse me.  i'm sorry, but you can't ride the turbo python 3000.  huh.  well, you have to be as tall as this sign to ride.  and, uh, you're not.   sorry, pal.  that goes for you, too, son.  huh.  oh.   oh.  do you mind if we ride without you.  uh, yeah.  oh...    hmm...   sorry.  i measure to the top of a head, not the top of a hat. oh.  you're going to have to really grow before you can ride there, little fella.  narrator: george wondered exactly how much he had to grow.  but when he measured with his hand, he was the same height as the sign.  he must have grown already.  oh.  you're not measuring right.  i wish i had a ruler or something.   let's see, uh, one, two, three, four, five.  the sign is five licorice whips tall.  and you are...  one, two, three, four licorice whips tall.  you can come back when you're grown one more licorice whip tall.  until then, enjoy the rest of the park.  oh.   narrator: the man with the yellow hat decided that before today was over he was going to ride that turbo python 3000...  somehow.  well...  this is a start anyway.   whoa.  uhoh.  i can't do it.  oh, boy.  whew, i am thirsty.    the petting zoo was fun, but george had one thing on his mind.  i betcha if we eat what giraffes eat, we'd be tall, too.  hmm.   george imagined how great it would be to be tall enough to ride the turbo python 3000.  ugh.  tastes that bad.  uhhuh.  hey.  i wonder if growing up always tastes bad.    narrator: george wondered how the man got so big.  ah.  exercise. of course.      so you want to grow big and strong like me, huh.  uhhuh, uhhuh, uhhuh.  great.  i'll show you the proper workout and you can be as big as me in five years.  yeah.   george couldn't wait five years.  not today.    one, two, three, four, and a half.  aha.  george had grown half a licorice whip.  eating like a giraffe andexercising really helped.  maybe he could stretch himself the last half a licorice whip.   that's it, honey, go to sleep.  nothing makes you grow like a good sleep. huh.  and i want you to grow up to be big and healthy.    all this growing made george tired.  if sleep made you grow, he could do two things at once.   huh.   sleep made george grow a lotat least in his dream.   i'm sorry, you can't ride the turbo python 3000.  you're too big.  aww.  oh.  george didn't grow as big as he had in his dream.  but he grew enough to be five licorice whips tall.    my hat.  i lost my hat.  seeing betsy lose her hat reminded the man with the yellow hat of that fateful day.  my hat. i lost my hat.  : no.    that's it.  ii'm not afraid of roller coasters.  i'm afraid of losing my yellow hat.  your hat is safe, betsy.   whoa.   uhhuh.  one, two, three, four, five.  : aha.  you grew already.  uhhuh, uhhuh.  huh.  oh...  any chance you've been nibbling on those licorice whips, george.  oh...  uhhuh.  when you were first measured, the licorice whips were longer so it took four of them to measure you.  uhhuh, uhhuh.  but every time you took a bite, you made it smaller, so now it takes five to measure you.  uhhuh, uhhuh.  so you didn't grow at all.  sorry.   what's with all these sour faces.  i don't like sour faces at me park, you know.  oh, hi there, captain zany.  you see, this monkey's too short to ride the turbo python 3000.   too short.  baaahhhh.  he's not too short.  monkeys don't grow very big.  that's why we have the...  "you must be this tall if you're a monkey" side.  : ooh.   ha.  you can ride, george.  and i'm coming with you. but first...  : give me all your licorice.  huh.   whoa.   child: george is a monkey, and he can do stuff we can't do.  he was measuring himself with licorice, and then he ate the licorice and made it shorter.  all right, guys, we're gonna break you up into small groups right now, and we're gonna do different types of measurement, okay.  one... two...  girl: she's gonna measure me with her shoe.  ...four...  five, six.  i am six shoes tall.  six erica shoes.  this is junior's shoe.  one...  two...  three...  four...  five.  i counted with my shoe, and it made six, and i counted with his shoe, and it made five.  this one is taller... than my shoe.  that's two different things.  now that we have the erika shoe, we can measure with the erika shoe.  one, two, three, four, five, six.  i am six erika shoes.  ...four, five, six, seven...  eight.  fabia, you are eight erika shoes tall.  you can measure anything with erika shoes.   ah...    for more fun with curious george and his friends, visit your local library and read more curious georgeadventures.  or visitthecurious georgewebsite at: curious georgeintroduces children to math and science concepts.  at pbsparents.org, you can help your child's early math development with a pbs parents' guide to early math.  all the tools you need are at: captioned by media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org this programwas made possible rainforest cafe: proud sponsor of pbs kids, reminding you that reading and creative thinking are great ways to let your imagination run wild.  do you know what.  sunlight travels 93 million miles to ripen and dry the fruits we need to grow strong and healthy bodies.  i thought you'd be curious about that.  sunmaid proudly supports pbs kids.  chuck e. cheese's, proud supporter of pbs kids, proud supporter of pbs kids.  helping kids discover the fun of learning not only what the world can do, but also whattheycan do.  pbs kidswhere a kid can be a kid.  curious georgeis alsobrought to you by contributions to your pbs station and from: )