 it's mecoach hooperand i've got my special whistle, which means it's time to get up and exercise.   wow. it's also time to get a new whistle.  ok, now, let's get moving because today, we're going to exercise like painters.   stir that paint    stir it up nice and good    you're stirring and whirring    it's fun to mix it up    now climb the ladder    climb on up, to paint up high    over the door, or the second floor    and brush up and down    you got it, you're doing it    and if it drips, just paint over it   awesome job.  and if you want to try outmore exercises with me, just visit pbskids.organytime you want.  see you soon.   this program was made possible by: believe curiosity can fuel a lifetime of learning.  com early learning academy, proud sponsor of pbs kids and curious george.  funding forcurious george is provided by contributions to your pbs station...  ooh.  ...and from:   you never do know what's around the bend    big adventure or a brandnew friend    when you're curious like curious george   swing.   well, every day   every day   is so glorious   glorious  george.   and everything   everything   is so wondrous   wondrous   there's more to explore when you open the door    and meet friends like this, you just can't miss    i know you're curious   curious   and that's marvelous   marvelous   and that's your reward    you'll never be bored    if you ask yourself, "what is this."    like curious...    like curious...  curious george.   oh...  captioning sponsored by nbc/universal narrator: george and steve were having one of those carefree days when their was nothing to do.   it's great being out on the street and not chasing after charkie for once.    pisghetti: i'll tell you, nettie, we are going to break the record.  "break the record".  what record.  let's see what's going on.   chef, how long is it now.  ..  aw...  oh, hello, giorgio.  hello, stevie.   oh, we are making the longest strand of cooked spaghetti in the world.  oh.   ooh.  : what's that.  oh, this.  well, it's a tape measure i'm using to measure our spaghetti.  ooh, ah...  i can use this to see that you areapbahbahbahtwo feet tall.  : oh.   oh, i knowthat is pretty tall.  but this magnificent strand of spaghetti measures 27, twentyeight, twentynine, thirty feet.  wow.   wow, chef pisghetti, with a spaghetti strand that long, you're sure to get in jenny's world record book.  that's our goal.  we'll know this afternoon when jenny herself comes to see it.  : jjjj jenny, the official world record book lady is coming here..  yes. and we need to go to town hall now to get back before jenny comes.  we're getting permission to enlarge this place, because once we break the record, business will kaboom.  no, no, no.   pisghetti: no, gnocchi.  stop.  no.  stop with the spaghetti.  netti: stupid gnocchi.  steve: come here, gnocchi.  come here.      gnocchi couldn't understand why they had such a huge cat toy, but didn't want a cat to play with it.   pasta e fagioli.  it's going to take hours to untangle this mess.  we don't have hours.  we are due down at the town hall now.  ah.   sure, george and i can untangle the spaghetti.  oh, thank you, stevie.  thank you.  we won't be long.   no pun intended.  oh, nonono you don't.  don't let gnocchi anywhere near that spaghetti.  okay, george.  i'll start wrapping.  you take gnocchiwatch.    huh.   uhuh.    gnocchi knew the kitchen windows were usually kept open.   uhuhuh.   but so did george.   okay, george, guard this spaghetti strand with your life.  uhhuh.  i'm going to hurry home to get my record book collection for jenny to autograph.    oh.      pisghetti : hello.  you have reached pisghetti's.  please leave a tasty message.   pisghetti: steve, are you there.  pick up.  i have an important question to ask.   george wasn't sure if he should pick up the phone.  pick up the phone.  uh...   so george picked up the phone.   oh, steve, thank goodness you answer.  we need for you to check on something for us, eh.   yeah, please go outside and tell me how tall the building next to our building is.    gnocchi got in.  she felt very clever...  for a second.   hmm.  george had never measured anything as big a building.  how was he going to do it.  hmm... ah.  aha.  since he knew he was two feet tall, maybe he could use himself as a measuring tool.  okay,that was one george, but how many georges tall was the building.  let's see.  there was one george, two georges, three georges, four geor...  hey.     oh.  george lost count.  if only he had something like that measuring tape.   or why not that measuring tape.  finally, gnocchi was outside.  but somehow, there was still a door between her and george.   pisghetti : hello, hello.  steve, do you have an answer for me.  uhhuh, uhhuh, uhhuh, uhhuh.   aha.  what.  hello, hello.  george knew he had to keep gnocchi away from that spaghetti strand.  he had an idea how to do it.     now, george had an accurate way to measure the building.  this tape measure could measure anything.  this was going great.  ten feet, 15 feet, 20 feet...   huh.  uhoh.  the tape measure was only 20 feet long.  but the build was more than 20 feet tall.  but how much more.  whoa.    now, how was george going to measure the building.  if only he had something longer than that tape.  hmm...  ah.  of course.  george had a spaghetti strand 30 feet long.     say.  aren't you jenny the world record book lady.  you are correct.  ah, i've been a fan of yours for years.  well, thank you.  i'm here looking for...  i know what you're looking for.  chef pisghetti's is this way.    there's pisghetti's restaurant.  and here's chef pisghetti's strand of spaghetti.  i have got to get a picture of this.   george could see that the spaghetti wasn't touching the ground.   which meant, it was a little bit shorter than the building.  how could he measure the difference.  hey.  aha.  when george held the strand at the top of his head, it reached the ground.  ah.  that meant the building was exactly one spaghetti strand and one george tall.   jenny: oh, yes. oh, this is going to be spectacular.  : love this.  stevie, why you don't come back...   you're jenny the world record book lady.  and you must be chef pisghetti.   yes, yes.  and up there on the roof, is that your monkey friend.  yes, monk...   giorgio.  jenny: displaying your superlong spaghetti strand.  here's the photograph i just took of it.  steve: wow.  does that set a world record, jenny.  oh, i'm afraid not.  here's the picture i took of alphonso dimitri displaying his strand of cooked spaghetti from the leaning tower of pisa.  no, no.  now i'm never going to get in the world record book.  you most certainly will.  you have the second longest strand of cooked spaghetti.  three stories tall.  son of the gun, eh.  wow, chef pisghetti.  three stories tall.  oh, way to go.  oh, three stories.  : i've got to call netti and tell her the building next door is three stories tall.     so george finally got to play with the spaghetti.  and chef pisghetti broke a second record ..."world's longest cat toy." girl: george is a monkey, girl: george is a monkey, so he can do things you can't do.  girl 2: he measured the building with himself and spaghetti.   girl: we were measuring with george and hundley.  what does the word "predict" mean.  you're thinking in your head, and then you're guessing.  we are going to measure the bench.  one, two...  eight, nine.  girl: the bench is nine hundleys long.  molly tried to predict how many georges long the bench would be.  one...  i think there would be more georges than hundleys because george is bigger than hundley.  the bench is five georges long.  which was less.  it was the opposite what i thought.  the large thing made the smaller number, and small thing made the bigger number.  narrator: even a little monkey knows when it's the hottest day of summer.  whew.  it's when birds walk in shadows...   ...dogs leave their tongues out all day.   ...and men with hats, use them as fans.  disc jockey: ah, we've been listening to some cool sounds.  you know, monday was the hottest day in five years.  well, today's going to even be hotter.   too hot for the park, huh.   sun's so strong today, the air conditioner needs a helping hat.     another sign of hot weather.  blackouts.  huh. oh.  ah, when too many air conditioners run at once, they can cause the power to shut down.   i should call the electric company so they know we have no power.    oh, i forgot to put the phone in its battery charger again.  where did i leave it now.  hey.  huh.  uhoh.  ah, the battery's not charged.  uhhuh.  we're due at the museum.  we can call from there.    we almost forgot to turn everything off before we left.    george....      huh.  huh.  oh, no, another blackout.  woman: nope.  watch this.  are we ready, dr. levitt.  ready.   i wanted you to be the first to see.  to see that the lights work.   you just witnessed the first test of the solar panels i installed to power the museum.  we're unveiling them at a party tonight.  we're a solar museum.  wow.   usually, electricity is made far away and sent in on wires.  but now, the museum makes its own power.  oh.  solar panels turn the sun's rays into electricity, which is then stored in these batteries.  oh.  : it's dr. levitt's birthday.  during the party for the solar panels, i'd like to give her a surprise.  ooh, i could make one of my famous birthday lasagnas.  precisely what i was thinking.  these batteries are a lot like the ones in toys, flashlights or cordless phones.  oh. uhhuh.  and they get all their power from the sun.  oh.  george never knew the sun could charge batteries.  i'm going to be busy with my lasagna, so i can't play now, okay.     whew.   whoo.  ah.  a remote control spaceship is the perfect hot weather toy...    hey.  ...until the batteries run out.    george didn't want to bother the man with the yellow hat in midlasagna.  but he needed batteries.  then he remembered how the museum batteries got power from the sun.  ah.  so why not let the sun charge up his batteries, too.   ooh.  there was something else with batteries that needed charging.   here we go.  oh, professor wiseman didn't say what time to bring this.  i'd better call her.  uh, george.  have you seen the phone.   it's outside.  it should be on its charger.   oh, no.  battery's still dead.  huh.  you wanted the sun to charge it.  well, that's not how solar power works, george.  huh. ah.   but the sun can make things hot, especially when it reflects off something shiny.  oh.  since the phone won't work, can you take a note to professor wiseman for me.  ooh, uhhuh, uhhuh, uhhuh.   back again, george.  in this heat.  whew.  oh.  ah.  tell him to get his lasagna over here at 5:00.  here, i'll write it down.  ooh.   oh, those are solar panels.  they convert the sun's rays to electric power, remember.  oh.  george forgot about solar panels.  that's why the phone didn't charge.  right.  batteries store the energy the solar panels create, so we have it when we want it, even at night.  oh.  hey, want a ride home in a solar car.    uhhuh, uhhuh, uhhuh.   ah.  huh.  i didn't even hear that car drive up.  that's because solarpowered engines are quiet.  bye.       thanks, george.  " if i put it in the oven right now, it'll be ready in plenty of time.  hey, while it cooks, we have time to play.    oh, another blackout.  george, the oven's electric.  my lasagna won't cook.  uh, i'd better warn professor wiseman we may be late.  or worse, lasagnaless.  oh. where did i leave it now.   oh, ohoh...     there's no way on earth to cook without power.  hey.   george, that reflected un is hot.  uhhuh, uhhuh.  that reflected sun is hot.  george, you may be a genius.   a pizza box keeps pizza warm, so it'll hold the heat.  a hole to let the sun in...  ...glue on some plastic wrap to keep the heat from getting out again...  and shiny aluminum foil to direct the sun's heat into the box.  fantastic.  angle it so the sun hits the lasagna.  if the power comes back on, we can put it in the oven.  but if doesn't, i think it'll cook.  uhhuh.  hours later, guests arrived at the museum, which was the only building in the whole city with electricity.  ah. how do you have lights.  and air conditioning.  the whole city is without electricity.  ah, the museum is now solar powered.  blackouts can't affect us.  i'm sorry, our power has been out all afternoon.  i couldn't make dessert.  i know.  poor dr. levitt won't have her favorite birthday things.   excuse me, chef.  monkey finger.   it's hot.  it's cooked.  we made a solar cooker.  thank george, and the sun.  oh, thank you.  nothing could make this birthday more special than a solar lasagna.      that was nice of you to teach him to drive the solar car.  i thoughtyoutaught him.  george.   george.  george.  come back with that expensive piece of car.  girl: george is a mo girl: george is a monkey.  he learned how the sun can be used to make electricity.  boy: today, we are visiting gregory kersey.  girl: he makes sculptures that have solar panels.  this is a sculpture called sisyphus.  girl: it takes energy from the sun, turns it into electricity, and it makes sisyphus push the soccer ball over the hill.  when we shadow the solar panel, it will stop.  now we're down here in his workshop.  we're helping greg make a solarpowered toy car.  we're using batteries to test it.  kersey: because there's no sun in my workshop.  okay, connect it up.  contact.  whoa.  awesome.  cool.  girl 2: outside, the car will get its power from the sun, instead of the batteries.  girl: i think solar energy is important because it's natural and it doesn't pollute.  something you.  it's a week of brand new daniel tiger's neighborhood.  daniel: it's going to be tigertastic.  entire tiger family: hooray.  anncr: peg plus cat add up a week of new adventures too.  peg: get this party started.   anncr: a week so special, you'll say: cat jibberish: blahe blu eehhh akkk elena:.  anncr: brand new daniel tiger's neighborhood and all new peg plus cat.  all week long, starting monday, on pbs kids.  or watch any time you wanton the pbs kids video app.  you genius.  they might look like any ukuleleplaying girl and her talking pet cat.  cat: i'm a cat.  but whenever there's counting to be done, count on peg + cat.  weekdays on pbs kids.  or anytime on thepbs kids video app.  llo.   you never do know what's around the bend    big adventure or a brandnew friend    when you're curious like curious george    swing.   well, every day   every day   is so glorious   glorious   and everying   everything   is so wondrous   wondrous   there's more to explore when you open the door   oh.    and meet friends like this    like curious...  curious george.    this program was made possible by: ] com we believe that learning and curiosity go hand in hand.  com early learning academy, proud sponsor of pbs kids and curious george.  funding forcurious george is provided by contributions to your pbs station...  ooh.  ...and from: announcer: curious george loves figuring things out just like a detective, using clues to find an answer.  here are clues some animal left behindbut who made it.  let's seeit's coneshaped, built out of sand, with a small hole up top.  did she make it. no.  but here's another cluea pile of tiny rocks.  an ant colony. get out of the way.  you can use cluesto figure things out with curious george on pbs kids or anytime onthe pbs kids video app.  but don't go away,there's more fun up next. )