 g  everything   is so wondrous  wondrous   there's more to explorewhen you open the door    and meet friends like this,you just can't mi    i know you're curious  curious   and that's marvelous  marvelous   and that's your reward    you'll never be bored    if you ask yourself,"what is this."    like curious...    like curious...curious george.   oh...  captioning sponsored byuniversal animation rrator: it had been a particularly rewarding day at the going out of business store.   george couldn't imagine how this day could get any better.   huh.  or maybe it could.  mabel's department store had added a fresh homemade candy counter.  ooh.  oh, i don't know about you, but i simply can't walk away from blue candy.   but i can't carry this into mabel's.   ooh.  the pyramid sort of enhances the pinkness, don't you think.  mm.  i'm working on rhombus shape, but it keeps falling over.  a rhombus.  it's a work in progress.  anyway, welcome to cayley's candies i'm cayley.  we'd like four small boxes.  great. this is my first order today.  no one could wait till they got home to try the chocolates.  ooh. huh.  hey.  hey, george's box has four, not six.  you got shortchanged.  he can have two of mine.  i just wanted a taste anyway.  so can i have your other three.   george didn't think it was fair for anyone to sacrifice.   there was only one right thing to do.   oh, nuts.  oh, you want to buy two more.  you're missing two.   how do i know you didn't eat them.   you most certainly haven't eaten any chocolate.  boy, you sure have nice teeth.   pick any two you want.  sorry i shortchanged you.  i put some of these boxes together at home and my cat distracts me.    oh, dear.  i need to pick up more stock, but i can't just leave.  hey, would you mind watching the counter.  you're obviously extremely honest.  and i've hardly had any busines all day.  all you have to do is watch the chocolates while i'm gone.   thank you so much.  the mysterious rhombus.  george wondered if he could make a rhombus.  it didn't seem hard.   why did other shapes stack better.   maybe they went together by shape, not color.  george concentrated on his work.   george hadn't expected any customers.  i want a box of chocolates for my wife.  do you have mints.  are these mints.  well, what are those.  uh, that doesn't look like a mint.  the next blue one had the same filling and it still wasn't mint.  well, don't you have a flavor chart.  look, i have more shopping to do.  i'll be back for those mints.  a mint had to be somewhere.  george realized the candies that looked alike had the same filling, so he wouldn't have to bite all of them to find a mint.  just one of each.  hi, i'd like eight pinks and four greens in two boxes.   um, i said eight pinks and four greens in two boxes.  wasn't that what he just did.  oh, what colorful candies.  i want a pink one.   i'd like a black one.  hmm...  okay, okay.  old man: i'd like a blue one.  i'm only playing half price for this, unless you have the other half.  do you have the other half.  can you please prepare my boxes.  i'm going to miss my bus.  i'd like a white one. or a red one.  or maybe another blue one.  george wanted to stop the interruptions so he could work on this box problem.  oh, are you giving out free samples.  gimme, gimme, gimme, mommy, gimme.  my order, please. hello.  george just wanted to keep everyone quiet so he could think.  ooh. free samples.  wonderful.  i'll have another, please.  huh, customers. who would have thunk.  eight pinks and four greens.  in two boxes.  oh, of course.  aha.  thank you. i'd like a box of mints.  you got it.   we sold a ton.  that's fantastic.  yeah.  hey, thanks for the free samples, cayley.  mm, tasty.  free samples.  did you give away some candy.  mmhmm.  we sold 25 candies and gave away 190.   i didn't make enough money to buy more ingredients.  i can't afford to make any more chocolates.  hmm.  once these are sold, that's it.  i'm out of business.   oh, that's okay.  you didn't realize.   all george could do was go home.  it would be a long, sad walk to the apartment.   hey, it's a rhombus.  monkey..   george felt so bad, he couldn't even try one chocolate.   hmm. look at those.  i have never seen blue candy before.  these are amazing.  first thing tomorrow, george, we are getting some candy.  george didn't think cayley would be too happy to see him again.  : oh, no, it's that monkey who gave away all my candy.   george wanted to avoid seeing cayley without seeming vious.   oh, george, you don't need a tie.  don't you want to buy some candy.    wow. maybe we should have come earlier, huh.  oh, it's you.  hey, can you give me a hand.   the free samples were a huge hit.  everyone's coming back to buy more.   let's get to work.   we're nearly sold out.  and i have tons of advance orders.  now i can go buy more ingredients.  george, you are a sorting whiz.  when we get home you can organize the closets.  uhuh, uhuh, uhuh.  well, i'd better go get those ingredients.  you can watch the counter, right.   what.  ah.   i need two dozen mints, 15 pinks, 11 whites in 16 boxes.  and then it starts to get complicated.  13 blue ones, 8 green ones, one black and white one in however many boxes that fills. george.  4 reds, 5 whites, george.  6 blues, 19 purpledot triangley ones and 53 cylinders evenly distributed in small boxes. george.. then 131 blue ones individually wrapped with tiny green ribbons that read, "happy arbor day..." mmm... boy: boy: george is a monkey, and he can do stuff we can't do.  girl: he knocked over all the candy at the store.  this is the recycling shop.  come on in.  thanks for coming to the boston children's museum today.  we have lots of materials that you can make really cool things.  what i need you to do is to help me put the items where they go.  i'm sorting the stuff just like george did.  sorting means putting things in the right places. )