 to your pbs station and from:  you never do knowwhat's around the bend    big adventureor a brandnew friend    when you're curiouslike curious george   swing.   well, every day  every day   is so glorious  glorious  george.   and everything  everything   is so wondrous  wondrous   there's more to explorewhen you open the door    and meet friends like this,you just can't miss    i know you're curious  curious   and that's marvelous  marvelous   and that's your reward    you'll never be bored    if you ask yourself,"what is this."    like curious...    like curious...curious george.   oh...  captioning sponsored byuniversal animation  narrator: george had been counting the minutes all morning.   he could hardly wait.  today was dog show day.    looking forward to seeing your first dog show, george.   dog show.   the idea of dogs putting on a show sounded better than anything he'd ever heard.    hmm.  uh, if that's professor wiseman, would you please let her in.  ah...   it's professor wiseman.   hi. oh, hello, george.  ready to go. mmhmm.  man: ready.  i have never seen him so excited.   i can't go, remember.  ii have to finish crunching these numbers.  : oh...  bye.   have fun, you two.  and, uh, george.  i know.   be a good little monkey.  exactly.  and... close the door, please.    george: ooh...   george got more and more excited...  until the show began, and he found out that a dog show wasn't dogsputting on a show, it waspeopleshowing their dogs to each other.  huh.     george didn't exactly pay attention.    how'd you enjoy the show, george.  aren't all the different breeds fascinating.   would you like to see the winners up close.    george got a big surprise.  because when he actually looked at the big ones...  ...and the small ones...  ah...  ...and the crazily hairy ones...  : ohhoho...  ...he thought the dog show was great.   have you ever seen so many unforgettable dogs before.     : okay.  well, it looks like you had fun.   ii hope he wasn't too much trouble.  he was no trouble at all.  wow. that's great to hear.  got to run.  see you tomorrow.  thanks so much. byebye.  so, you liked the dog show, huh.   george wanted to tell the man about all the unforgettable dogs he saw.   woof. woof.  uh...  but he only remembered three.  it's okay, you can tell me later.  oh, would you do me a big favor and mail these letters.   i made a sandwich, if you're hungry.  and when i'm done, i want to hear about all the dogs.  george was afraid he wouldn't be able to tell the man more, because no matter how hard he tried, he could only remember three.  hmm.  ah...  there was only one solution.   ooh. haha.   but no matter how many times george looked at those dogs, he couldn't remember more than three.  oh...  there was obviously no way a monkey could remember them all.  attention.  could i see the owners of the winners over here, please.  briskly.  briskly, briskly, briskly.   hm.  huh.   ah...   maybe george didn'thave to remember them all.  briskly, now.  i want one shot of each owner with his or her dog.  then one of everyone together.  : briskly.  why aren't you snapping pictures.  because there are no dogs.  there are no dogs.  ththere are no dogs. huh.  well, the winning dogs are... are missing.  all right, people, stay calm.  don't any of you panic, because that is whatido.  call the police. lock the doors.  get the helicopters in here. sample dna.  this is a red alert. don't let anyone leave.   shh...   huh.  huh.  george. a dog pilehundley knew this meant trouble for someone.     ooh.  no papers...  no yellow hat.  the man must have gone out to drop off his work.   huh.  hmm...  huh.    the whole place was filled with strange dogs.  very strange dogs.  how many dogs did george have in here.  george wanted to know how many dogs he had, too.  he counted...  but he stopped at 37.  that sounded wrong.  and he never counted that little one at all.  he wanted to count every dog only once...  so he stuck the three small ones in his room where he knew he could see them.   he led the big ones into the man with the yellow hat's room, where they couldn't run around so much.  and the hairy ones went in the bathroom.  george wanted this one in with the big dogs, but it was hairy enough to go with the hairies.   there were three big, three small,and three hairy dogs.  george, i'm home.  oh, hundley.  what are you doing here.     my new spread. george, there are, like, 20 dogs in here.  george remembered all the dogs.  so where did these three and three and threenine dogscome from.   i'm just so happy they're all back, and all safe.  well, everyone's back where they belong.  huh.  hundley.  stop the car.  hundley's in there.  come back.  girl: well, he's a child: well, he's a monkey.  sometimes he does things that you can't do.  george brought the dogs home so he could organize them by size.  what do you notice about the art room right now.  it's messy. it's a huge mess.  does anybody know what it means to organize something. you put the crayons where the crayons go, you put the scissors where the scissors go.  girl: i'm organizing the markers.  i'm putting the big ones together and the small ones together.  girl 2: we have two different hole punchers.  i don't think i need to separate the different kind of handles because i want all the hole punchers in the same place.  boy: i'm using size to organize the paintbrushes.  this is all big, this is all medium, and this is all small.  child 4: i am organizing the scissors.  we have a box for glue, but do you see what else is in there.  scissors. scissors.  i think that's where they go.  do you think the scissors should be with the glue. yeah.  i think we should put the scissors somewhere else because they're two different things.  that's good.  girl: by putting things together in the right places, we were able to organize the art room.  george was helping get ready for breakfast while the man with the yellow hat got an early jump on se important work.  ah. this country air is just what i needed.  yeah, by tonight, my speech for the tribute to professor wiseman will be perfect.  her great vision.  oh... um...  her great insight.  exhibit. right. uh... uh... algae.  woolly mammoth. her love of the wooly mammoth.  hmm. well. oh, yeah. okay, okay.  i'll stop for breakfast.  well, fruit and eggs are good.  whoa.  these cupboards are too small for us.  maybe we should buy less food.  the thought of having less food made george more hungry.  well, we still need breakfast.  hey, i'll run to the market.  maybe you can finish my speech for me while i'm gone.  hey, george.  i'm helping jumpy out with extra nuts.  he's storing food.  squirrels hide food in the ground.  then, when they need it, they dig it up and have plenty to eat.  george never knew the ground was such a good place to store food.  george and the man with the yellow hat needed a good place to store food.  george could hardly wait to chew the rewards of squirrelstyle storage.  mmmmm. george, these doughnuts are delicious.  george, this fish is phenomenal. yeah.  all right, now for breakfast, then back to work on my speech.  what.  where's our food.  george, i think there's a food thief on the loose.  why would someone steal paprika.  george wanted to explain that he had it all taken care of.    do we have gophers.   gophers stole our food.  my paprika.  why would someone bury paprika.   george, squirrels bury nuts and seeds, not orange juice.  orange juice doesn't belong in the ground.   let me show you what belongs in the ground, okay..  see this.  nuts and seeds come from trees and plants.  they can grow into new ones if they're not eaten.  you see, that's a peanut jumpy buried a while ago.  it's started to grow.  now, when i was a boy...  this tree wasn't here.  hi, bouncy squirrel.  i used to watch jumpy's greatgrandfather bury his food.  that winter, jumpy's greatgrandfather didn't eat that acorn.  then it started to grow and just kept growing.  this tree came from an acorn just like this.  now do you understand.  georgethoughthe understood.  we need more orange juice, so i'll walk back to the market.  then i really need to get back to that speech.  if an acorn could become a big tree...  george wondered what a rubber band would grow into.  or a feather.  george was gonna grow all kinds of exciting things.  the man with the yellow hat hadn't finished his speech.  george could grow the rest for him.  blahblahdyblah, bleebyblee bloo blahblah.  all: ooh.  thank you.  this would be the best speech ever.  hi, geo...  have you been just sitting there waiting for me the whole time.   youweren'tjust sitting there waiting for me the whole time.   when the man looked like that, it meant george was about to hear a long lecture.  ...so, you see, seeds, nuts, acornsgrow.  my socks, the radio, the can openerdon't grow.  oh.   okay.  now, we have to dig up all those things you buried.   ohh...  george, where's my speech..  okay. we have to dig up my speechfirst.  unlike jumpy squirrel, george didn't know how to find what he wanted.  everything smelled like dirt.  hey, you diggin' a swimming pool.  huh. oh, no, bill.  george was being a squirrel and buried my speech.  we can't find it.  well, i'll help.  wait, i know someone who can really help.  she's a great digger.  no speech here.  oh, diggin' a pool there, are ya.  george buried something and we're trying to find it.  well, i've got a metal detector i use to find coins and such down by the lake.  maybe that'll help.  cool.  uh, well, my speech isn't exactly made of...  well, no.  ahoy.    maybe it's what you're looking for.  no, my speech isn't made of...  ooh.  are they pirate keys.  eh, could be.  maybe to a treasure chest.   uh, no... we're, we're not gonna find my speech, and i can't rewrite it in time.  i'll just have to skip the tribute.  george didn't have the talents of a squirrel, but he did have the talents of a monkey.  which meant...  he could see really well.   haha.  you found it.  the speech.   well, that's not made of metal.   so this is the air that inspired that wonderful speech.  are you planting something.  huh. itit's a long story.  that's not a peanut.  looks like something you buried is growing.   maybe youarea little bit squirrel after all.  girl: geor kid: georgeororge can do a lot of things that we can't do because he's a monkey.  kid 2: and he tried to plant all kinds of things that wouldn't grow.  ah...  we started with some beans.  we got plates and paper towels.  we put the paper towels on the plate, put the beans on and spread them out so they have space.  and we put water on it and we're trying to see how it can grow.  we don't want the water to dry out.  that's why we're putting the beans in the bag.  i think they're gonna look like plants.  i want to place it right here.  for two weeks, they grew.  they're getting big.  now i'm gonna open them up.  the sprout came out of the bean.  this is what this one used to look like, only this one grew.  right.  this sprout will make it maybe...  maybe up to the clouds.  this is the sprout and here's the roots.  if i planted this, it'll probably grow a bean plant.  the bean sprouted because we put water in it.  you can grow things out of just seeds.  they'll grow into stuff that their parents were.  like, if you had, um, a carrot seed...  they don't have seeds.  um, like, an apple seed.  then when it grows up, it'll be an apple tree.  lly chattering) for more fun with curious george and his friends, visit your local library and read more curious georgeadventures.  or visit thecurious georgeweb site at: captioned bymedia access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org "curious george" introduces children to math and science concepts.  org, you can help your child's early math development with the pbs parents guide to early math.  ..  bwsgswsgsssgsgsgscbg this programwas made possibl rainforest cafe: proud sponsor of pbs kids, reminding you that reading and creative thinking are great ways to let your imagination run wild.  do you know what.  sunlight travels 93 million miles to ripen and dry the fruits we need to grow strong and healthy bodies.  i thought you'd be curious about that.  sunmaid proudly supports pbs kids.  chuck e. cheese's, proud supporter of pbs kids, who know kids should act their age, especially when they're having fun.  pbs kids: where a kid can be a kid.  curious georgeis alsobrought to you by contributions to your pbs station and from: hey, want to hear a fun rhyme.  is it about a dalmation.  it's a rhyme about a clam named sam who is best friends with a lamb named pam.  sam said, "hey, pam would you likesome bread and jam." i'd rather havea peanut butter sandwich.  hey, that doesn't rhyme.  speakswith captioning )