 miss rosa: it's the pbs kids field trip.  can you guess where we're going today.  here's a clue.  so did you guess where we are today.  right, at a zoo, where you can see animals from all over the world, like this giraffe from africa.  girl: hey, miss rosa, what do giraffes eat.  well, let's go talk to amy.  she works here. come on.  hi, guys.  i'm amy the zookeeper, and i'm cutting up food for the giraffe.  oh, it looks like they eat carrots and sweet potatoes.  they do, and they also eat acacia leaves.  did you guys want to feed them.  yeah. yeah. yeah.  all right. let's go.  that sure is a purple tongue.  that's right, and there's a reason for that.  that very shade of purple helps protect their tongue from the sun.  cool. cool. cool.  wow, you never know what you might learn when you explore new places and new things.   this program was made possible by: believe curiosity can fuel a lifetime of learning.  com early learning academy, proud sponsor of pbs kids and curious george.  funding forcurious george is provided by contributions to your pbs station...  ooh.  ...and from:   you never do knowwhat's around the bend    big adventureor a brandnew friend    when you're curiouslike curious george   swing.   well, every day  every day   is so glorious  glorious  george.   and everything  everything   is so wondrous  wondrous   there's more to explorewhen you open the door    and meet friends like this,you just can't miss    i know you're curious  curious   and that's marvelous  marvelous   and that's your reward    you'll never be bored    if you ask yourself,"what is this."    like curious...    like curious...curious george.   oh...  captioning sponsored byuniversal animation narrator: winter was dragging on in the big city.  it seemed the snow would never melt.  hmm.  fortunately, george and the man with the yellow hat wereheading out on a tropical vacation.  the bags were packed, the tickets were in place.   yes, the man with the yellow hat had taken care of everything....  except setting the alarm.   aah. george, we overslept.   where's the other... hole.     huh.   whew.  ah. whew.  we made it.  hawaii, here we come.   oh, here, george.  this will make it easier.  uhhuh, uhhuh, uhhuh.  well, hello, little fella.   ooh...  narrator: and then george saw ithis first airplane.  a free gift for you.  thanks for flying kona karriers.   he liked this airport already.   wow, george, i can't believe our luck.  no line.  what are the chances of that.  pretty good since all the planes are grounded.  i'mi'm sorry.  haven't you heard the weather forecast.  oh, no, the alarm didn't go off, and then i had to pack my monkey.   huh. oh.  what a cute little monkey.   whoo.  ooh.  huh. bad news.  our plane's delayed.  big storm in chicago.   ...his toy plane was gone.  he'd left it right here on a red suitcase.  oh.  let's find a place to sit.  it's going to be a while.  george didn't want to bother the man with the yellow hat about his lost toy.  he had the real plane to worry about.  but george couldn't stop thinking about it.  where could his toy plane have gone.  how about i see if i can find a coloring book for you.  ooh, uhhuh, uhhuh, uhhuh.  okay, i'll be right back. stay put.  narrator: and then it hit himif he found that red suitcase, he'd probably find his toy plane, too.  yay.   hey.   pardon me. hey.  narrator: one important rule of travel: if you jump on a moving sidewalk, make sure it's going the same way you want to go.  but no matter how fast george went, that suitcase went faster.  man : would the parent or guardian of a little lost monkey please report to the information desk.  oh, i can't thank you enough.  not a problem.  how about we check on our flight again.   oh, dear. it says here, your plane might be canceled altogether.     narrator: it was just like a real carousel, only longer... and greasier, and instead of ponies it had suitcases.  not just any suitcases...  the red suitcase.    ah.  george: ooh. ah.  it was a movermaze, but not for people.  luggage got to have all the fun.  good news.  they think it's clearing up.  late planes are taking off in 15...  george. george.  man : would the parent or guardian of a little lost monkey please report to the information desk,again.    hope he wasn't any trouble.  : not a bit.  oh, we've got a plane.  takeoff is in ten minutes.   narrator: finally, hawaii.  if only he'd found his toy plane.  just when george was sure he'd seen all the moving things, there was another one.  it was too small for people...   ...but perfect for george.  maybe it was a monkeymover.  oh, no, you don't.   oh, that. they use it to find things.  aha...  narrator: maybe george could borrow it to look for his plane.  all set.  let's find our gate and...  george.   ooh.     aha.       george.  fancy seeing you here.      would the parent or...    okay.  so long, george.  have a nice trip.   have a nice flight, george.   oh.  now, george, i'm just going to confirm our seat assignments.  whatever you do, don't go anywhere.  i mean it.     hey, there. what are you doing here.  you should be at the animal loading area.   do you have any bananas on this flight.       well, i'll be a monkey's uncle.  how did you get out of your crate.  where is your crate.   hey, you don't belong here.  you got yourself a seat.  now, we got to get you to your plane.  quick, you can ride in the tug.  george. george.  man : this is the final boarding call for kona karriers flight 5230 to hawaii.  hhave you seen george.  but i can't get on.  i've lost my monkey.  now, do you mean george.  enjoy your flight, george.   chortling "oh, hi.") thanks, captain.  oh, there you are, you little dickens.  i was hoping i'd see you again.  remember me, from the line.   you left this on my bag. oh.    narrator: that airport was a fun place.  it was like a vacation before vacation.     in fact, the airport was better than vacation.  for george, the quiet beach didn't compare to the buzzing, flashing, beeping airport.   huh.  ooh...    but, then again, when you're curious...  fun has a way of just showing up.   and sometimes he does things that we can't do.  boy: he was riding on the suitcase mover.  we are going to look at some other moving machines.  today, we're at the grocery store.  woman: this is called a conveyer belt.  we use it to bring the food from down there to over here so that i can reach it.  there's a beam of light that comes out, and when something goes in front of it, it stops.  then allen, the store manager, came.  why don't you follow me. we'll go take a look around.  he took us to the bakery.  anybody know why we put a hairnet on.  so you don't get food in your hair.  hair in your food. close.  these are our bakery racks.  girl: dave rolled the rack into a big oven, and the machine helped it move around so the cookies would be baked.  where's ken.  i'm bagging your groceries right now.  we bring this box over to this big conveyer belt here.  conveyer belts help get the job done.   narrator: just as the early bird catches the worm, so does the early monkey catch the, um...  fish.   byebye.  all fishermen have tales of their adventures, but george was going to take pictures.   oh, you look like a regular first mate, george.  got your camera.  today starts my annual inventory of every living thing in lake wanasink lake.  and you're official photographer.  i find them, you take their picture.  uhhuh, uhhuh, uhhuh.   george, a teninch rainbow trout.  get a picture, and i'll turn her loose.  we always let them go back home.     oh, boy.  oh, it's a big one.  get that camera ready.   oh, boy.  huh.  well, this, we don't throw back.  but if we find the rest of the orchestra, we're going to need a bigger boat.   ooh.  well, we did a good day's work, george.  you never know what will wash down here after a big rain.  oh.  well, we'll get that tomorrow.  oh. what have you got there.    an american eel.  i've never seen one here before.  you've got to get his picture.    that is rare.  he must have wandered in while heading downriver on his way to the ocean.  you can get his picture tomorrow, and then we'll make sure he gets where he needs to go.    narrator: the next morning, george headed out early, determined to catch a picture of that rare eel.    oh, sorry, george.  a whale has lost her way down where the river meets the sea, and i'm going to help.   well, we'll look for that eel tomorrow.  hey, george.  did mr. quint say you guys saw an eel.  in this lake.  uhhuh, uhhuh, uhhuh.  eels never come to this lake.  i'm going to catch it and take it home.   you wanted to be the one to catch it, huh.   okay, it's a contest.  i'll go get my equipment.   narrator: george couldn't let bill catch that poor lost eel and take it home.  he had to catch it first.    with mr. quint and all of his equipment gone, george had to find his own fishing pole...  fast.  ah... aha.    hey.  aah.   narrator: this fishing pole was too slippery.   this was easy to hold.  ah... yeah.  and string wouldn't slip off.  oh...  but it had other problems.   : oh...  hmm...  this fishing pole worked just fine.   what kind of bait are you using, george.  huh.  i've been using worms, but i think salmon eggs are better bait.  george thought he'd probably need better bait, too.   well, first he'd need bait.   aha.  george had been eating a carrot when he saw the eel.  maybe eels liked carrots, too.  or other favorite monkey foods.  unless george could figure out what an eel ate, bill was gonna take it home for sure.  oh.  if he moved fast, george could get that eel's picture.      bill : george.  i've got something.  wow, it's heavy.    i won.  i get to take the eel home.  aw.  it's just an old bicycle tire inner tube.  whew.  now i'll have to replace this hook.  i'll be right back.  you're not gonna have time to beat me.    here was george's chance to get the eel first, so bill couldn't take it home.  the eel was out of reach, and george was out of breath.    this looked bad.  soon, bill would be back with his new hook.  aha.  a hook was just what george needed.  now if only he could get the waterto sit still.   hmm.    bill: george, you got one.   wow.  it looks like a big one.  don't worryi'll help you.  george didn't want bill to get the eel, but he didn't want the eel to remain trapped, either.   george, this is what happens when you don't use the proper fishing gear.  oh.  aw....  it's just an old cage.   hey.  the eel's in that cage.  and you're the one who hooked him.   okay, you won.  but, george, we have to help that eel get back to its home where it belongs.  huh.  well, that's why i wanted to catch it.  to take it home, to the ocean.  huh.  ah...  whew.   being a city kid, you don't know this, but eels travel from freshwater to the ocean to spawn.  bon voyage, mr. eel.  that's the proper way to say goodbye to someone headed out on the ocean.   narrator: all the fishermen came back with tales that day.  mr. quint's tale of how he freed a whale, and george's tale of how he and bill freed that eel.    do things that you can't do.  boy: he tried to build a fishing pole from different things he found.  today we're building stuff.  we're going to build things with all these sorts of junk.  we're all working together to make a house.  i took bamboo and put it in all four corners, and then we could put the structure up here.  this is the basic structure of our house.  that is where the top is going to be.  this is the trench we're going to put cardboard in.  the cardboard is going to be the walls around the house.  eliza's making furniture.  these are popsicle sticks.  i think this is one of the best materials for the furniture.  where should this part go.  boy: is that a door. yeah. that's huge.  they own an elephant.  all right, we need to put the tape on. we did it.  the house is done.  wednesday...  that hohum, stuck in the middle day.  wednesday:  anncr: until now.  wednesday: ah.  anncr: all this month, pbs kids is giving your mid week a shake up.  during wild wednesdays. part of summer safari.  featuring new episodes of wild kratts each week.  martin: you don'twant to miss this.  wooahhhhhhh.  anncr: so join the wild krattsfor wild wednesdays...  martin: woohoo.  anncr: ...part of pbs kids' summer safari.  with new episodes every wednesday, all this month.  and check out wild kratts anytime on thepbs kids video app.  george:" anncr: this month is wild with new episodes of wild kratts every wednesday.  martin kratt: "ha, ha" anncr: and in august, it's the premiere of curious george 3:back to the jungle.  anncr: don't miss summer safari on pbs kids or anytime on the pbs kids video app.  i'm going to make a wall out of rocks and mud.  samantha: i'm going to record some sounds and see if they can guess what sounds i made.   a horse.  sebastian: well, actually, we're going to come back a little later and see what these shadows look like.  oh.  now look at my shadowit's totally thin.  this is weird.   this program was made possible by: ] com we believe that learning and curiosity go hand in hand.  com early learning academy, proud sponsor of pbs kids and curious george.  funding forcurious george is provided by contributions to your pbs station...  ooh.  ...and from: female announcer: george is always learning something new.  i bet it's because he stays curious.  curious about how a flowercomes from a little ..  ..  or why some things fall downand others don't.  stay curious like george.  visit him and play gamesat pbskids.org.  don't go away.  there's more fun with yourpbs kids friends coming up next. )