 that's because pech cheated by using his magic ball.  no one knew that pech used a magic ball.   when it was time for the mayan ball championships everyone was afraid to play pech's team because pech always won with his magic ball.  to play in the game, each team must have five players.  pech's team had five players, but no one would play on hoon and balan's team.  hoon and balan couldn't play in the championship with only two players.  that made the sun and moon so sad that the sun hid behind the moon and wouldn't come out.  boots: dora, if the twins can't find anyone to join their team pech's team will win the championship by cheating.  that's not good.  we've got to tell the twins thatwe'llplay on their team.  and we'll use their ball instead of pech's, so he won't be able to cheat.  great idea, boots.  we'll win the championship fair and square.  come on.  we've got to jump into the book to help the twins.  you have to stand up to jump.  stand up, please.  stand up, stand up.  ..  jump, jump, jump, jump.  we made it to the mayan kingdom.  and look.  there are the twins, and they're still playing ball.  they sure do love that game.  hi, hoon.  hi, balan.  i'm dora, and this is boots.  we've come to be your friends and help you.  look.  pech has a magic ball.  that's why he scored all the time.  see.  pech didn't follow the rules.  that's not fair.  then he shouldn't be the champion.  you're the best players.  you should play in the championship ball game.  then you could win the game fair and square.  ..  we don't have a team.  dora, boots.  do you know how to play the mayan ball game.  yes.  will you be on our team.  yeah.  great.  remember, we need five players on the team.  let's see if we have enough players by using math.  count with us.  one, two, three, four.  four players, and we need five.  so how many more players do we need.  one more, right.  we need your help.  will you play on our team with us.  fantastico.  we need to get to the ball game quick.  who do we ask for help when we don't know which way to go.  the map.  the map, right.  " louder.  "  i'm the map, i'm the map    he's the map, he's the map     ooh.  dora, boots, and the twins need to get to the ball game quick so they can play in the championship.  well, i know how to get to the ball game.  first, you go through the pyramid.  then, across the starry jungle.  and that's how you'll get to the ball game.   so, remember: pyramid, jungle, ball game.  say it with me.  pyramid, jungle, ball game.  pyramid, jungle, ball game.  pyramid, jungle, ball game.  now you tell dora, first, you go to the pyramid.  where do we go first.   the pyramid, right.  do you see the pyramid.   yeah, there it is.  isi, alli esta.  come on.  let's go to the ball game and help the twins win the championship.  fair and square.  vamonos.  we'll practice while we run.  ..]  we're going to the ball game    we'll practice on the way    we've got to wiggle with our hips    yeah, that's the way we play   come on.  wiggle with us to practice for the championship game.   wiggle, wiggle, wiggle      dora    wiggle, wiggle, wiggle      boots    wiggle, wiggle, wiggle      you    wiggle, wiggle, wiggle    we've got the ball     dora and boots: wow.  the pyramid.  hey, the door won't open.  this is the pyramid of the moon.  to open the door, we have to find the pieces of the moon.  dora: which piece goes here.   you found it.  which piece goes here.   there it is.  which piece goes here.   right.  we're almost done.  which piece goes here.   that issocool.  come on.  dora: look.  to get through the pyramid, there are steps to go up, and a slide to go down.  to tell us to go up or to go down in spanish " " great.  " muy bien.   boots: snakes, snakes, snakes.  uhoh.  we don't want to run into the snakes.  which way do we go.  vamos arriba, o vamos abajo.   vamos arriba,right.  remember to watch out for the snakes.  which way do we go.  vamos arriba, o vamos abajo.   vamos abajo.  more snakes.  which way do we go.  vamos arriba, o vamos abajo.   vamos abajo, si.  whee.   ..] we made it through the pyramid.  great spanishspeaking.  where do we go next, dora.  pyramid, jungle, ball game.  we made it through the pyramid, check.  where do we go next.   jungle, right.  the starry jungle.  so we need to find the starry jungle.  do you see the starry jungle.   there it is.  si, alli esta.  dora, we've got to hurry.  come on.  let's go to the ball game and help the twins win the championship.  fair and square.  ivamonos.  ..]  we're going to the ball game    we'll practice on the way    we've got to wiggle with our hips    yeah, that's the way we play   come on.  wiggle with us to practice for the championship game.   wiggle, wiggle, wiggle      dora    wiggle, wiggle, wiggle      boots    wiggle, wiggle, wiggle      you    wiggle, wiggle, wiggle    we've got the ball     we made it to the starry jungle.  um, this jungle is so dark.  we need more light to see our way through.  dora, mayans use the stars to help us find our way.  our father taught us how to do it.  yeah, look.  these stars make pictures in the sky calnstellations.  but they aren't bright enough, because they're the little baby constellations.  if we find the big mommy constellations, they can brighten our way.  will you help us bring the baby constellations and the mommy constellations together.  great.  here's the little bird.  do you see the big bird.   you found it.  and now, they're shining brighter.  and the jungle is getting lighter.  here's the little turtle.  do you see the big turtle.   there it is.  here's the little fish.  do you see the big fish.   you're good at this.  one more.  here's the little jaguar.  do you see the big jaguar.   ifantastico.  you found all the matches.  and look how much brighter the constellations are.  now we can see our way through the jungle.  thanks for helping us get through the starry jungle.  where do we go next, dora.  pyramid, jungle, ball game.  we made it through the pyramid, check.  we made it across the jungle, check.  where do we go next.   the ball game, right.  so we need to find the ball game.  do you see the ball game.   there it is, there it is.  isi, alli esta.   come on, let's go.   we're going to the ball game    we'll practice on the way    we've got to wigglewith our hips    yeah, that's the way we play    wiggle, wiggle, wiggle    wiggle, wiggle, wiggle    wiggle, wiggle, wiggle    we've got the ball     ..] woman: last call for any team to play in the championship.  we're here to play in the championship.  do you have five players.  count with us.  one, two, three, four, and you are five.  you can play in the championship.  yay.  i'm ready to play.  not with that ball.  look.  pech used his magic ball so he would win.  he didn't play fair.  you can't use your magic ball in the game, pech.  that's cheating.  cheaters never win, and winners never cheat.   all right.  i'll beat them anyway.  we can use the twins' ball in the game.  and we'll play fair and square.  the team who gets the ball into the ring wins the game.  this is it.  we've got to help hoon and balan win the game.  we've practiced and we're ready.   start the game.  dora: the twins and pech are racing to the ball.  boots: look, pech tricked balan.  uhoh.  pech's team has the ball.  if they score, they win.  pech is taking a shot.  pech missed because he didn't have his magic ball.  pech is so tricky.  we have to be really good.  yeah.  uhoh, pech's team is blocking the twins.  they can't bump the ball into the ring.  they have to pass the ball to you.  the ball is coming to you.  you have to wiggle your hips back and forth.  wiggle, wiggle, wiggle.  now, bump the ball back.  you did it.  you bumped the ball back to dora.  referee: score.  ..] our team scored.  we won.  we won, we won.  thank you for playing on our team and helping us win.  without my magic ball, that game is really hard, and you guys are really good.  i'm sorry i cheated.  i really wanted to be a good ball player.  you've got to practice if you want to be a od player.  and then, the game is more fun to play.  we can practice with you.  really.  you guys are the best.  dora.  the twins are making friends with pech.  all right.  look.  the sun is so happy that we won the championship he's come out from behind the moon.  yeah, the sky is bright again.   referee: time for the medals.  one for hoon.  one for balan.  one for dora.  one for boots.  and you get one too.  yay.  we played on the twins' team and won the mayan ball game championship.  we did it.  ..]  we did it    we did it    we did it    yay    lo hicimos    we did it    we helped hoon and balan win the mayan game   . we did it    we did it    we did it    hooray    then the sun came out and it was bright again    we did it    we did it    we did it    we did it    i learned that cheaters never win, and winners never cheat    because hoon and balan just can't be beat    yay    oray     whoo.   we had such an exciting trip today.  what was your favorite part of the trip.  i liked that tomy favorite part was matching the big stars with the little stars.  my favorite part was playing the mayan ball game with the twins and winning the championship.  seeing hoon and balan play ball was really cool.  we couldn't have done it without you.  thanks for helping.  igracias.   8hqh hnpvhq