  yay. wahoo.  yeah.     wow.  hola, soydora.  and i'm boots.  do you like the beach.  both: we love the beach too.  we're at the beach with all of our friends.  we love building sand castles and playing volleyball.  eatingpaletas and collecting seashells.  tada.  ayudenme.  help. help.  uhoh, someone's calling for help from the ocean.  do you see who's calling for help.  ayudenme.  help. help.  si,it's a mermaid girl, una sirena.  hola,mermaid. soydora.  and i'm boots. hi.  soymaribel.  que pasa,maribel.  i'm lost, and i have to get back home tomi mami.  aw, you need to be with your mommy.  we can help you get back home.  de veras.  por supuesto.  maribel, where is your home.  i live in mermaid cove, a beautiful mermaid kingdom at the bottom of the ocean.  mermaid cove is a happy place filled with music and songs.  mi mamiand i love to sing together with all the mermaids.   singing makes mermaids happy    there is a rhythm like a heartbeat when we're singing    that fills you up with joy    when you sing with a mermaid    the friendship lasts forever    there is a melody that plays within your heart   both: canta, canta, canta con tus amigos   sing, sing, sing making music wherever we go   all: canta, canta, canta with all your friends    sing, sing, sing and the song will never end    will never end   now i just want to get back home tomi mamiin mermaid cove.  then she could hear you sing again.  oh,si, si. por favor.  we'll help you get back home to mermaid cove, maribel.  uh, dora, how are we going to get to mermaid cove.  who do we ask for help when we don't know which way to go.  the map, right.  i need your help.  will you check the map to find the quickest way to mermaid cove.  " both: say map. say map.   i'm the map, i'm the map   all:  he's the map, he's the map     dora and boots have to take maribel home to her mommy in mermaid cove.  ohh, mermaid cove is deep at the bottom of the ocean.  well, i know how to get there.  first, you have to go through the octopus' ..  ..  and that's how you get to mermaid cove.  so remember: garden, rocks, mermaid cove.  say it with me: garden, rocks, mermaid cove.  garden, rocks, mermaid cove.  garden, rocks, mermaid cove.  so you tell dora, first you go to the garden.  where do we go first.  the garden,correcto.  the octopus' garden.  we have to find the octopus' garden.  but how are we going to find it under the water.  i have my magic mermaid necklace.  our friend mariana the mermaid gave it to me so i could transform into a mermaid if i needed to.  boots, if you hold my hand, the magic will work for you too.  cool.  i need your help to transform into a mermaid.  " " " louder.  both:transformate.  oh, dora,que linda.  and, boots, i love, love, love your sea monkey feet.  me too.  can we go home now. por favor.  okay, maribel.  first we need to find the octopus' garden.  is the octopus' garden on the path with the starfish or the blowfish.  the starfish,claro.  i see them. i see them.  come on, let's bring maribel home to mermaid cove.  so i can sing withmi mami.  vamonos.    both:  mermaid cove     all:  mermaid cove    we're on our way vamos en camino  both:  off we go    on a mermaid adventure   both:  and she's got to, got to, got to    singcon mi mami   so we've got to, got to, got to take maribel home    we'll cross the ocean    go through the garden    past the rocks    so i can go home   all: yeah.  both:  and we got to, got to, got to take...    come on.  both:  we got to, got to   ..   maribel home.  yeah.   dora, i think that sunken ship is following us.  i don't think that's just a sunken ship.  is that just a sunken ship.  who's inside that ship.  both: swiper.  he's going to try to swipe the mermaid necklace.  and then we won't be able to take maribel home to her mommy.  ay, no.  we've got to stop him.  " say it with us.  all: swiper, no swiping.  swiper, no swiping.  swiper, no swiping.  oh, man.  phew, that was close.  thanks for helping us stop swiper.  let's go. let's go.  vamos.  we made it to the octopus' garden.  and there's our friend val the octopus.  bienvenidos, amigos.   oh, that tickles.  val, we need to take maribel home to her mommy.  i really miss her.  aw, a little mermaid should be with her mommy.  can we go through your garden. por favor.  claro que si.  ..  to get through the garden, you have to follow the flower pattern in this order: rojo, amarillo, rojo, amarillo.  " " " muy bien.  one more thing.  ..  the blue lobsters.  all: ooh.  they are very pinchy.  and they might try to pinch you.  we'll be careful. te lo prometo.  remember, we have to follow the color pattern: rojo, amarillo.  vamonos.  say it with me:rojo, amarillo.  all:rojo, amarillo, rojo, amarillo.  what comes next.  rojo,right.  so we have to go this way.  dora, look.  all: blue lobsters.  both: pinchy, pinchy, pinchy.  uhoh. they want to pinch us.  we better get out of here.  quick, say it with us.  all:rojo, amarillo, rojo, amarillo, ..  what comes next.  amarillo, muy bien.  vamos.    we made it through the octopus' garden.  and we got away from the blue lobsters.  thanks for helping.  great spanish speaking.  where do we go next, dora.  garden, rocks, mermaid cove.  we made it through the octopus' garden: check.  where do we go next.  the rocks,correcto.  the ocean rocks.  we need to find the ocean rocks.  are the rocks on the path with the clams or the jellyfish.  the clams,correcto.  come on, let's bring maribel home to mermaid cove.  ooh, ooh, then i can sing withmi mami.   cuidado, amigos.  these are snappy clams.  snappy clams.   they sure are snappy clams.   boots, you've got a lot of clams on your tail.  yeah, i've got one, two, three, four, five, six, seven clams on my tail.   uh, how do i get the clams off my tail, dora.  hey, one came off.  boots, when you wiggled your tail, it looked like you were dancing.  yeah, it was mkey dance.  so i know what we can do.   if we want to get the clams off boots' tail    i know the very best way that cannot fail    check out the moves, get on your feet    so let's wiggle our tails with a mermaid beat   we all have to wiggle, wiggle, wiggle to get the clams off.  wiggle with us.  both:  wiggle, wiggle, wiggle   wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, wiggle.  both:  wiggle, wiggle, wiggle   wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, wiggle.  all:  wiggle our sea monkey tails   did we get all the clamsoff boots' tail.  ..  one, two, three, four, five.  how many clams are lefton his tail.  two, right.  so we need to keep wiggling.  both:  check out the moves, get on your feet    so let's wiggle our tails with a mermaid beat    wiggle, wiggle, wiggle   wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, wiggle.  both:  wiggle, wiggle, wiggle   wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, wiggle.  all:  wiggle our sea monkey tails   yay, it worked. it worked.  boots, does your tail feel better.  much better, maribel.  muchas gracias.  and thanks to you for wiggling and doing the sea monkey dance.  hey, look.  both: the ocean rocks.  oh, i can't wait to see mi mami.  let's go. let's go.  come on. vamos.   hey, rainbow fish.  it's a school of rainbow fish.   uhoh, the rocks are starting to fall.  all: whoa.  those rocks are blocking our way.  ..  but i have to get home tomi mami.  hola, amigos.  hey, it's my cousin diego.  hola, primo.  hola,mermaid dora.  i'm sea monkey boots.  awesome.  encontraron a una sirena.  si,this is maribel.  we're taking her home to her mommy at mermaid cove.  i justnt to becon mi mami.  entiendo.  a little mermaid should be with her mommy.  ..  the path is blocked.  diego, we need something really big and strong to break through these rocks.  i just saw a pod of whales swimming by.  whales are big and strong.  we can call to a whale to help us push aside the rocks.  buena idea,diego.  help us call to a whale.  " again.  all: ahooah.  it's working.  even louder.  all: ahooah.  ahooah.  look, here comes the whale.  thanks for helping.  hola, ballena.  we need to get through the rocks so we can take maribel back to her mommy.  yo puedo ayudar.  let's go for a whale ride, and i'll push the rocks away with my tail.  todos a bordo.  let's help the whale push the rocks with his tail.  put your hands out to make a whale tail.  now wave your hands up and down.  wave, wave, wave.  is the path clear yet.  so let's do it again.  make a whale tail and wave your hands.  wave your hands.  wave, wave, wave.  is the path clear now.  fantastico.   all: whee.   we made it past the ocean rocks.  cool whale ride.  muchas gracias, ballena.  diego, thanks for helping.  good luck getting back home, maribel.  hasta luego.  where do we go next, dora.  garden, rocks, mermaid cove.  we went through the octopus' garden: check.  and past the ocean rocks: check.  ..  mermaid cove, right.  we need to find mermaid cove.  la caleta de las sirenas.  donde esta la caleta de las sirenas.  si, alli esta.  come on, let's bring maribel home to mermaid cove.  so i can sing withmi mami.  oh, we're almost home. we're almost home.  we made it to mermaid cove.  pero donde esta mi mami.  no la veo.  maribel doesn't see her mommy.  her mommy must be looking for her.  maribel, your mommy loves to hear you sing.  why don't you sing your mermaid song to call to her.  oh, i can try.   singing makes mermaids happy    there is a rhythm like a heartbeat when we're singing    that fills you up with joy    when you sing with a mermaid, the friendship lasts forever   look, the mermaids are coming out.  all: canta, canta, canta con tus amigos   sing, sing, sing making music wherever we go   canta, canta, canta with all your friends    sng, sing, sing and the song will never end   i still don't seemi mami.  let's all sing the mermaid song to help maribel.  " " sing"canta"with us.  both: canta, canta, canta  all: canta, canta, canta  again.  both: canta, canta, canta  all: canta, canta, canta  m'hijita.  mami, mami.  both: canta, canta, canta con tus amigos  all:  sing, sing, sing making music wherever we go   canta, canta, canta with all your friends   ..    both:  song will never end   all:  song will never end   canta, canta,sing,canta  look, it worked.  there's maribel's mommy.  good singing.  aww, look how happy she is to be with her mommy again.  mami, mami,these are my new friends, dora and boots.  hola, mucho gusto.  nice to meet you.  they had a map and helped me find my way back home.  it was a big girl mermaid adventure.  oh.  both: we did it.   we did it    we did it   we did it   both:  yeah,lo hicimos     i turned into a mermaid    and a monkey of the sea    we did it  all:  we did it    we did it  both: hooray.   so we could take maribel home to her mermaid mommy    we did it   we did it   all:  we did it    we wiggled, wiggled, wiggled to get the clams off my tail    and diego helped us through the rocks by calling a whale   both: yeah.    both:  we did it.   yeah,lo hicimos   we did it  all:  we did it   yeah.  we had such an amazing trip today.  what was your favorite part of the trip.  i liked that too.  my favorite part was doing the sea monkey dance.  wiggle, wiggle, wiggle.  my favorite part was singing with maribel so she could find her mommy.  we couldn't have done it without you.  thanks for helping.  gracias.  ...for the year.hi. sorry.  just want to say, i bundled home and autowith state farm, saved 760 bucks.  love this guy.so sorry.  okay, does it bother anybody else that the mime is talking.  frrreeeeaky.  savings worth talking about.  state farm.  ] fast to slow down for sensitive skin.  that's why the number one trusted brand for sensitive skin created all freshand sensitive.  it's free of dyes,gentle on skin and has a light fresh scent.  bringing scent and sensitivitytttogether.  you want to comfort them in any way you can.  if you're not exclusively breastfeeding try a groundbreaking formula for excessive crying and colic.  it's the only formula with l.reuteri, a probiotic clinically shown to reduce crying time by fifty percent.  and with the gerber comfort proteins advantage, it's easy to digest.  less crying means more smiles for your baby and you.  ask your doctor about gerber good start soothe.  this has been medifacts forgerber good start soothe.  dishes sometimes come out with spots.  well, those spots are actually leftover food or detergentresidue.  can we help prevent this.  yes, use finish jet dry.  it goes in your dishwasher'sdispenser to help eliminate spots and residues.  wow, what a difference. )