 yeah.   grab your backpack   vamonos,let's go    you can lead the way    lead the way    lead the way    dora, dora, dora the explorer    dora, dora, dora the explorer    swiper, no swiping    swiper, no swiping   oh, man.    hola, soy dora, and this little kitty is lucky.  meow, meow.  lucky's visiting today, and we're reading stories from his favorite nursery rhyme book.  do you want to hear a story.  great. meow.  meow, meow, meow, meow.   okay.  this is lucky's favorite story.  once upon a time, there were three little kittens who loved their mittens, because their mommy put bells on them.  every, every time they shook them, they jingle.  ring, ring, ring.  the kittens loved their mittens so much that they wanted to ring them and sing a special song for their mommy to thank her.  they practiced and practiced and finally came up with their special song.   we're three little kittens    and we love our mittens    mommy, thank you so much for our mittens that ring    meow, meow, meow    meow, meow, meow    meow, meow, meow, meow     meow, meow   meow, meow, meow, meow.  right, lucky.  the kittens were about to go into their home ..  a big wind came and blew their mittens away.   our mittens   they're missing    oh, no    we're three little kittens    and we lost our mittens    we can't sing our song without our mittens that ring    boohoohoo    boohoohoo    boohoohoohoo     boohoo    meow, meow.  aw,no llores,lucky.  we can help.  will you help us find the kittens' mittens so they can sing and ring for their mommy.  fantastico.  meow, meow.  we have to go into the book to find the mittens.  to go into the book, " can you say"entra al libro".  great.  " we're in nursery rhyme world.  meow, meow, meow.  hola, gatitos.  soy dora, and this is lucky.  we're here to help you find your mittens.    oh, that would be so very good    if you could only help us find our mittens    we'd be such happy singing kittens   no se preocupen. we'll find your mittens.  who do we ask for help when we don't know which way to go.  the map. right.  i need your help.  will you check the map to find where the kittens' mittens are.  "   say map, say map    i'm the map, i'm the map   all:  he's the map, he's the map     ooh, dora and lucky want to help the three little kittens find their mittens so they can sing and ring for their mommy.  well, i know where the mittens are.  the first kitten's mittens are at meow bridge.   the second kitten's mittens are in the bell garden.   and the third kitten's mittens are in the sleeping dragon's cave.   so remember: bridge, garden, dragon's cave.  say it with me.  bridge, garden, dragon's cave.  bridge, garden, dragon's cave.  bridge, garden, dragon's cave.  " where do we go first.  the bridge. right.  meow bridge.  is meow bridge on the left path or the right path.  the right path, yeah. come on.  let's help the kittens find their mittens.    so we can ring them    and sing for our mommy   meow, meow.   got to find the mittens    the wind blew them away   all:  when we found them    we will say hooray   little bo peep has lost some animals that leap.  is she missing her turtles or her sheep.  yeah, her sheep.  old mother hubbard wants a treat for her puppy that he can call his own.  did she lose her puppy's bone or his hat.  si. his bone.   got to find the mittens    the wind blew them away    when we find them     we will say   yippee. yay.  whoohoo. all: hooray.  hooray.  we made it to meow bridge.  uhoh. the bridge is up.  meow.   ahi estan los mitones.  they're up there on the bridge.  meow. meow.    now that my mittens are found     how do we get them down.   we've got to get the bridge down to get the mittens.  hola, it's me    the cat and the fiddle    i love to play and sing    in riddle   to get the bridge down, you'll need to meow the tune that i play for you.  we can do it.  fantastico.  start by meowing this tune.   meow, meow, meow, meow.  yeah, lucky, that'stwinkle, twinkle, little star.  will you meow it with us.  great.  meowtwinkle, twinkle, little starwith us.  all:  meow, meow, meow, meow    meow, meow, meow    meow, meow, meow, meow    meow, meow, meow   look. the mittens are coming down.   meow, meow, meow.  oh, you're good.  now listen to this one.   that sounds like row, row, row your boat.  meow it with us.  all:  meow, meow, meow, meow, meow    meow, meow, meow, meow, meow    meowmeowmeow, meowmeowmeow    meowmeowmeow, meowmeowmeow    meow, meow, meow, meow, meow   the bridge lowered even more.   and the mittens are getting closer.  whoa. excelente, amigos.  but this next tune's a real toughie.  listen closely.   that'sthe wheels on the bus.  we just need to lower the bridge a little more.  come on. meow with us.    meow, meow, meow, meow, meow    meow, meow, meow, meow    meow, meow, meow    meow, meow, meow    meow, meow, meow, meow, meow    meow, meow, meow, meow    meow, meow, meow, meow   yay.  we got the first kitten's mittens.  great meowing.   i got back my mittens    i really love my mittens    i got back my mittens with help from you   gracias.  meow, meowmeow.    we made it over meow bridge.  we need to find mittens for three kittens, and we found one kitten's mittens.   so how many more kittens need mittens.  right. two.  we need to find mittens for two more kittens.  meow.   you found my mittens    yippee wow     but, dora, where do we go now.    bridge, garden, dragon's cave.  we made it over meow bridge.  check.  ..  garden.  right. the bell garden.  is the bell gardena la izquierda o a la derecha.  a la izquierda. correcto.  come on.  let's help the kittens find their mittens.    so we can ring them and sing for our mommy   meow.   got to find the mittens    the wind blew them away     when we found them    we will say hooray   little jack horner opened the box and gave a great big sigh.  is he missing a pickle or a pie.  right. a pie.  jack and jill need something to carry water down the trail.  are they missing their pail or their shoes.  correcto. their pail.   got to find the mittens    the wind blew them away    when we found them     we will say   yippee. yay.  whoohoo. all: hooray.  hooray.  we made it to the bell garden.  meow, meow.  ay, no se.  i'm not sure which path to take either, lucky.     si, los escuche    yeah, yeah, sounds like my mittens   yeah, that sounds like the second little kitten's mittens.  we've got to follow the path with the bells ..   listen closely.     which number path should we take.  right. number two.  the mittens must be this way.  let's keep going.  look. more paths.  remember, the kitten's mittens sound like ..   so let's listen.     which number path should we take.  correcto. number three.  and look, there are the kitten's mittens.  meow, meow.  lucky's going to get your mittens, kitten.   oh, thank you, thank you, thank you   meow.  we found the second kitten's mittens.  great listening.     yay.  we made it through the bell garden.  we need to find mittens for three kittens, and we found two kittens' mittens.   so how many more kittens need mittens.  right. just one.  meow, meow.  we'll find the last pair of mittens.  lo prometo.  bridge, garden, dragon's cave.  we made it over meow bridge.  check.  we made it through the bell garden.  check.  ..  the dragon's cave.  correcto.  la cueva del dragon.  donde esta la cueva del dragon.  a la izquierda o la derecha.  izquierda o derecha.  a la derecha. muy bien.  ..   find my mitten     so we can ring them and sing for our mommy   meow, meow.  we made it to the dragon's cave.   meow. meow.  si. i hear the bells too.  the kitten's mittens must be inside the cave.   my mittens, my mittens    i've almost got my mittens   vamonos   hmm. the cave door isn't opening.  open, cave. open, cave.  que.  the cave door speaks spanish.  " " "  it's working.  again. abre cueva.  come on.   too dark   too dark    too dark    meow.  meow, meow.   it's okay, guys.  esta bien.  i might have something in my backpack that we can use to look inside the cave.  i need your help.  will you check my backpack for something that can shine light into the cave.  "  backpack, backpack   yeah.  hola, soy mochila.  dora needs something to shine light into the cave.  can a banana cake shine light into the cave.   no, that's silly.  can a rubber ducky shine light into the cave.  no, that's silly too.   can a flashlight shine light into the cave.  si. smart thinking.  yum, yum, yum, yum.  delicioso.  help us look for the kitten's mittens.  "   mittens   you found them.  excelente.  we got the mittens.  meowmeow. meowmeow.    what was that, lucky.    a dragon   a dragon   un dragon    yikes.   meow, meow.  yeah, lucky.  and he looks grumpy.  we're going to have to cheer up the dragon so we can get past him.  ..   hey, i think the dragon likes the sound of the mittens' bells.   meow, meow, meow, meow, meow.  yeah, lucky, the kittens are making the dragon smile.   don't stop, kittens.  rapido.  ring their mittens to cheer up the dragon.  put your hands up like this and shake your hands.  shake your hands.  shake, shake, shake.   it's working. he's smiling.  keep shaking.   again. shake, shake, shake.   it worked. it worked.  our shaking and ringing made the dragon happy.  meow.  but i've got to get these kittens home.  pasen, por favor.  ..   can you ring them again.  otra vez, por favor.    que bien.  i just love, love, love, love those mittens.  okay, kittens.  it's time to get you back home.  ooh.  would you like me to give you a dragon ride.  yay. all right.  a dragon ride.    we're gonna take a dragon ride   meow, meow.   whee.  yippee. yeah.  whoaho.  meow. yay.  whoa. wow.  oh,mis gatitos.  you're home.  meow, meow.  right, lucky.  it's time for the three little kittens to sing their special song for their mommy.   we're three little kittens    how we love our mittens    mommy, thank you so much for our mittens that ring    meow, meow, meow    meow, meow, meow    meow, meow, meow, meow     meow, meow    did you like our singing    and our ringing too    we sang and rang and rang and sang it    just for you    i loved your song, mis gatitos.  and i am so happy that you love your mittens.  and who are your friends.   this is doraylucky    and the dragon, he gave us a ride   hola. mucho gusto.  hola,and thank you for helping my kittens and bringing them back home.  de nada.  hooray.  we found all the kittens' mittens so they can ring them and sing for their mommy.  meow, eow.   and i think lucky's favorite part was when the three little kittens got back their mittens.  we couldn't have done it without you.  thanks for helping.  gracias. meow, meow.  @@@@@@@ @ @@@@@ see how homemade inspires usat beechnut.com.  @@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@ w  childhood goes by too fast to slow down for sensitive skin.  that's why the number one trusted brand for sensitive skin created all freshand sensitive.  it's free of dyes,gentle on skin and has a light fresh scent.  bringing scent and sensitivitytttogether.  if your baby cries excessively you want to comfort them in any way you can.  if you're not exclusively breastfeeding try a groundbreaking formula for excessive crying and colic.  it's the only formula with l.reuteri, a probiotic clinically shown to reduce crying time by fifty percent.  and with the gerber comfort proteins advantage, it's easy to digest.  less crying means more smiles for your baby and you.  ask your doctor about gerber good start soothe.  this has been medifacts forgerber good start soothe.  why do my glasses and dishes sometimes come out with spots.  well, those spots are actually leftover food or detergentresidue.  can we help prevent this.  yes, use finish jet dry.  it goes in your dishwasher'sdispenser to help eliminate spots and residues.  wow, what a difference. )