pentagon washington, d.c.well major, looks as though operation powder keg is ready for the final phase.yes sir.now we'll learn exactly what that new warhead'll do.range. we found the perfect place. no habitation, no people.announcement to the press and radio stations in the area.here you are skipper. here's the pole you wanted.thanks a lot gilligan.x marks the spot. this is were it will go up.oh.not that. the playroom.oh, yeah. hey it's a good idea skipper.big one. we might as well make the island nice.can we have a dance.are only three women and four men. it might cause trouble.no, that's ok now days skipper. they don't dance in couples, they just choose up sides.sawing the poles and i want to listen to the noonday news.oh epdo you know who has the radio.a, oh yeah the professor has it.thank you skipper starts to walk away again.wait a minute. wait a minute, no. mary ann has it.ah.no no wait. ginger, she has it.no no. the howell's, they have it.gilligan. do you know who has the radio.no.i thought not. saw.you sent for me sir.have you released the information on operation powder keg.yes sir. the press has been notified and all the radio stations in the south sea area.fantastic. everything within a radius of a hundred miles will be totally destroyed.hi folks. have you seen the radio.no i haven't seen it. maybe the girls have got it.a mirror. haha i more interested in good news than bad news hahaha.one two three four.and now ladies, the next exercise is a real tough one. deep knee bends. ready..i don't know.honey, in hollywood, the tighter the dress, the more the girl circulates.and what are you ladies doing down there.oh skipper.i was just having a little fun.no it certainly wasn't.from radio honolulu ginger picks up the radio.hey what's the matter with the radio.radio's gone dead.oh dear.the professor is inspecting the radio as the skipper and gilligan watch.can you tell what's wrong professor.well, nothing seems to be broken. i'd say it was the batteries.oh, well without the batteries it may as well be broken.i'm afraid you're right. there goes our only contact with civilization.operation powder keg. have you been in touch with vandenberg.installed, the missile ready by tomorrow. just needs your approval.permission granted.thank you sir.and i won't know what's going on in hollywood. who's getting married to who.everything else is in perfect working order.professor. professor. i've got an extra set of batteries for the radio.yeah he's got an extra set of batteries for the radio.that's great. great.i had 'em all the time.he had 'em all the time.forgot all about 'em.he forgot all about 'em.i feel like and absolute idiot about this.he feels like,he had 'em all the time.all set.can i turn it on.. can i turn it on skipper.. can i turn it on.. please..yes gilligan, just as soon as he gets it yes go ahead. turn it on.go ahead. turn it on gilligan.it's on. it's on.gilligan, what did you do..i didn't do anything. i just turned it on.ah it's not his fault skipper. these batteries are dead too.but i never used them..well batteries can lose power just sitting on a shelf.hey. wait a minute skipper we're in luck.yeah, bad luck.no, these batteries are rechargeable.professor, how can we recharge batteries here on the island..we don't even have a credit card.old dry cell batteries and produce electricity.seawater. well what are we waiting for..pennies leads to the positive pole of the battery.stir their coconuts, when i get the battery hooked up.all right. everybody stir.all right that should be enough. now lets see if we can get anything.oh it works. hoho.professor you did it. you did it.regularly scheduled news cast. we return you now to our studio.did he say a hundred forty degrees latitude.yes.and ten degrees longitude.what's the matter skipper.currents, well that's approximately our position here.shipping lanes. and as far as the authorities know, uninhabited.general bryan.hi mary ann.everything'll be nice and neat when it gets blown up.ooo, what have you got behind your back..for me..oh that's not true mary ann. you been very nice to me.you were right to say no that was my eighth piece.because the first seven gave me a stomachache.when.oh, that when.boy, what a way to go.gilligan.in here skipper.how 'bout that mary ann.oh no.haven't been very good to you little buddy.oh that's not true skipper..little buddy is, i want you to have one of my pies.give one to me. now i want you to eat every bite.skipper i like the way you treat me. i like the way you yell and shout at me.you know before it's too late a man, should look at the people around him.skipper is bit shocked but maintains his composure.thanks a lot gilligan.hi.oh hi.am i intruding.actress so what. i never really did anything for anyone.well you entertained people.oh that was just for the moment.several hours scanning the ocean and the professor's face lights up.what..what fool i've been. why this is great.skipper. skipper.this is great. absolutely great.what's great professor. take it easy.get busy don't you see. we're not in danger. this is our rescue.rescue..send out a search plane first to make sure the area is clear.searching party for fishing and pleasure craft.or hunters or natives.be rescued. i told you. i told ya i told ya. hahahaha.ya did. ya did skipper ya did. ya did.the plane. that should just about ensure our rescue.oh let's get at it professor. that's the kind of insurance i like.hurry up professor, that plane'll be over any minute now.good reflector. come on skipper give me a hand.oh boy, all right, sure.you now i haven't seen myself in so long i forgot what i looked like.lost a lot of weight.they start to rotate the mirror.let me get a better grip on it.ooop.instant fat.skipper, let's see how it works in the sun.oh. i feel like i'm in hollywood.skipper sure does work.with that strong sun, i don't see how the plane could possibly miss it.view is better from there and keep your eyes open.aye, aye sir.it's a plane. there's a plane.where.. where..there it is.it's the rescue plane. set up the mirror. set up the mirror.mr howell set up the mirror. that's it.oh boy this is what we've been waiting for.start flashing the signal. start flashing the signal.gilligan. gilligan are you all right.i'm all right.buddy. oh the plane professor. the plane.oh. everybody. quick.skipper get a piece of glass, signal the plane.there mary ann. single. signal.three, two, one, zero.  it's a perfect shot.should be along any second now.oh professor, how can you be so calm.i think i see it.it didn't detonate.and it didn't explode either.look. look.it's coming up the lagoon. it's coming right this way.don't make noise, don't even breath.even a vibration could blow us up. our only chance is to disarm it.how do we do that..there's only one of us small enough and thin enough to fit in there.who.come on gilligan, i've got the tools.maybe if we wait, they'll send a repairman.oh please gilligan, there may be a timing device.on it. that way i'll be able to figure out which wire you have to disconnect.yeah.professor, you got to get in there and give it one good hit.let me do this. your job will come later.yes sir.green and yellow wire. and that wire will disarm the missile.a green and yellow wire, yeah.now carefully.every moment counts.that's it.i found it.i found it.oh good.now, your gonna have to trace that wire until you come to a buss bar.a bus bar.the connector, and that will disarm the missile.oh.and gilligan.yeah.if the end of that wire, touches any other connector, you'll blow us all up.take it easy little buddy.oh yeah, here it is.gilligan.fire.gilligan's still in there..why it's coming back.they're watching as the missile and gilligan shoot away and into the lagoon.he didn't have chance to get out.disappear around the lagoon's inlet with a hopeless expression on their faces.skipper the gilligan.when i get back to hollywood, i'm gonna sell a story to the movies.gee it all sounds so wonderful i think i'll go back and drown myself.gilligan is seen walking on camera from the jungle carrying something behind his back.mr. howell.they were gonna be blown up. remember how nice they were to each other.would you mr. howell.i thought so.when i swam out of the missile. i'm just throwing it back in the water now. )