be heard as the skipper is looking through the bamboo telescope.there's the plane. ah ha. the plane.oh yeah let me see let me see.gilligan stands back up and start to fall backwards down side of the ridge.baaaaaack.it's good to see ya.girls why don't ya fix wrong way something to eat.mary ann alright.what about help.. are they going to send a boat out after us..alright alright wrong way but, what about the rescue.two months.wrong way are they going to send a boat after us.so we can be rescued.so we can get off the island.you mean to say that, nobody knows that you're here.but we want to go home.be reasonable wrong way you've got to go back and get help.but wrong way we're home sick we miss the states.bubut when we get back you can go live in yellow stone park.wrong way we want to go back. won't you think about it.oh but you don't want to eat pineapples and coconuts for the rest of your life.steak.that thick..that thick.wrong way.tell me about that steak again.yeah..well she was my room mate.i could've had that part if i was there.well i tried talking to him too. but he's determined to stay here.crying and mr. howell's threatening to jump off his steamer trunk.wait a minute. i could fly that plane, wrong way taught me how remember..say that's worth a try.or is it flaps, choke, throttle, stick contact.oh never mind gilligan you couldn't make it to the cockpit.if there was only some reason wrong way had to go back.was in the navy we had to send all the way back to port for a doctor.maybe you've got something there.i could pretend i was sick.you'll just mess it up. i'll take care of this. you find wrong way while i get set.oh. oh.there he is. something's wrong with him.right here wrong way.opepepoh..i think it's my appendix wrong way.he needs a doctor.we'll have to go back and get a doctor.you can take out an appendix..bubut i think i need a doctor.oh ii feel great. yayou won't have to operate after all.what are you doing gilligan..don't worry skipper you'll be alright just take it easy.you idiot there's nothing wrong with me.oh yeah i forgot. i've got to get you out of here.oh but how can you operate, you don't have any anesthetic.oh but wrong way you won't have to, see iii feel great. i.look i'm dancing..well i want to tell you i can run too. see..fine.. fine.make this look good gilligan, it might be our last chance.i'll do my best.remember the symptoms. you got to make him think that you got bola bola fever.yeah.dry mouth.yeah.stomach ache.yeah.dizziness.yeah.gilligan yeah.sore head.oh yeah. i hope i look bad enough.don't worry gilligan just be yourself.get going.yes sir.oh i feel terrible.we see that the five major symptoms are written on gilligan's fingers.ahhhhh stomach ache dizziness ringing ears and a sore head yeah that's it.gilligan. little buddy. you look awful what's the matter..gilligan stops in mid sentence as he realizes the skipper already know.you know.whawhawhat do you think wrong way.ooo ooo ooo yeah. ooo yeah.real bad real bad.fever..oh no. i think your wrong wrong way the skipper feels gilligan's forehead.hehe's hot.oh i'm burning up. i'm on fire i'm on fire.bola bola fever.he doesn't..what are some of the other ones..it's serious wrong way.well how do you know..we'll be right back.he's getting worse. he needs help.wrong way he needs a doctor.skipper, if i see wrong way, do i have to faint again.no you did it enough yesterday.good i hate to faint, it hurts when you hit the ground.gilligan good morning.oh good morning mary ann.he's probably asleep.well maybe he's down at the lagoon.hey.gilligan. everybody he's gone.who's gone..wrong way. he's gone to get help.oh it worked it worked.it's wrong way, i found this note at the clearing.never mind the memoirs, get to the important part.land. it's a far far better thing i do. be right back.hope he can find hawaii.you know the first thing i do when i get back is i'm going to have a thick juicy steak.me too.i can't wait to see my name up in lights.isn't your name ginger grant.yeah but if my names going to be in lights, i want as many lights as i can get.ohi think i'll have a nice ice cold beer too.i just want to sleep in a nice soft bed.a plane.i think i see wrong way's plane.lets go towards the clearing.hey wrong way. you made it back.awe you did it wrong way you did it.what is it.well what about a doctor isn't someone following you.you mean you didn't contact anyone..you mean nobody knows we're here..see anything professor.no not yet.we should keep looking. somebody might have followed him.here i'll take over for a while.boy i was sure wrong way was going to come back with a doctor.in our state of mind he should have brought back a psychiatrist.hey there's wrong way.wonderful.he's leaning up against a tree.well i guess he's got what he wants.peace and serenity.oooo what i wouldn't give for a little noise.me too. i miss all the shoving and shouting and pushing.night at the library. the hustle and the bustle at the reference desk.give wrong way a little hustle bustle. shake him up a bit.say what if we did give wrong way a little hustle bustle.he'd get so mad he'd leave the island.been complaining about. we'll make this island twice as bad as civilization.he'll sure be glad to get out of here.right..well everybody up, it's time to work.well certainly, didn't you know. we're trying to build a city.sure, just like back home.yeah we got to get civilized.just a minute wrong way not so fast.now you take this sledge and get over there and start driving those stakes in.everyone does his part.the foreman now start driving that stake in the ground.you better hurry up with the clay. the professor's waiting to bake the bricks.coffee break.hey don't stop. the clay is hardening.i'll get it for you. don't slow down, the clay'll harden.here you are.it's coffee.oh we make it from fish. i mean the instant's not as good as the regular buthere.skipper. he's ready.well come on don't stop pumping wrong way there's lots more clay where this came from.pump, that's it pump.ok wrong way, you work here for a while on the freeway.mr. howell is in charge see you later.well how else are we going to get down to the new music center..tired huh wrong way.islands. peace and quiet. no traffic noises to wake you up. no noisy neighbors.good night wrong way.good night wrong way.i said good night.skipper, do you mind if i read.no not at all.how about you wrong way.i don't want to hurt my eyes.let's see.what.here.where.i'm not sure gilligan.alright gilligan, turn off the light.no it's an apple, do you want one.oh hey you got any carrots over there.no, i got some celery.oh good.oh wrong way. you can sleep late tomorrow morning.sure tomorrow's saturday.what's the matter.where is he now.well he's probably down at the lagoon, i haven't let him wash in three days.he better break pretty soon or we will.well we got to keep this up, even at our own expense.yes it must be.come on.happy flight..well, there he goes.why shouldn't he. no reason to keep it a secret. we don't have a paradise anymore.well even if he doesn't tell anyone we'll still be rescued.we will.maps and notes, somebody's bound to find'em.off this island but, this time it's in the bag. even wrong way can't mess it up.imagine we're really going home.good luck wrong way..ext hut clearing day everyone is seated at the table except gilligan.anybody want anything to eat.well i'm afraid there's always the possibility he could have crashed.yes i thought about that but i was afraid to say anything.welli'm sure at least he tried.oh yes, we have to give him credit for trying.hey skipper. skipper skipper.what is it..a note, there's a note from wrong way..let me see that.enough i lost my bearings when i flew into the eye of a violent cloud.island and have finally found the paradise i was looking for.best wishes w. w. feldman well that's it. he left us high and dry.skipper. we got more trouble.whawhat..it says, return the empty. )