table for dinner. ginger is spooning onto a plate something out of a pot that's over an open fire.mr. howell. mrs. howell.tonight as winner of ginger is listening intently.oh they have to be kidding.include a round the world trip, plus ginger violently turns off the radio.oh. raven haired coed..hair up in curlers and my front tooth blacked out.ginger we know you could have won.ginger, the most beautiful castaway in the whole wide world.thank you skipper.here's to ginger.here's to mrs. howell.gentlemen, i'm afraid that i must inject another opinion here.would pick as the most beautiful in the world, mary ann.here's to mary ann.of opinion here. but i don't see any reason for argument.and last but not least, mary ann is the sweetest.yeah, lets say that.ann was the most beautiful in the world, that is exactly what i meant.contest here on the island. and we could pick aa missmiss castaway.oooo. a beauty contest here.. oh that just suites me fine.ok.all i said was, we should have a beauty contest.well, how do i look.ginger believe me, you look like the venus demilo with arms.final scene from my last movie, it's very dramatic.oh good. lets hear it.i surrender to our passions my love.hi skipper. i finished the runways.willingly. gladly.you needed anything at all. so ginger grabs gilligan tightly as she says her lines.i want to go where you go.right now..lift me to the heavens my love. sweep me off my feet. oh please take me with you.well i'll try. where do you want me to carry you to.gilligan..gilligan are you insane.let me alone..she said to sweep her off and take her up into the heavens.gilligan can't you see we're trying to work. what is it you want..all right you want something else to do is that it.here gilligan. go get us some lobsters for lunch. now get out.ya don't have to yell.yes i do yewill you go.now ginger, right where we left off.i surrender to our passions my love...attributes and my scientific approach will prove unbeatable.hibiscus for ruby lips, and coconut oil for a baby soft skin.leave it to me.oh that's to provide you with a form of isometric exercise.yes.for the inner play of muscle against muscle.to improve the general physique.suit. you get in that lagoon and you swim just as hard as you possibly can.yes this will provide for the inner play of muscle against muscle.and you swim just as hard as you possibly can.oh professor you hooked a big one.oh. oh. gilligan i'm busy.i'll help ya. come on professor.gilligan..don't let him get away.oh. oh. gilligan i'm busy.i'll help ya. come on professor.gilligan..don't let him get away.gilligan.don't let him get away professor.please.huh, must have been a girl fish.good heavens.you go get her.ok ginger, lets try that acting scene again.you know skipper i was just thinking.why not.gonna vote for mary ann, and that leaves gilligan to elect miss castaway.why i know, but he has to vote for you.well thank you very much, but sometimes the obvious one doesn't win.of tender hearted. he might vote for the underdog. that is i mean, girl.that's right so a, we're gonna have to do something to convince him.yes, we do need gilligan.just think tall.thinking. do you or do you not want to be miss castaway.this morning on our uncommitted delegate.well just the same, we've got to remedy that. we need gilligan.where gladys the ape is perched. gladys picks off gilligan's hat as he passes underneath.gladys. gladys, give me back my hat.gladys my hat. please.gladys give me my hat...huh.look, don't tell me your troubles, i've got enough of my own.what am i gonna do gladys.tell'em to stop walking over me.yeah. and be firm.oh here he comes skipper.time. we saved the biggest lobster for you.oh no you don't. i'm not taking any more of that.oh gilligan it's very delicious. i cooked it especially for you.thanks ginger, i guess it pays to fight back.nothings too good for my little buddy.oooo yeah. everybody loves a fighter.gilligan you don't want that.huh. yes i do.no you don't.he does too.no he does not.taste it. i picked the herbs and the fruits my self.it's good.oh no you don't.mine is much better gilligan, really.what a nice boy like you, needs to grow big and strong.ooooo i can hardly wait.come back here gilligan.eat that lobster and that's an order.because we want you to be happy.well, so do we.well if everybody's so happy, how come you're mad at each other..with that. we know what ever your decision'll be, it'll be unbiased.my decision about what..well about who wins the beauty contest of course.deciding vote. me.. look i don't want to be judge.for ginger.for mary ann.look, i'm not going to vote for anybody right now. ginger, mary ann or mrs.all right then, my dear, we will make our meals elsewhere.i was, just kind of, joking. don't get mad at me.the skipper takes his food away also, and he and ginger walk off camera.what i think gladys. about as friendly as world war two.gilligan.skipper. the skipper. you remember the skipper don't ya.. huh.yeah that's him.gilligan.gilligan where are you. there you are.hi skipper i'd like to have you meet gladys. gladys this is the skipper.gladys how are youoh i know gladys.alone. oh, ok skipper. gladys you got to go now. i'll see ya later ok.ohpp.what'd you want to talk about skipper.every light on broadway and we have one right here on this island.a light on broadway..no gilligan a broken heart.stay off broadway.for the way cruel fates have treated her.i guess you're right skipper. ginger deserves to win.that's right little buddy.gilligan.down here.chance to talk to you. to appeal to your reason. youryour intellect.ok professor, appeal.her unfulfilled desires. do you know who i'm talking about.i don't even know what you're talking about.all right follow me gilligan.of her life she can talk about her fabulous career.fabulous husband. and then, there is mary ann.does she have that could be considered really and truly fabulous.her butterfly collection.oh try to understand gilligan.the other two couldn't possibly. and you can do this for her gilligan.you must do this for her.i guess you're right professor. mary ann deserves to win.ahhhhhh, what a lovely fellow.idiot would get himself in a spot like this.what.. i don't know, there must be an answer to the problem somewhere.well, i don't know. i wish somebody'd tell me what to do.thanks.ahhhh.oh, it's you mr. howell.mr. howell you're trying to bribe a judge.and you're not trying to influence me.ok, what about.oh, what's her problem.tuesday weld..i choose mom. i choose mom.yes sir. and i vote for mrs. howell.three.hand there's mary ann. looks like i'm gonna need another hand for mrs. howell.welcome ladies and gentlemen, to the first annual, miss castaway contest.the lovely contestants are, number one, the professor starts the music.that's lovely dear.number two. ginger.that a girl ginger, come on..oh boy. boy you look wonderful ginger.and a, last but not least.mrs. thurston howell the third.thank you.five points, for charm, poise and sincerity.the first contestant, miss mary ann.way, what it is, that you want most, he's patiently waiting for mary ann to start.out of life.sincere, unselfish, and unrehearsed speech. thank you dear.please be seated.  and now, for contestant number two.ginger. come on..will you wait please until i introduce her..i already know ginger. come on ginger.all right then. miss ginger.you wonderful people, for allowing me to be in this wonderful contest.anand itjusjust makes a girl feel wonderful.wonderful.is a marvelous experience, and it makes a girl feel marvelous.marvelous. marvelous.professor thank you very much ginger.to be in this terrific contest the professor walks in frame.ginger your time the professor starts pushing ginger off stage.is up.professor thank you very much.terrific. terrific.and now, for our third contestant, mrs.break, for a costume change, before we commence with the talent competition.good show.and now, to open the talent competition, mary ann will perform a soft shoe dance.yea.what's the matter professor. you having trouble with the phonograph..ah, just a moment.here i'll help ya.almost stepped in the glue.all right take your seats please.dear, what is the matter..whawhat what is that..something wrong mary ann.mary ann glue i guess.glue..for goodness sakes take your foot out of your shoe.that's it.mr. howell. you put glue on that stage.mr. howell two can play at that game.mrs. thurston howell the third will now recite a dramatic poem.mr. howell no coaching from the audience.thank you very much, mrs. howell.why i haven't the slightest idea what you're talking about.competition. hah. well i guess we know who's girl is gonna win now.i'll see about that.why don't you two just sit down.and now for the final contestant n the talent competition, miss ginger.let me, entertain you.let me he's looking a bit embarrassed.then some new tricks. i'm very versatile. ooooo.oooo.ooo. ooo.ooo. oooo. ooo. oooo. ooo.ok i'm ready.all right little buddy get up on the stage and announce it little shipmate.you ladies my be seated.ladies are very beautiful, and each one deserves to win.never mind that now gilligan. who won.candidate number three, my deciding vote goes to, candidate number, four.what are you talking about gilligan..i had my own candidate.you had your own contest..what.. you had what..here i'll show you.  miss castaway..well that's just it mrs. howell. we're all americans except her.to be a native, and she's the only one born on the island.well he's got a point there.and besides, if i picked one of the ladies i'd get in trouble.well he's got a point there too.and if i pick gladys i can't get into any trouble.i don't think so.. wooooe.and into the clearing.  they make their way over to gilligan.gilligan little buddy. how 'bout telling us who really won the contest.i already told you, gladys.no one no one.well with all those notes you been making, someone must have been ahead.let me see.they're mine. i don't want you to see.tic tac toe..i didn't want ya to see i lost every game. )