we see a weather beaten pleasure boat aground on the beach.hey gilligan.  gilligan.oh my gosh. man overboard.i'll save you skipper..gilligan, the minnow's been beached.was calm you said we'd be home in no time.it may take longer.to get off at the marina, what are gonna tell'em.i'll think of something.how are we gonna get home..look at those holes.no skipper, i'm very happy to be here.this island tastes terrible.skipper. hey skipper. i finished it. i finished it.gilligan. i'm real proud of my little buddy.wait a minute. do you call that finished..not the raft, the sign.it's a beauty isn't it..yes gilligan, but we can't sail a sign.aye, aye, sir.skipper.skipper you and gilligan have got to give up this crazy scheme.trying to reach civilization in order to bring back help.scientifically impossible, you haven't got a chance.we haven't.absolutely not.gilligan.possible survive the wind the waves the coral reefs, not to mention the sharks.gilligan.the entire adventure is suicidal.get back here.skipper, maybe the professor's right.start tying.reminds me of a trip i once took to catalina on a movie producers yacht.hi girls. how you coming along with the sail.great.hey those look like my socks in there.they are.oh.ok, i'll take it down to the raft.wait.huh.don't you want to read the sail..read the sail.sos.oh yeah i read it upside down.on the other side we wanted to write please hurry, but we ran out of socks.before you put that shellac on, make sure that mast is secure.oh the mast is strong enough to hold the sail.run into a storm out there. oh never mind i'll check it myself.the skipper turns around and see gilligan eating the shellac.goodjob.oh the professor made the shellac out of coconut sap and sugar. you want some.no. now finish up that job.and stop eating that shellac.watch the rope skipper.thanks a lot gilligan.skipper.what.this'd be great frozen. a shellaccicle.where is the putty the professor made.made it out of crushed mangos and berry seeds mmmmmmp.gilligan, can i make you understand this.skipper..what is it professor.skipper look at these i found in one of the caves.uh oh.no, but if they taste as good as the putty i'll have them for desert.looks like a native arrow head to me.very much like the work of the savage marubi tribe.island, there are no natives on it. now what is it your driving at.first the marubi still exist as a tribe.fourth, maybe we shouldn't go.gilligan it is our duty. when this raft is ready, we are going to shove off.aye, aye, sir.professor. those savage marubies, what do they do.they're collectors gilligan.oh that doesn't sound too bad. what do they collect.heads.heads.i'll get to 'em just as soon as i can mr.busy when we land just arranging a rescue party.about the stock market and parties. we've got a lot of things to do first.yes sir.never mind gilligan. just keep loading the supplies on board.out there on the ocean. you may be bitten by a shark.well besides, we haven't got room enough for your luggage.well folks, looks like gilligan and i are ready to shove off.aloha nui oi. that's hawaiian for, till we meet again.i learned a little hawaiian. when i was singing in a club in waikiki.gee that's real nice ginger. what does it mean.this bar is off limits to all military personnel.we're ready to shove off. hoist the anchor, let go of the stern line.aloha. good bye. bon voyage....goodbye folks.aloha. good bye. bon voyage.goodbye. bye. bye.gilligan. gilligan. did you pull in the anchor..that would make us go a lot faster.well go get it.well, bye.call my agent.be careful.goodbye.bye.bye.goodbye gilligan.bye.gilligan.  gilligan.take care.i'm flipping my lid i tell ya. everywhere i look, it's water water water..you stop that gilligan, that's an order.the sun and the wind and the spray and the salt.what are you talking about.. we've only been gone twenty minutes.gee is that all.now sit down there and start paddling.they've had calm seas for the past three days.no sign of land, sign of ships, no wind, nothing.hey skipper. let's have breakfast.we had breakfast.let's have lunch.we had lunch.let's have dinner.by the way, where are those tropical lei's the girls made for us.i had a snack.gilligan will you stop talking about food.i wish i had something to drink. like a hamburger, or french fries.hey, i wished for something to drink and there's a bottle. maybe it's soda.maybe it's a bottle of beer.yeah.there's something in it.hey it's a note.what is it.help, we are marooned on a desert island.let me see that.oh yeah, i don't know how to spell marooned.errrrgive me that bottle.we got company.i sure hope they had three meals today.where's that shark repellent. didn't the professor say he was going to make some.yeah, it was delicious.oh gilligan get over there and start paddling.keep paddling.skipper look.don't just stand there, keep paddling.skipper..thought we'd never get away from those sharks.thank goodness bamboo is filling.get where we're going. we got a good current behind us.yep skipper. from here on it looks like smooth sailing.skipper, do you think we should abandon ship..it's too late. it's already abandoned us.you all right gilligan.oh i'm fine skipper.what's that.i saved the raft.good work gilligan.i wonder where we are.hundreds of miles.  first thing we gotta do is build a fire.oh yeah. right skipper. i've got some matches right here.all right gilligan, i'm all set here.aye, aye, skipper oooo ooooo. take it.put it on the fire.what did you do that for..it was hot.of course it was hot.this is certainly better than that open beach out there.yeah.well don't just stand there, bring some wood for the fire.trouble. there's a chance the marubi may have returned to this island.the first thing we ought to do is hide our heads.these conch shells and meet me at the clearing.at the clearing. i'm going to warn the howell's about this.gilligan look.hey that's pretty good skipper. how did you make the other foot prints..those aren't mine.well they sure aren't mine, i don't have that many feet.there are other people on this island.oh great lets go find 'em.wait.huh.remember what the professor said about the marubi headhunters.yeah.suppose they live on this island.yeah.mr. howell..but mr. howell.i know but i got important news.mr. howell, i believe the marubi may be here.i think it's advisable we prepare a defense.yes but how.mr. howell i don't even know if they have a bridge.oh good.warning system. and if you run into danger just blow into them like this.what's that..now lets all try it just to make sure.must be the wail of the marubis.oh no.oh yes. we better camouflage ourselves.oh stop that gilligan, this is no laughing matter.now this is the cave where i found the marubi arrowhead. might be safe in there.my, looks dark in here.the professor looks at the outside of the cave and ponders.i think i can, rig a pretty interesting trap for our marubi friends.hold still gilligan.i sure hope this island doesn't have any termites.at least we'll be safe like this so we can scout around and see what's what.yeah.skipper i think you made my roots too long.never mind. just take short steps like this.how do i look.like a fat bush.when i want your opinion, i'll ask for it.you just asked for it.oh shut up.shhhhhh.remember now, if there's any danger just stand still and you're a tree.gilligan come back here.here's some more.the tree stump, up here, over to here, and is attached to these two small rocks.rocks and the whole thing comes tumbling down on them.that's a wonderful trap professor.be careful now. it's all set to go.gilligan.over here skipper.watch the rock skipper.thanks a lot gilligan.are you alright..i got to rest a second. will you stop going so fast..ok skipper.from now on we'll stick close together.skipper.what.i've been attacked.attacked..yeah.by a woodpecker.shooo.  shooo.hey.are you going to keep peckin my head.wait.what.that tree over there moved.the tree ran away.and there goes a fat bush.it is the marubi. they often disguise themselves. we better warn the others.skipper. there gonna attack any minute.now is no time to panic gilligan.it's as good a time as any.will you watch where your going.what did you stop for skipper.cave.  well what are you waiting for.the skipper always leads his crew.gilligan get in the cave.wait, wait, i got a great idea.  why don't we fix a trap with these rocks.into these rocks so that all these rocks fall down.see that their trap isn't sprung, they'll go away.watch the vine.what are you stopping for.skipper never mind i'll go ahead.ooooomf.there's a low rock there.thanks a lot gilligan.  cut that out.yes sir.quit it..aye, aye.oooomf.another one.hurry.here we go.now be careful of this vine. it's the trap i told you about. careful.hey don't go in there mister, there's marubi in there.gilligan.professor, what are you doing on this island..well we've always been on this island.oh, than that must be us in there. i better go tell'em.be careful of that vine. it's a trap.i know.they threw me out.i'll tell'em you stay here.be careful of the vine it's a trap.i know.all clear gilligan.oh boy it's good to be home again.professor is starting to emerge from the opening as the skipper helps him.let me give you a hand.i, warned him about that vine.watch yourself now mary ann.careful, careful.watch your ankles.are you hurt.careful ginger.no, i'm all right.but look at my dress.oh that gilligan. careful mrs. howell.are you well.careful.watch yourself now.professor careful with him.watch your stepthat's it.i'm gonna count to three, if you don't come out, i'm gonna come in and getcha.out of the cave and stands in the clearing waving his arms menacingly.skipper gone. gilligan one smart marubi. )