eerie ghostly wail, which wakes up gilligan. the skipper is unaffected and is seen yawning.skipper. is that you.no, it wasn't you skipper.skipper, skipper wake up wake up.what's the matter.. what is it little buddy..i just saw a ghost, out there.wake me up out of a sound sleep to tell me about your nightmare..no no no. i saw a real live ghost, out there.gilligan, people are alive, ghost are dead.then i saw a real dead ghost, and he ran that way.well if he was dead, how come he was running that way..but skipper. but skipper. he's right out there skipper.sleep. good night.  you're dreaming.oh. yeah maybe i was dreaming. i just dreamt i saw a ghost.there's no such thing as a...passes out from fear and collapses on the huts floor as we...come on gilligan, we both have things to do.please skipper, don't make me come out.ghosts. now come on outside, we both got important things to do.skip...skipper can't we both do them without me.no gilligan. just come out side and i'll prove that there was no ghost.well, i'll prove there was.would you mind telling me what you're doing..looking for the ghost's footprints.telling you there's no such things as ghosts.but skipper.be. and another thing, tha...tha...they don't leave foot prints.oh. maybe he left some fingerprints.you're gonna have everybody around here scared to death.but skipper what i saw last night was a ghost.how can you be so sure..i've seen a lot of ghost movies, i never forget a face.water for the hut. why don't you go out and get some firewood.what if i meet the ghost.wood. and don't go around telling all those stories......now gilligan. you'll have everybody as jumpy as you are.i'm not jumpy. hmmm.oh i'm sorry mary ann.what, what was.so it was there too.huh. oh, maybe it was a traveling doortodoor salesman.no, what i meant was maybe there was air in your hot water tank.ah...what i meant was, air in your pipes.maybe you ought to have a talk with your landlord.yeah.don't say it.ahh. ghooo..ah mary ann did you see the magazine i was reading last night.i thought so too.maybe it's under the table.couldn't be.why not.the tables gone too.that's why not all right.i don't know anything about anything.anything about anything is perfectly normal.oh hi mr. and mrs. howell.mr. howell don't say that, i want to stay here in this world.yes mr. howell.me. what kind of jokes....a tree like that.i didn't do that mr. howell.it might have.if it was a horse fly.mr. howell i didn't do any dance in your......patio last night.i don't know, but it wasn't meem.what time did you say this was professor.shortly after eleven.gilligan or me cause we were both sound asleep.both of you.well...yes.well then a...if you were asleep, how could you know that gilligan was.well because he told me when he woke up.well if gilligan was asleep, how could he know that you were.well because i...uh...well, yes.oh.  i should be able to figure out a logical answer.a...what, sort of a sound was it.well, as i recall, it was a...a mournful sort of a cry. lets see, it was a...oooooooo oooooooo...the ghost.the ghost, the ghost it's after me it's after me.gilligan it's only me.gilligan for goodness sake.ooooooooo. oooooooooo. ooooooooo.gilligan. i am trying to get some sleep.i can't go to bed, i'm not sleepy.book. you know reading always puts you to sleep.ok.now what..i can't read i, lost my glasses.you don't wear glasses.then how do you expect me to read.oh gilligan.skipper, come on, lets go play some checkers.i don't want to play checkers. i want to go to sleep.let's play some cards. i'll let you win.gilligan, i always win.i'll let you lose.will you put that light out..no sir skipper, when you're living on a haunted island anything can happen.all right. all right, all right.i'll get the cards.going to settle this ghost business right here and now.but skipper...no arguments.want you to come back in until you've counted to ten.but it's dark out there.go out and count to ten.can i count to ten by fives..no gilligan.fours.no. by ones. one, two, three, four, five,......six, seven eight nine ten.i can count faster than that.gilligan, outside.ten.outside.helloooo gilligan.hi skipper.cured. you walked right into the front of a ghost and you weren't even scared.i knew you weren't a ghost. a ghost doesn't wear a sheet stamped ss minnow.right now. anybody in their right mind knows......that there's no such thing as a...ga...eg......ah...skipper. what happened. skipper.where'd you go.it's haunted.well but i...we only have two hammocks.just a minute mr. howell.good night everybody.i just know there's got to be a logical answer.yeah but does the ghost know..quiet gilligan. go on professor.ghost. but could it have been say a, a patch of fog.didn't look like fog to me.all right, what about a cloud. or a white sheet.well i think it's possible professor.girls, have either of you notice a sheet missing.it was gone from the clothesline a few days ago.ghost showed up. perhaps that sheet blew off the line.seen just a plain old sheet. right gilligan..right skipper. a sheet with arms and legs and a voice that goes oooooooooooooo.stop that.it's gotta be a sheet.it's a sheet it has to be a sheet.therefore, find the sheet and i think you'll have your ghost.i'll go with you.no gilligan, i think we can cover more ground separately.won't be covering ground, the ground will be covering me.yes, or i'll be covering you.did i hear somebody. i thought i heard somebody.you, no, hear, no, body.well that's good.you, only, hear, ghost.ghost..me. i, am, ghost.are you a, good, good ghost, or, bad bad ghost.goooood ghost.oh. then how come you scare people.because people scare me. that is why you must all get off, ghost's island.it was your island but, we have no way to get off.you find way. you must all leave. and soon. ooooooooooo...skipper. skipper. i found the ghost. i found the...skipper. skipper skipper.skipper.gilligan little buddy i've got great news.later skipper, we got to get off the island. if we only had a boat.skipper. oh we found a boat..yeah i know.it, it is for you. signed your friend, the ghost.gilligan we've got everything we need.everything to help us sail home.yeah after all this time on the island it'll feel good to be on dry land again.yes.yeah but it's surrounded by wet.oh never mind. now lets get up to the others and tell'em about the boat.well maybe he didn't.he what..maybe it's a ghost ship. maybe it's not really here.well of course it's really here. can't you see it..yeah, but maybe we only think we can see it.it feels like a boat.tell the howells and the professor. you go up and tell mary ann and ginger.ok skipper.oh and tell'em that the boats gonna be crowded so we only carry what we need.only carry what we need.that's right, tell the girls no souvenirs.no souvenirs.tell'em to come down here with their bare essentials.bare essentials yeah.they're what..them about the boat.. tell them to come down here with their bare essentials..ok, but i sure hope they don't catch cold.whenever you're ready we can leave.gilligan you're sure that you and skipper saw the a...boat didn't you.uh...huh we both touched it to make sure it was real.oh wait a minute. aren't you scared to go on a boat that's been left by a ghost..oh gilligan if a witch came on this island i'd fight her for the broom.tell everybody else including you, to bring your um...bare essentials.i'd be happy to.oh, ok i'll keep my eyes closed.so, as soon as possible we'll set sail.stay behind.now look, it's a small boat so don't take anything accept what you absolutely need.i told you only the essentials.oh mr. howell...no.for the last time, no no no.those trunks that we actually need for survival.one more word and i leave you.what's taking everybody so long.maybe nobody wants to leave.well of course everybody's anxious to leave gilligan.i'm not.well certainly. everybody wants to get back to civilization.i had fun here.but, gilligan there'll be people on the streets.and pushing and shoving.and restaurants.waiting for a table.and you'll get paid for a days work.who cares about money..oh please mr. howell. i said no luggage.mrs. howell, you sure got fat fast.here and leopard down to there and chinchilla down to there.oh there you are girls.well yes but i...well i wished you'd share just one.oh honestly skipper we just took what we needed.lipstick, rouge, eye shadow, mascara...skipper, they forgot the bare essentials, if you'll excuse me girls.sorry, but we are not going anywhere.i said exactly what i meant. we are not going.but professor you must be kidding.oh we got the boat and everything.unfortunately, i am very suspicious.what do we care, we don't go anywhere near denmark.they discover we can't leave, they provide us with a boat. why..i know, so we can leave. lets go everybody.no it's not a traup it's a boat. we touched it and felt it.wants us off the island, maybe he wants us dead.that is a strong possibility.to be on the safe side, i propose we send the boat out first with a dummy aboard.oh no. oh no. i'm not going out there alone.gilligan stop that.but what if it's safe..well in that case, we retrieve the boat and sail for home.oh no. i said i...gilligan..we will use seven dummies, one resembling each of us.gilligan i can't seem to find a coconut that's big enough for my cap.you should a gone to the other side of the island and got a jumbo size one.i don't think that's very funny.all i meant was, you're a big guy, and, you got a big head...gilligan....and a big heart.thank you. well, never mind gilligan.eh...what is it you're doing.making you.that's supposed to be me..only the bottom half.come on gilligan i'm not this big.well skipper you said to make it life like remember.but i'm not that big gilligan.sure you are.i am not.sure you are.i am not gilligan.sure you are.gilligan for goodness sakes i'm not that big.yes you are skipper.i am not gilligan..yes you are skipper.i am not.well girls, how do they look.oh, we never could have done them ourselves professor.little something about the construction of manikins.definitely, brighter colors are much better at night.girls that's not important.well you know, and i'd look much better in my a, beaded beige.but these are the clothes you picked out.we wouldn't be caught dead in these things.well that's just exactly what might happen.well professor, even if we're dummies we have to look right.all right, all right.the professor realizes the problem and covers his eyes.oh. good heavens forgive me.aloha oi, aloha oi...oh gilligan. that is not necessary. now come on lets go find the others.there it goes.yeah.if anything gonna happen, it should happen soon.yeah.shhhh. he should be along any minute.yeah.gilligan, can't you ever say no.yeah.yeah....no.calling w 9. you there.i am here, go ahead.we can now claim island.squatters are dead.very dead.you were right professor.who ever did this thinks we are now dead, right. all right then......we'll be dead.oh no not again, we just got finished being blown all to pieces.we are going to fight that ghost on his own ground.the cemetery.. oh no not me.seven sheets. all right everybody lets go.other powers must now deal with us for off shore oil rights. you come.i will get the boat started at once.now you all know what to do.move out.yah. the ghosts got me.gilligan it's me, the professor.oh.come on, get a move on.oooooooo  oooooooo...all right, i wait until tomorrow.by then, engine will be fixed and i come after you. you have place to sleep.i sleep in huts. corps cold, but beds still warm. ha..ha..ha..ha.wait.i hear something.what you hear.a feet step.a feet step.others all dead. must be new intruder on island. i scare him away too.i don't see anything do you.no. you know why you don't.no why.cause you got a sheet over your head.there goes one of us.gilligan it's the...it's the gh...gh...gh...ghost....ghost. yeah.ghost.w 9. listen quick.i listen.this island......she's crazy.pic...pick me up hurry.ep...everybody. there he is.oh, never mind. i pick you up..get him.get him quick.his hammock when gilligan enters carrying a load of wet clothes in a small basket.hi skipper. guess what i found down at the lagoon.what gilligan.some of our clothes from the dummies.table, i'll have mary ann rinse the salt water out of 'em after i finish this.ok.oh boy, am i gonna sleep tonight now that our friend the ghost is gone.me too. things were getting pretty spooky around here.yeah.skipper.yes.skipper.. your shirt. it's haunted. the ghost haunted your shirt.ha...ha...ha...ha, gilligan little buddy, you're too much. )