has a tablecloth over his front and ginger is cutting his hair.please, ginger, not too much off the top.but i believe you're part indian...you're trying to scalp me.well i don't mind a crew cut, but you're trying to remove the entire crew.all finished.got time for me, sam.tomorrow morning at eleven.thanks.oh, that's the name of his barber back home.gilligan, don't put that there, somebody will trip over it.sorry, baldy.baldy..oh, very funny.you were right. somebody tripped over it.i'll get it for you, skipper.here, anything else you want me to do.yes gilligan. er..., go out and get some more firewood.okay.ah, that's just what i was looking for.cough.well your heart seems sound enough.any luck, professor.well, at least we know it isn't his heart or his lungs.i think it's his haircut.don't pay any attention to him, professor.skipper thanks a lot gilligan, but no thanks.skipper, your blood pressure is very high.gilligan, perhaps you'd better leave.no i want to stay and watch.ahthe sight of blood won't ahdisturb you will it.are you kidding, do you think i am chicken.give me your arm.skipper. skipper. i got the results of the tests.and.i'm afraid it's worse than i thought.oh, tell me the worst.the lack of citrus fruits in our diet has caused a severe vitamin deficiency.mr howell you mean the fattest.i know what he means howell.vitamin deficiency will attack each of us.yes, even a howell. it will attack each of us in turn according to his size.yes, myself, and then gilligan.whawhawhat about the girls. will it affect them.finally mary ann. but don't panic gentleman, we're not dead yet.gilligan, i've made a decision.about what.skipper. i should be setting an example for the others.what are you going to do.i'm going to do. gilligan, i'm going to put up a front. i'm going to be cheerful.real proud of me and that's an orange.dessert, but i changed my mind. the less i weigh, the longer i live.gilligan, do you realize that you have my life in the palm of your hand. my life.no, i don't, i have an orange.gilligan, where did you get it. where.in the jungle.in the jungle.everybody...oranges in the jungle...it's not too far.well show me gilligan.well this is the last one.the last one. oh, no.oranges. oranges. um...i didn't hear anyone say anything about oranges.so did i.but this is the last one.i've decided to give everyone a slice.gilligan. king solomon couldn't have done better.it's the only fair thing you could do, little buddy.i think someone aught to say something.while it is a noble gesture gilligan.well i think we aught to vote it to the person who needs it the most...me.skipper i wanted to share the orange.upbut i'm your buddy.there's a logical answer to every problem.bubut i'm the one who's sick right now.but it's ladies first, skipper.can i say something.insert: close up shrivling orange on table the orange.wawell i'm a veteran.well, i'm a movie star.can i say something now.what is it, gilligan.i know how to stop all the arguing.and would you mind telling us how.look.the precipice to destruction. our greed has pushed us to the brink of disaster.and not only that, but the sun shrunk up the orange.gilligan, he just said that.not as plain as me.skipper cut that out gilligan.oh i can't believe it. do i look like i have a vitamin deficiency..ginger, you don't look like you have a deficiency of anything.thank you professor.but you do. we all do.oh, mr. howell, we're in real trouble with this orange dried up like that.i might as well give it a decent burial.gilligan. that's it. a burial.i'm not even sick yet.oh, not you. the seeds. we'll plant the seeds and grow our own orange trees.why didn't we think of that before..not everything.from apple seeds and watermelons grow from watermelon seeds.yeah but birds don't grow from bird seeds.c'mon, everyone's planting their seeds.oh let's face it, mary ann, i don't know what to do with this.people in california, who grow them to send to people in florida.naturalis, a fertilizer containing sodium chloride, nitrated potassium and calcium.gilligan, what are you doing.skipper i got to make sure i plant the seed in the right place.nope. still in the shade.gilligan, that's not shade, that's your shadow.hey, you're right.now here plant that.well.well what.well, when's the orange tree gonna grow.i'll take over for you now, professor.remember. now those tikitorches must be kept lit.right.those seeds must be kept warm.yes sir.gilligan are you trying to tell me something.gilligan, if those seeds die, we die.that's what i was afraid you were trying to tell me...you stay awake.yeah.two o'clock and all's well.two o'clock and one minute and all's well.two fiftyeight o'clock, and all's well.does he have to do that.three o'clock, according to the kook.those tiki torches must be kept lit.those orange seeds must be kept warm.keep warm...gilligan if those seeds die, we die.die...die...now you stay awake...if those seeds die, we die.cupboard is bare and the wolf is at the door.wolf. where. where.at the door. where is your courage, my son.has made me sleepy tired discouraged and cowardly.well there is only one cure for your ailment, my son...oranges.if we only had some. mother, what are you doing with your jewel box.dozen oranges. and don't talk to strangers.her jewels. you can trust your trustworthy son.i bet.chest of rubies, diamonds and emeralds for oranges.rubies, diamonds and emeralds.by george, you're right, gotta get dark glasses.my mother said i can't talk to strangers.boy's best friend is his mother...i had one once.i must remember that.yes you must remember that.i can't talk to strangers.ever know a stranger named lester j.no, sir.then we must be friends. kind a follows, doesn't it.i guess so.oh no i have to trade this chest for oranges.i'll tell you what i'm going to do son.magic beans.not so loud, son, a crowd might collect.real magic beans.one orange, not a dozen oranges, but a whole veritable orange grove.sir, you are the kindest, friendliest man i ever met in my whole life.then it's a trade.yes, sir.here you are, run along son you bother me you bother me.hold it, boy. do you have a brother.no, sir.too bad, like doing business with your family.beans. but i asked you for oranges.mother i'm going to show you something gilligan.beans, soy beans, lima beans, string beans, green beans...and i hate beans.sometimes i get the feeling she's disappointed in me.you think i'm afraid of a mean and cruel giant.aren't you.i don't even care how big he is. uh...how big is he.oh he's about...oh sorry i asked. how come the giant's so mean and cruel.he's an orange miser. he has a whole treasure room full of oranges.would make me proud and pleased and happy.and dead, if the giant catches you...how big did you say that giant was.my goodness, where'd he get all those oranges.from her.that's the goose that laid the golden oranges.oh if i could get a hold of that goose...she would give me everything.don't be silly. if you steal that goose, you'll be a dead duck.now run before it's too late.oh, it's too late.where can i hide. behind the chair.nononono, hide behind there.well now, my pretty. what's going on here.not a thing, mean and cruel master. it's been very quiet.well, i smell something, and it's not oranges. fe, fi, fo, fum.i don't smell any fe, fi, fo or fum.well, i do, and it's coming from over there.aha. there you are.what was that..to steal all my oranges. i'll be back to deal with you later.come on. we'll grab the goose and go.all right.help. help.what was that.oh, nothing, just this old lady the giant has locked in his dungeon.please rescue me.come on hurry.no. first, i must rescue the old lady in the dungeon.you heroes are all alike...look, we don't have time to discuss a housing problem.ahlook, wewe got to run fast, that giant will be back any second.oh come on hurry.yeah.look lady we don't have time.a kiss.couldn't we just...shake hands.oh this hero business isn't what it's cracked up to be.go ahead get it over with.oh boy.my, you're beautiful. especially for an old hag.it was your kiss that did it. i'm really a princess.forget it, buster. i'm not gonna kiss you.oh the giant's beginning to look better and better every minute.come on i got to get this goose back home to my mother.mouth for several seconds. we hear the same magical windchime sound, but nothing happens.oh, you're not a prince.here comes the old fefifofummer again.oh i know a shortcut, follow me.yeah.aha. trying to steal my goose eh.. aha.let me go. let me go. let go of me. let me go...gilligan.  wake up. wake up.will you stop that. it's just the me gilligan.did i fall asleep.thathat's not important.wen...they went out, skipper, that means that we're all gonna die...skipper look.look at those grapefruit. the professor found some grapefruit trees.yes and some lemon trees too..i knew all about them.you mean you knew there were citrus fruits in the jungle.no, not citrus fruits. just grapefruits and lemons.oh gilligan, those are citrus fruits.oh.where i could get my hands on a two inch tbone steak.i know.you do. where.minnow right there, bring it in there, that little restaurant.thank you, professor.gilligan is standing in front of something. the skipper comes into view.gilligan your timing is wrong.you just don't want me to go into business for myself.been out here for five hours and what have you made.nothing.exactly. now come on let's go fishing.ok. but it sure would have been a swell business yesterday.alright come on. )