gilligan is seen running along the west pathway of the lagoons edge occasionally looking up as he goes.skipper. hey skipper.skipper. oh. skipper.ep. gilligan is this your idea of some kind of a joke.look a falling star.gilligan its day time, thats impossible.would you believe a falling moon.skipper falling moon.what would you believe.ii believe its going to hit the island.skipper.. what do you think it is..i dont know gilligan, but we better go see.look gilligan look.what a crazy care package.it looks like something from outer space.stuff we shot up there, they finally shot back.skipper its a piece of meteor.oh no.a piece meteor.. a meteor...yes a meteor.whats a meteor.oh brother come on lets take a closer look.hey skipper i dont think we should go to close it looks kind of spooky.planet or something. and it breaks off every now and then and falls to earth.oh.dont go near that.it talked.skipper. gilligan.it knows our names.its the professor.doesnt look like the professor.get away from there.wonder what hes worried about.fast..lets go find out, fast.whats wrong professor.that large glowing object.star or planet, breaks off and the skipper cuts gilligan off in mid sentence.all right gilligan, the professor knows all about that.oh.now gentleman, on the one hand there may be nothing to worry about.good.i knew it. its always the other hand that gets into trouble.gilligan will you be quiet and let the professor talk.professor sorts of strange rays, thats why its glowing.oh my gosh. whawhawhat are we going to do about it..i have a suggestion.oh, what.be able to tell us whether that meteor is radioactive.oh professor if it is, its absolutely deadly.count. and that way well definitely know whether theres cause for alarm.gilligan.my alarm just went off.oh cut that out.gilligan there is great need for secrecy.gilligan yes sir.i,i want you to stand guard outside the hut and let no body know what were doing.were doing.  by the way, what are we doing.gilligan, outside.here skipper, hold this.gilligan what are you suppose to be.i cant tell you.what cant you tell me.ask me what the skipper and professor are doin in there.all right. what are the skipper and professor doing in there.thats what i cant tell you.gilligan come on.you can tell ginger.through my hair, youll probably end up with a palm of greasy kids stuff.why cant you tell me.my lips are sealed.there, did that steam them open.no. its a surprise.a surprise.my birthday. a surprise birthday party.a surprise birthday party.oh you admitted it. oh well gee i didnt think anybody would have remembered.ok.gilligan. why did you do that.i just wanted to tell you something.gilligan will you please get out of here.knows but she the skipper gets angry and cuts him off.gilligan. gilligan out.ok you dont have to get sore about it.who goes there friend or foe..mary ann who.ma mary ann cut off gilligan.oh no, no you cant go in there.honest mary ann, i cant tell anyone.yeah its something for everybody all right.mary ann mary ann is obviously pleased with the idea of the christmas party.hi.i didnt tap you on the shoulder this time.time that you have an urge to come in here, conquer it...out.oh, lets start again professor.hault. back up and be recognized.im sorry no ones allowed in there.im sorry, howells arent allowed in there either.im sorry no ones allowed in the supply hut.the skipper and professor are working on a secret.well id love to tell you but i cant.an anniversary party.oh gilligan you promised you werent going to tell anyone.gifts.. why should i bring a gift to my own birthday party.im kind of confused myself.christmas party.. you mean birthday party.just one thing.heeeeeelp.arent we close enough professor.skipper you just right down the figures as i call them out.ok but talk fast.all right. ten over sixteen. nine over seventeen. ten over eighteen.so you see gilligan there was no radiation near the meteor at all.oh boy.however there were cosmic rays.oh boy.which arent as deadly as interstellar radiation.oh boy.however they can kill you.oh boy.gilligan, cant you say anything but oh boy.i could say oh girl, but i dont think itd sound right.a way of using these cosmic rays that i think are going to get us off the island.right..or radiation detection station is bound to spot them, investigate, and well be rescued.oh boy.skipper.epepwell the skippers allowed.still havent told me why im digging for lead.rays when we put this screen around the meteor.all down, dip our clothes into it, and then theyll be full of lead.how bout that. instead of getting the lead out, were getting the lead in.yes gilligan. dig.hurry it up gilligan, if this lead gets cold it wont stick to the cloth.this is the last one.im going to need more of that lead.well theres plenty over there professor.these things will really hold a press.now let the rest of it cool. we may need it later.hey skipper give me a hand with this its awful heavy.all right. you got this professor.lets put it over there with the other things.ok.weve gotta start getting in to our things.yeah shoes first.gilligan howd you get your pants on.stand me up and ill tell you.wooo you fall down you break your pants.well yeah be careful too you might break your neck.professor, how ya gonna walk in these things.well lead is a soft metal. itll loosen up as you move around a bit.yeah.by the way, how did you get into them.clothes covered in lead. their hats, shoes, gloves and even sun glasses have all been coated with lead making them all look like the tin man from the wizard of oz.im afraid its rather difficult to walk.this lead makeup sure feels funny professor.well we need it to protect our faces from the cosmic rays.i feel like frankenstein.whaaaa.come back here gilligan.wed better move on. were almost there.oh i hope so, these suits are sure uncomfortable.but i bet they wear like iron.come on gilligan.thats wonderful. its wonderful. the count has drop almost to zero.you mean it might work..i think so.i better go tell the others.gilligan.skipper.	give me a hand.ep. gilligan up.wait. wait. wait.oh well we could use some laughs professor lets go back.no no no i dont mean funny funny, i mean funny strange.professor.. what happened to the bamboo screen.why im afraid to even guess.i just noticed something.look at this tree.gilligan its just a tree.yeah but a few minutes ago it was only four feet tall.what do you mean a few minutes ago it was only four feet tall.no no no skipper hes right. i remember that tree, he tripped over it.this is the tree that he tripped oh well professor what does it mean..well it means we gotta get rid of that meteor before it get rid of us.gets rid of us.powerful that they aged that bamboo screen into saw dust in just a few minutes.ohep and that tree..a little while ago that tree was a sapling.of this meteor puts out, makes things grow older..yes they speed up the life process at an incredible rate.youve made me feel older since you been talking.wawawawawhat about the plants, the trees and the bamboo.an...an...an...and the people.others dont know about this so lets not tell them.i have only one thing to say.whats that.whyd you have to tell me. why.all right gilligan.professor this is the worst spot weve ever been in. cant you think of something.i, i am thinking.can you think faster.are you thinking faster.skipper i am thinking as fast as i can.well its not fast enough.you know i know a way i could think faster.how.if youd stop telling me to think faster.gilligan this is no time to be listening to the radio. now turn that music off.why.. after next week, we wont have time to listen to anything.gilligan will you turn that radio off.no no no leave it on a minute.music begins to play again on the radio following the announcement.oh great thats all we need is a storm.well its not just a storm skipper.if youve seen one storm youve seen em all.no but this one may save us.this storm can save us..are composed of metals. theyre made of metals, iron compounds.over the island, it might just possibly destroy it.oh come on now pro a storm destroy that meteorite..good question.thanks gilligan.lightening strikwhat are the odds on that..wella million to one.oh fine a million to one. what could be worse than that.a million to none.exactly. at least itd give us a possibility.yeah ill go tell the others the good news.good news when we havent told them the bad news yet.oh.gilligan me.. why would i do a thing like that..no. do i look any older to you.rod be made out of copper or steal or something.the better our chances. but all we have to work with is this lead.this is the straightest, longest bamboo pole i could find professor.end in this pot and keep turning. the lead will gradually harden on the pole.huh.thats it.hey. im making a lead sickle.well there you are professor.and harden. well finish the work in the hut.all right.  oh ah, should i wake up gilligan.no hes exhausted just let him stay there.cycle, making everything older. by the end of the week well be fifty years older.fifty years older. fifty years older.better hurry up skipper youre gonna be late for the party tonight.well, dont just stand there gilligan, come over and help me.well hurry it up.im runnin.well its hard to realize, this, fiftieth anniversary on this island.fifty years. one good thing about it, we know everybody at the party.well hand me my cane gilligan.either that canes getting heavier or im getting older.well naturally gilligan youre getting older so the cane is getting heavier.thank you.  shall we start going.here, zip me up.whats the matter.use both your hands.or the year before, or the year before, or, the year before.fifty years.. please its not a day over thirty.yo ho.yo ho. are you ladies dressed.oh, ii thought that skipper and gilligan where coming to call for us.well it was too far for them to walk.why you ladies certainly look as beautiful as ever tonight.mary ann, we are, all the girls.well, if you're ready, lets go to the party.im ready too.all right. if each one of you will take an arm, i think that ill be able to make it.lets go have a ball.thirtieth.yeah lets dance.come on ginger lets dance.come on professor move.the storm is here.the lightening rod. ive got to get it to the meteor.heeeelp.oooowww heeeeelp.somethings happened to my little buddy.little buddy are you all right..rod. it flew out of my hands and i dont know where it went.look.look at the meteor.huh. huh. huh..gilligan. the meteor disintegrated.not only that. it broke into a million pieces.yes.the skipper is lying in his hammock while gilligan is pacing back and forth nearby looking at himself in a small mirror as the professor enters the hut.well i just told the others the good news. not a trace of cosmic rays.oh thats wonderful professor.thats the best news i ever heard.oh gilligan youve been looking at that mirror for the last ten minutes.i know. i dont think i look bad for a man of seventy two. )