sack over their shoulder. in the sacks are coconuts.ahhhh, gilligan, lets take a breather.foot, nothing but lug'en coconuts. and my back is killing me.well gilligan why don't you put them down..i never thought of that. good idea.nice going gilligan.i'll get them skipper, i'll get them.gilligan don't go in there.ipipipit's an unexplored cave.i'll get it skipper.help. skipper. skipper it's after me.what is it little buddy what is it..skipper. hey skipper. it bit me.what bit you.we see a bat come flying out of the cave making a high pitch squeaking sound.there his is. look out, look out skipper.gilligan, i saw one of those once in mexico. ipipeh, a vampire bat.yeah, and it bit me on the neck. a vampire bat.it bit you on the neck.a vampire bat, bit.. i'm gonna turn nto a vampire.hey professor. professor.what is it.. what is it.. what's happened..it flew right through the air and it bit me on the neck. i'm gonna be a vampire.oh can you help him professor..the sight of blood. i'll starve to death.all right gilligan you just try to calm yourself.happened. something a, bit gilligan on the neck.there's a full moon he's gonna turn into a vampire.nonsense.coffin and he spread his cape and gilligan stops in mid sentence and looks horrified.what's the matter gilligan..i scared myself.all right all right now just stop right there.completely unnerved by a silly superstitious fable.you mean he won't turn into a vampire..gilligan, it was only a movie.least will keep the vampires, ii mean the bats from becoming a nuisance.oh that's a good idea professor thanks.the girls to put a dressing on that wound right now.after i become a vampire, they'll never look at me.in upsetting the others over something so, preposterous. agreed..oh all right professor, agreed.oh, the silver came all off the back.all i get is a blank expression.oh i know. but i like to get a another opinion.patch you up. i'll go get some shovels so we can close up the cave.professor said, not a word of this to the girls.you can trust me. i'll never say vampire again.good.skipper gilligan..ok ok.now go on in there.come in.i've got. just a simple ole every day bite on the neck nothing to worry about.that's what you think.let me see.no don't get too close.this one is.oh, whwhoh yeah something bit me, oh i a forgot i bit myself.your self.. how could you bite yourself on the neck gilligan.i stood on a chair. a ladder. a tree.now you sit down right here.ok.now don't be nervous. nobody ever died from a bite on the neck.hey , you're right.gilligan realizes he can't see his reflection in the mirror.i can't see myself. i don't have any reflection.and i couldn't see myself, so i'm a vampire. i'm a vampire.yourself. you keep talking like this, you're going to make yourself sick.wait till i start biting necks. that'll really make me sick. ichh.weren't a vampire, so you can believe the professor.i can believe the professor.right. so, why don't you stop worrying and get some sleep.right, stop worrying and get some sleep.haaanow you're being sensible, good night little buddy.yeah.good night.can't see myself in a mirror, doesn't mean i'm a vampire.my friend's necks he's starting to look worried.i'm not going to bit my friend's necks.skipper how come you're putting a scarf around your neck.epep because it's cold in here gilligan.skipper it must be ninety to a hundred and ten in here.my neck is cold.how could your neck be cold..gilligan epepi'mi'm getting a draft from my ears.oh yeah sure. drafty ears. you think i'm a vampire.no i don't.now epgood night.everybody. i'm going to bit all my friends.i don't want to be a vampire.gilligan. i just thought of a wonderful idea.gilligan string. i'll get my kite.no, not for your kite.get out, i can get you, before you leave the hut.if i turn into a bat, because bats have feet.exactly, now stop worrying, and get some sleep.yeah skipper, stop worrying, and get some sleep. good night.good night.stop worrying and get some sleep, yeah.vampires. bats.drinking blood. bats.mr. howell, what are you doing in my hut.what'd i do.oh no. i'm a vampire. i did it because i'm a vampire.i didn't mean to do it mr. howell i just can't help myself.its really happening professor. he's turning into a vampire.that vampires are nothing but fairy tales.but then why'd he try to bite mrs.well the explanation is obvious.mean there's telling who's going to be his next victim.this problem. i'll prepare an anti vampire potion.an anti vampire potion.. well professor what school did you go to.. batman u..these native plants and produce a mild tranquillizer.think it's a real anti vampire concoction.becoming a vampire will be removed once and for all.brewing the plants right away. i'll get gilligan.go on gilligan, drink it. down the hatch.professor, are you sure this anti vampire potion's gonna work.believe me gilligan, if you're a vampire, this potion will cure you.don't i get a cookie with it.gilligan will you drink it..ok.that. one drink of the anti vampire potion, and i feel better all ready.professor what's the matter with gilligan..hyper tense with worry that the tranquillizer had an immediate effect.professor come on skipper he won't bite you.well all right.i think he'll be just fine in the morning skipper.well thanks a lot professor.i'm going to turn in, good night.good night. now i'll finally get some sleep.wake up little buddy. gilligan.ahhhhhhow are you feeling this morning.gilligan's hammock, still flapping it's wings and squeaking.my poor little buddy.a bat that goes eek eek and flaps its wings.that's a shame.oh a shame ginger, why it's a disaster.do you think he can turn into a carrier pigeon too.all. i'm telling you he's really a vampire.mary ann i think he means it.trying to find the professor cause he'll now what to do. you haven't seen him at all..no.i've got to find him.professor.could happen. i once knew a movie producer that turned into a wolf.gilligan just flew in the window.oh i hope so.oh you're right he's still our friend.don't panic girls i'll get him..oh gilligan's after our necks.gilligan.. what are you talking about..he tried to attack us.me. now this is not gilligan. and it is not a vampire bat.bat. it's perfectly harmless. however, she's listening intently.fortunately, i happen to know a little something about bat anatomy.well if this isn't gilligan.unselfish. boy, am i noble. boy, am i scared.gilligan. gilligan little buddy i've got great news for you. you're all right.friendship. goodbye forever, your friend gilligan. the vampire.oh gilligan. why'd you do a dumb thing like that.p s. this was the only dumb thing i could think of doing.professor. professor.this is serious. gilligan isn't rational in his present state.yes of course professor but he wouldn't stand a chance in the jungle all night.and i suggest we organize search parties immediately. all right lets go.we open the dream sequence with an opening shot of a dark castle.have stumbled into our midst. i must wake my husband.the moon is full, and guests await, wake up master. get out of your crate.of evil, duke of darkness, king of terror. and other rotten things.little realizing the danger that awaits them.yeth, yeth. i can hardly wait to put the bite on them.i shall swoop down upon their unsuspecting necks.what happened..i forgot to turn in to a bat.what kind of a vampire are you any way..yeah, but they see my coffin and they'll become suspithiss.i'll fix that.now i'll get you the victims. meanwhile you'd better hide.till it's too late. i'll run and hide in the alcove.we don't have an alcove, you schnook.this will be your room. i hope you like it.you're so right. hahahahahaha.uh. some ones at the door. ii must prepare another room.no, but we'll make room. my husband loves to have extra people for dinner.i say i've knocked and knocked and nobody's answering inspector sherlock.ohhh elementary my dear whatney. no ones at home. we've come to the wrong castle.silly of us i must say.with this glass. there's nothing but an ugly old lady inside it.oh give that to me.my associate has no manners. i must apologies for his remark, ugly old lady.i am inspector sherlock and this is my associate, colonel whatney.how do you do.have you been expecting us.whawhawell, the fact is we had a hard time finding a handsome cab.yes precisely. we had to walk.never mind. come inside the house quickly.the ugly old lady turns and enters the castle.epep after you inspector.no, after you sir.they both try going through he door at the same time and get wedged in the doorframe.gooodeevning. you're my type of folks.signs of the vampire like the old lady said.conclusively that there is not a vampire within a thousand miles of here.inspector, did you here a scream.i beg your pardon, what did you say.i said, did you here a scream..i can't here you old boy, someone's screaming.ah whatney. our first clue.what. what is it inspector..someone is screaming. hurry whatney.i say old boy, have you seen a vampire.not lately. why don't you put an ad in the newspapers.ahhhh good thinking.old boy. my good man.my, good, man.use your head inspector.get up you. get up you. get up.get up. get up gilligan. little buddy get up.get back. i am the vampire.that bit you, you're just plain old gilligan.i warned you colonel whatney.ohhhhhhh.skipper. is that you..no, it's not the skipper. i'm frankenstein's monster.gilligan and the skipper enter the hut as they speak.good nights sleep without worrying about that vampire junk.superstitious nonsense about vampires and bats and all that stuff.isn't it silly.. isn't it stupid..stupid.. howhow could we been so stupid..i don't know. but we're sure not gonna fall for that junk again.yeah. good night little buddy.pleasant dreams skipper.do you hear what i hear.lets get out of here. )