breakfast. gilligan walks on camera looking for something to do.morning skipper.morning gilligan.can i help sir.sure you can.what do you want me to do.what.that's what you always say if i ask if i can help.i do..uh huh.well why should i say a thing like that.i guess because you think i'll goof something up.gilligan. but that's still no way to talk to my little buddy.i'm libel to jump ship. if we ever get on a ship again.promise i'll keep a check on myself from now on. ok.ok.still ship mates..yes sir.good. well i'll get this breakfast ready for the folks.skipper can i help.sure you can gilligan.what do you want me to do.fruit and powdered eggs.skipper it's starting to rain.rain.i just felt a rain drop on my nose. it's all wet.maybe we ought to find a cave or something.sprinkle. believe me, when a real storm sets in, you'll feel it.this isn't a real storm huh.nooooooo.when do you think the real big storms are gonna start.say the real big storms will start about thirty seconds ago.lending us these clothes while ours are drying out.oh i hope it doesn't start to rain while i'm wearing your beautiful coat.skipper, these clothes are still wet.gilligan. go over to the fire and dry them out.aye, aye sir.we must agree upon, is a permanent building in which we will live. right..hey skipper.. what are we going to hang these clothes on to dry.gilligan don't bother me about that. use your head for once.now i've drawn up a little plan, of an idea that i have...mr. howell, that is a map of australia.any of you have any suggestions, i'd like to hear them.i like it just fine skipper.thanks a lot gilligan.what are you doing with ginger's dress on.well ah...couldn't think of any other way to dry it skipper.that's using your head for once.what do you folks think of my plan.i...i think it's fine. could you build my place down by the beach.here you are skipper, nice and dry.well don't give it to me, give it to ginger.oh.here.hope you didn't stretch it.no, and mary ann yours will be dry in a minute.huts. the fact is we'll have one permanent building until we are rescued.it'll be a lot quicker and a lot easier if we all pitch in and work together.i go along with the skipper.indication, we're in for and early storm season.might hit at any moment now, so we'd better get to work right away.thanks for backing me up professor.well it was the only practical solution at the moment skipper.we'll do everything we can to help skipper.well i really don't know what you ladies can do.i use to go with a boy scout and they teach you a lot too.here you are mary ann, real nice and dry.bye girls.little too dry skipper, see.hi professor. you want a drink of water.gilligan oh.what's that stuff.oh yeah..gilligan will you watch...ohhhh.thanks a lot gilligan. this is the only dry shirt i had left.i'm sorry skipper. are we gonna move in here tonight..work until we drop. now get that water in the barrel.aye, aye sir.in there while i get some more palm fronds..uh oh.that was a close one. somebody could have stepped...right...into...the...barrel.thanks to you gilligan, somebody already has.stand on it, it's too dangerous. i'll go get you a ladder.never mind.it's ok, it's right over there by the door.that's a real good job mr. howell.aaaahhhhh.what was that..professor. did you hear something out here.what.cause the skipper will drive you till you drop. go back to sleep.oops. uh oh.sorry mr. howell.probably the...stupidest thing i ever did in my whole...entire...life.yaaah.do you want to bet on that gilligan..get away.i still can't believe this place is really finished.gilligan it's been a long day, why don't you hit the sack.yes sir.gilligan, why don't you try jumping into the upper sack.good thinking skipper.gilligan. why don't you get in the lower sack. and i will get in the upper.i hate to kick you out of your own bed.well there's just not enough room for us both in the lower sack.skipper.what was that gilligan.teddy bear..air. get up please.what is going on in here..when you get around to me i'd like to say pipe down and get to sleep.will you folks keep it quiet. people are trying to sleep in here.well you're no help shouting at the top of your lungs.i'm not shouting at the top of my lungs, i'm trying to get some quiet..lis...listen folks why don't we...you can't tell gilligan to shut up. i'll tell him when to shut up.thanks skipper. now folks...shut up gilligan.are you two going to have these family arguments every night..well i happen to live here.mr. howell remember what the skipper said. there's a big storm on way.i think we've gone to a lot of work for nothing.so do i.now wait a minute folks. don't be fooled by a little good weather.we're gonna have a real blow alright.it so happens i'm an experienced sailor.i think i'll start to work on my own place too.it's getting awful crowded in here.wait a minute. wait a minute.are you folks think you're going to use to make huts..and these walls belong to us. we'll take our walls. come on.i'll be by in the morning for my roof too.i think they're making a big mistake.they sure are. part of the roof belongs to mr. howell.oooooo. gilligan i mean their attitude.you're right skipper.i wonder what's going to happen when those monsoons come.own huts so they don't have to come bunk with us.we're turning in right now mr. howell.no you weren't mr. howell.stock shot of ocean/beach/palm trees we see gilligan inside a new hut under construction.gilligan.where i am skipper but i know i'm right here someplace.gilligan, you are standing in my bedroom.i'm sorry skipper. you want to come in and go to sleep.no i don't want to come in and go to sleep.go work in the living room. like i did before i...gilligan i want you to come out and plain the ends of this cross beam.yes sir.gilligan, what are you doing.trying to find the front door.will you get out here and start working on this beam.long. everybody else is almost done with their huts.worried work and a job not well done is not a welldone job.skipper that's beautiful.pop use to say a lot of beautiful things.was he a poet.gilligan. now start working on this beam, i'll get some more bamboo.yes sir.hi mr. howell. how are things going.is it ok if i wear what i have on.i guess i will at that huh. yeah...sure mr. howell.yes sir. right behind that rock over there.well why aren't you working on the beam.because i gave the machete to mr. howell.gilligan did it ever occur to you to use the saw..yes sir that's the first thing i thought of.well why didn't you use the saw..because i loaned that to the professor.how are we ever going to get this place done if you keep loaning our tools out..yes sir.answer is no no no no no no.. now have you got that.no. i mean yes.gilligan.ginger hello...no no n  o  no..gilligan. what kind of a greeting is that.gets who tries to borrow anything, no no no.well, i didn't come here to borrow anything.you didn't.no.no.no.oh.all i want is just a...a, teeny, weenie, weensy, weenie piece of rope.how long a, little, teeny weenie eency weensy bit of rope do you want.nine feet.well...no nine feet's hardly anything at all.this is awfully sweet of you gilligan.oh heck, it's only rope.six feet and, three feet more, makes nine feet, yeah.here's your nine feet of rope ginger.thank you gilligan.i've got two three foot beams if you want'em.the rope is all i wanted, thanks.gilligan.i made a mistake with this sixfoot beam.beams. i think sixfoot beams are the easiest things to...gilligan will you cut that out.here you are skipper. two three foot crossbeams.well you sure cut that in a hurry.yes sir.hand me that coil of rope.yes sir.gilligan.  you didn't remember to say what i told you did you.yes sir. i said no exactly like you told me. just before i gave away the rope.oh gilligan.yeah they're pretty.any minute. now you go out, on the double and get everything that you loaned out.skipper. you don't have to worry. if it starts to rain, we can work inside.gillian. now you get out of here on the double.come in.hi professor. this is sure a nice place you got here. what are you doing.i'm making notes for a book.you mean you're writing a book.chronicle of our adventures on the island.no kidding.i think it's a book people will buy don't you.sure i'll buy one. i'm dieing to find out what happens to us.fine.could i have back the chisel and saw you borrowed.oh yeah. i loaned the chisel to the girls, but the saws right here somewhere.what did you do to that wall..out this palm leaf and the whole thing fell down.oh come on.honest professor that's what happened.palm leaf will make a whole wall fall down.i built this place you remember..yeah girls your place is beautiful. the professor had a beautiful place but...beautiful garden here, and then we're going to...here i'll get it, hold this.oh...oh and after all that work.well, at least i fixed the door.hi mr. howell.mr. howell built a real nice hut didn't he skipper.just one little disaster to leave them homeless.wanted to talk to you about the community hut.no mr. howell, the community hut the seven of us built.before, we can rebuild it before the rough weather sets in.you may think it is.yeah mr. howell, you may think it is.quiet gilligan. come over here and sit down and be quiet, i'll handle this.these walls should have blown away hours ago.why do you say that ginger.because i helped put them up.don't know what's keeping my roof up either.folks let me reassure you. this hut is solid as a rock.stand anything. i mean look at this construction here.don't touch anything gilligan. do you want the whole hut to fall down..i'm sorry skipper.now gilligan after this disaster, you are in charge of the passengers.me.. what about you..my duty as captain, to go down with the hut.skipper, hey listen.listen. i don't her anything.that's what i mean. the storms over.oh my walls made it.look at my roof. it's as dry as a bone.folks  i told you we could weather the storm...you see, the skipper was right. if all us work together we can do anything huh..hey skipper, what are you doing in the lagoon..never mind what am i doing in the lagoon.aye, aye sir.here skipper.the skipper resume work on their hut. the skipper is near the sawhorses with a beam laying on it.oh...ep. gilligan.uh huh. and all the passengers are building their own huts again.and so are we. now i won't have to remind you about lending our tools out will i.no. no. n  o  no no no no.ok gilligan.hello gilligan.could you carry the box please. )