gilligan is seen sleeping with a fishing pole as he lays up against a piece of drift wood near the lagoon.hey what's going on..hey mister. hey mister.hey skipper.what is it gilligan.there's a man on the island with a net trying to catch a butterfly.if there is a man with a net on this island he'd be after you.no skipper really i was minding my own business fishing...gilligan you're right.i told you i told you.excuse me sir.are you looking for something.ceti wha...wha...whatamus.wha...did you loose it.wa...wa...but lord beasley how did you get here on the island.how you gonna get off the island.lord beasley when we...come on gilligan.lord beasley.when you leave...when you leave the island can we go with you.did you hear that gilligan.. we can leave the island.whooopeeeee..butterflies, he's gonna shoot off his flare gun.and a boats gonna take us off the island.gentlemen, we have a problem.what kind of a problem.how much room can one butterfly take up..well the problem is catching the butterfly.thought they had wings and those...those skinny things that came out of their heads.gilligan, quiet.beasley collect those butterflies just as soon as possible.mary ann the only thing i know how to catch is a man.me neither.how are your feet gilligan.i don't know skipper. my feet and i aren't on speaking terms.beasley has even seen a pussycat swallowtail yet.he's looking for a butterfly under the water.that's what i call a determined nut.well the questions is how.except for the top of that mountain over there.you and your big mouth.we're so high up it's probably an angel.lord beasley, may i come in.lord beasley.lord beasley, you know i've always been crazy about lords and ladies. especially lords.i hope you don't think i'm being too forward, but...a bee.   shoooo    shoooo.   shoooo..don't you worry about a thing, i'll take care of it for you.shoooo   shooooo.  shoooo.. shooooo...the cetridney butterfly, identified by the bright yellow spots on it's blue wings.infaliceantiopius also known as the redtailed...noooooo that's the basilarcia.mean after all the idea, a professor with six degrees using crib notes.and an excellent idea at that.oh obviously not, why that's a...basalarcia artimus if i ever saw one.were from the family of uh......infalia artimus.practically memorized your book the butterfly and i.that i met you in person i can't wait until we get off this island so that we can...from the family of lyciniday, also known as the meadow brown.imposterous.  imposterous.beasley to fire off that flare gun have failed absolutely miserably.well why don't we just, you know...gilligan quiet please. the question is what can we do.well why don't we...gilligan quiet please.maybe we could hypnotize him, and make him think that we're all pussycat swallowtails.why don't we...gilligan please.why don't we just fire the flare gun..time will you be quie...flare gun, fla...what flare gun..this flare gun.gilligan.. where did you get that.it was on the table an when he went out he just left it and i picked it up.it must have a silencer i didn't hear a thing.you knuckle head why didn't it go off..mr. howell he's our only hope of getting off the island.he's a regular captain bligh.yes sir.yes sir.oh my poor feet.oh your poor feet.. my calluses have calluses.oh that's nothing, would you believe my socks are melting..i'm a half an inch taller. i'm standing on my blisters.what'd i do..skipper. a little purple would be pretty.the professor's book. and there is no purple in it.well a little purple would be pretty skipper.would you please just hold the palette steady. or i'll make you purple.hey have either of you fellas seen my book on the...what are you doing.. why your painting a butterfly.i think the little devil likes it.it's going to help us get off the island.i don't believe it. i don't believe it.there you are now gilligan, call lord beasley.will never in a million years be taken in by a painted butterfly.lord beasley. lord beasley.it is.. well good now we can shoot off the flare gun and we'll all be rescued.well, now i've seen everything.we sure are good painters huh skipper.rembrandt. gentleman aloha, hawaii here we...come.well if there's anything i can't stand it's a butterfly that won't hold it's colors.maybe it turned white because it was sick.lord beasley..well gentlemen what do you think.fermented in the sun, they have a lovely flavor and quite a kick.so we can get him to fire his flare gun, is a pretty wild scheme to me.listen skipper, for a fella who recently tried to paint a butterfly i...what's so fantastic about that..gentlemen i think we're about ready. i think we have enough.oh don't spill any of that tea mary ann, it's libel to eat right through the table.thanks a lot mrs. howell...oop her comes gilligan and lord beasley now shhhhh.i think my stoppers broke.lord beasley, long may his butterfly net wave.skipper. this tea tastes just like...it is.oh that's why it tastes like....a toast, to lord beasley. long may his butterflies fly.lord beasley. long may his butterflies fly.another toast. to the united kingdom.to the united kingdom.oh a just a minute lord beasley. a toast to the british navy.we last saw them. they start to wake up at the same time looking rather beaten.oooooooo. what hit me..gilligan little buddy. wake up.huh...where am i.oh...your next to me gilligan, where ever i am.lord beasley.i don't see him anywhere.hey all of his things are gone.calendar watch, we've been asleep for two days and ten minutes.two days.i wonder if there's anything on the radio.gilligan he caught one.butterfly net. fur lined parka.butterfly might be freezing to death at this very moment. tootleooo.the professor turns off the radio. the rest of the castaways are looking very disappointed.well obviously lord beasley hasn't told anyone about us yet.gets back from the antarctic, he'll forget we ever existed.what are we gonna do.. )