the three are making there way through the jungle as the drums continue.here's the cave i was telling you about.ah, you are right. it is big enough for all seven of us.that's right. and food, and a big water supply and everything.anybody home.will you stop fooling around. those headhunters are getting closer every minute.those headhunters really cut off your head.yes, they cut them off, they shrink them and they put them on the ends of sticks.here. they're not going to take me without a chase.we need some bamboo for weapons. some spears and clubs and everything, now go get some.aye, aye sir.gilligan you don't have to try and knock your own head off. the natives'll do it for ya.first it was day and then it was night, and then it was day, and then it was night.what's the matter gilligan.how come you two guys are upside down.upside down.. what are you talking about..how comethe whole world is upside down..i've got my medical book in the supply hut.down makes me awful dizzy.what a time for this to happen when all those headhunters closing in.yeah, they'll probably mix up and cut off my feet.here gilligan take it easy now, just lean against the table.yeah, thanks skipper.i'm sorry i'm gonna have to leave you little buddy, but i got to make some spears.ok, i'll help you.get over here and just sit down at the table now.yeah.wait until the professor comes back with something to fix you.i better be care, i almost fell up.ahwellyesall right stay right there.gilligan have you seen mary ann.and skipper wants fresh water for the cave and why do you have your eyes closecause i'm afraid to open them.gilligan, closing your eyes won't make those headhunters go away.that's not what i'm afraid of.then why have you got your eyes close.cause you're standing upside down and i'm afraid your dress might fall up.gilligan that's ridiculous.hey you're right. it's staying there.this is no time to be playing games. those headhunters could be here any minute.oh i don't have time to listen to you, i've got to find mary ann.for a girl, she runs pretty good on her head.gilligan, you're a very lucky young man.lucky..part of the pacific that has remarkable curative properties for optic disorders.well it's bad enough having eye trouble, now i have optic disorders.the captibora berry may be the cure for your condition.i'll eat anything if it helps.only the red berries with the green dots.so we must all make sure we pick the right ones.yes.what drums.they stopped.no headhunters..drum beat it follows that we have nothing to fear.mary ann, i think i found some.is it.oh i'm exhausted.do you think there really every were any headhunters.drumbeats, but we never actually saw one.are you kidding.. i come from hollywood.that name. the cure sounds worse than the dieses.did you say something.mary ann. ginger. i found some of the berries.or, half past nine. who cares i'm hungry anyway.it's hard to tell, but i think that's a papaya tree. yeah.maybe i'll do better if i close my eyes.over here mr. howell.i don't remember cutting that in half.no i see everything upside down.well ok mr. howell i'll try.i'm trying to tell you a lot of things.the drums have stopped.the howell's aren't interested in what gilligan's saying and discuss plans for the party.i hope this medicine works.what if it doesn't.well we'll have to find another cure.yeah, imagine going through life not knowing which end is up.gilligan i will withhold comment.how long will it take for that medicine to work.hand me that shell over there to my left will you please.oh gilligan.gilligan, do me a favor will ya. the next time i ask for help, refuse it.yes sir.thank you.yes sir.i made it.yes, what you made is a mess.hi gilligan, hi professor. i found a whole bunch of berries.more thing you can do to make this experiment a complete success.whawhat's that professor.take gilligan outside.all right.come on doctor kildare. steady as you goes.for a little guy, you can sure get in big trouble.that's cause i try harder.boy, the things i do for you.way i can talk to you without falling down, or up or sideways.skipper, you are standing on your head aren't you.of course i am professor.oh good. for a minute i thought i was working too hard. come on gilligan.give him some of that stuff before i kill myself.no gilligan.that's it. now close your eyes. now take just one sip.ich.drink it will ya..smells awful.oh the smell is nothing compared to the taste.oh that's different.there, that wasn't so bad was it..no that wasn't so bad, it wasn't bad, it was horrible.all right now gilligan, very slowly, open your eyes.you still see everything upside down.no i see everything right side up.then why are your eyes closed.gilligan i see two of everything.two.yeah. one skipper, two skipper.one professor, two professor.what..pan right to second native he's inspecting his machete's edge.all right gilligan close your eyes.why's he keep seeing double now..berries. they seem to have unstable properties.oh we've got to find a some kind of a cure for my little buddy.thanks thanks skipper skipper.thanks thanks skipper skipper.i didn't want to miss either one of you.gilligan, open your eyes.oh the pupils are extremely dilated.that's bad huh.to the captibora extract. frankly, i'm not overly concerned.i'm not either, if it was happening to somebody else.i'll have to prepare a new extract.yes i did. it concerns our young friend here.amr. howell you only see one gilligan right.well i see two mr. howells and two mrs. howells.mr. howell, we've all got to pitch in and work hard.professor and collect captibora berries.that's right.oh mr. howell, hard work never hurt anybody.but it's for gilligan.stay right here now little buddy, and we'll be back in no time.other side effects caused by the sun's rays and the dilation of your pupils.the refraction could cause hallucinations.that's ok as long as i don't start seeing things.gilligan, that's what the professor means by hallucination.to put it more simply, don't believe everything you see.you mean if i see the creature from the black lagoon i shouldn't worry.exactly, it won't be real.what if i see bridget bardo in a towel.call me.appetite. i'm twice as hungry as i was before.oh boy. bananas.the professor was right, i can't believe everything i see.i know it's not that one, it must be this one.i'll bet the professor never thought i'd start seeing things like that.fill up as many baskets as many as we can.ke'a i'wana.thanks i'll take 'em.yeah it'll work better that way.do you still see two of me.gilligan and one there.on a date and the other could stay home get some sleep.kill joy.i'll wait here for the four of you.two tables and i can't hit one.oh hi mr. and mrs. howell and friends.one.don't worry mrs. howell, i'll stay mixed up as ever.careful. these natives are savages.what are we going to do..gilligan..the professor walks out of the hut with another batch of captibora juice in a bowl.i've got another does of the medication ready for you.oh, do i have to.well unless you enjoy seeing double.oh yeah.professor i can find the girls or the howell's anyplace.well they must be somewhere in the vicinity.yeah, i saw all eight of 'em ago about a half an hour.all eight of them.skipper oh never mind.one sip. close your eyes. and don't open them again until i tell you.ok.now when you open your eyes, your vision should be cleared.all right gilligan, open your eyes.i see five professors and five skippers.five images.. of everything..some sort of weird geometric progression.oh professor i'm afraid you're not helping my little buddy at all.i'm afraid not skipper. gilligan, forgive me.i will professor as soon as you get rid of all those people.however it should be possible to reverse the process.we must dilute the extract.here gilligan, close your eyes and drink this water.now keep drinking.keep drinking.all right open your eyes.well.i see one of you each.it's wonderful.he's cured.yes.well not quite, i still see those natives i've been imagining.what natives..the ones i've been imagining all day.what natives have you been imagining all day..like the ones that are about to grab the professor.gilligan you haven't been imagining.real..three against one. if i could only get them out numbered.out numbered.. yeah.ugh.what'd they say.us to their island for a formal ceremony.yes.professor you speak their language, can't you talk to them..to them. it's their tribal custom to kill all strangers.it would appear they don't make friends.thank you mary poppins.gilligan, rescue us..i wouldn't put it passed him to walk right up and get himself captured.oh no.mmmmm. mmmmm. real nummy num num.mmmmm. mmmmm.there, what'd i tell ya.. our hero.hi everybody.i got an idea.i have ideas.i know.yes. then they'd see four times as many of us.and they'll think they're out numbered.it's an excellent plan.oh it is an excellent plan. i just wish that somebody else had thought of it.well what difference does it make who thought of it..know that can, snatch defeat right out of the mouth of victory.the natives look up and see the castaways in the cage.yeah, right about now.you did it. you did it little buddy.we see gilligan and the skipper sitting at the communal table.come she never gives me something good like a slingshot.but gilligan, they were giving you tokens of appreciation for saving their lives.oh they didn't have to do that. they'd do the same thing for me.oh it's beautiful. i can hardly wait to eat it.oh gilligan. don't drink that.i know it.well..now i've got five pies. )