gilligan is walking casually towards the camera along a jungle path near the lagoons edge.look, i told you once and i'll tell you again, it's all over between us.know you do. please, please. don't do this to me.oh. so that's the way it is. i see it all now.it was never really me me me. all the time it was her her her.all right.it's her her her.if i can't have you, nobody will.watch out. she's got a gun.good heavens.she shot me, dead, dead, dead.murder.help. police. help police. murder. murder.help. help police. help police.help.murder. murder. murder. murder. help police.skipper.hey skipper.over here gilligan.hey skipper. skipper.over here.skipper. oh skipper. skipper.boy have i got something to tell you.oh it's not as important as what i have the skipper shows gilligan a rock.do you know what this is..yeah yeah yes, but it's a special kind of rock. it's phosphorescent.we can lay out an s o s signal that can be seen by a plane at night for miles.now can i talk..ok gilligan, get it off your chest, shoot.well you're getting close skipper.what..the professor.ginger shot him dead dead dead.did you actually see it..i saw it with my very own eye eye eyes.oh come on gilligan, lets go see.lets go.oh, i'm afraid i didn't help you rehearse very well ginger.lay still professor. nosebleeds can be dangerous.i didn't see the table when i fell. i guess i'm just a, clumsy actor.don't be silly professor you were marvelous.oh.now come on lay back. you'll feel better.in the mean time i'll just take this, handkerchief and wash it.you know, i just thought of something. with some actors, they have acting in their blood.you go in, and i'll stay out here and be the look out.a look out.yeah, in case ginger decides to shoot you, i can be out here and yell, look out.shhhhh. don't yell.what.i said don't yell. be quiet. come on.i give up mary ann. i can't seem to get the spots out of this.thanks.guess i better put this gun away.gilligan. skipper.ginger.gilligan. for goodness sake.gilligan. you can open your eyes now.professor. you shouldn't be walking around dead, it could be fatal.we were just practicing a scene from a play i was once in.what about the gun huh.. what about the gun..this gun..blanks.oh, they were just blanks.oh, well, what can i do for you.oh. hahayeah.mr. howell, ginger and i were rehearsing a scene and gilligan thought she shot me.so you see we really have no need for the long arm of the law.robbery, no murder, no crime of any kind on the island.or is it, a, bird in the bush, never gathers any moss..excuse me folks. you've given me food for thought.some form of legal authority here on the island.exactly. what we need is law and order.i suggest we elect a sheriff and the sooner the better.what about you professor.no i'm afraid i'm in the middle of an experiment with those phosphorescent rocks.i'm not too busy.i'm not doing anything at all i could be the sheriff.ridiculous.how 'bout a word from you professor.idiotic.sorry i asked.no, in my opinion the logical man for the job of sheriff is the skipper.preposterous.well that's what he said about me.mr. howell gives a simulated karate chop to the air.karate.. where did you learn karate..well.mr howell if i am that strong.will this hurt..boy have we got a lot to learn.i wonder where he went.. epgilligan.comin sheriff.what's wrong.well if i'm gonna be a deputy, i'm gonna have to learn to act like one.oh cut that out. now we've gotta lot a work to do.yes mr. dillon.learn this criminal code, we've got to practically memorize it.yeah learn all about criminals and their sneaky ways.epyes but first you have to learn how to become a officer.oh.gilligan that's a boy scout. now listen to this and carefully.an officer in the enforcement of law, must be courteous and cheerful, friendly and brave.courteous and friendly and cheerful, the criminal escaped before i got to be brave.any information that you need in this book is there. so look it up.you can count on me.yes.epyou are probably the saddest looking deputy i ever saw. now where's your whistle.oh yeah right, my whistle.for goodness sake, get it out, you're out of uniform.now remember. you're only to blow that gilligan starts to blow the whistle and continues to do so.gilligan not now. you're only to blow that in an emergency.this is an emergency. you're standing on my foot.oh gilligan.oh stop.hi ladies.ladies.well gilligan i'm waiting.oh sorry sheriff.collision. just like a big fat truck running over two little sports cars.oh thanks a lot.skipper.yes professor.phosphorescent element shelite. i suggest we collect some more.anything comes up, just look it up in the book.that the area we're suppose to search.yeah. another one of those reports of people on a deserted island.i saw you mr. howell. stealing the skipper's binoculars.taking somebody else's property without their permission is stealing.mr. howell, you're under arrest article four.ignorance of the law is no excuse.trying to bribe an officer on duty. article seven.come on lets go.we heard the whistle. what's going on..mr. howell took your binoculars without your permission and that's stealing.to forget it, and that's bribery. so i arrested him.well deputy, you did right. you should be ashamed of yourself mr. howell.a deputy. may i speak to him for a moment.just make sure he doesn't make a run for it.now mr. howell.we all gave our word that we'd obey the law.now we agreed to, accept the skipper as sheriff and a, gilligan as his deputy.we must agree to obey their authority. and to accept the penalty if we break the law.i know that you understand the principal involved. after all, you're a man of ethics.all right i a, hereby officially place myself under, hut arrest.when you're under arrest. you have to go to the, to,  where we gonna, put him.zoom in for close up of mr howell mr. howell is looking worried.well, there's only one thing we can do.you seen one ocean, you've seen 'em all.we've covered ah, mmmmm little over half the search area.i don't even know if there's an island in that other have, charted or uncharted.oh you never know.oh, collecting these phosphorescent rocks is harder than i imagined.yeah but one thing that's making it a lot easier.what's that.the fact that gilligan isn't here to help us.well it's going to take quite a while to collect enough to make a signal.others we're gonna be gone the rest of the day.angle on professor don't forget to remind gilligan to feed mr.professor. i mean putting mr. howell in jail is kind of rough.but mr. howell is different. you know those society fellas are, kind a soft.well don't underestimate mr. howell. he can take anything.sorry mr. howell.fifteen minutes.you know it's just not right mary ann.hi mary ann.professor, i'll take some of this stuff along.going to be out all day.most of it. professor and i have to collect those phosphorescent rocks.oh i think so, now i better get something for the professor.hi skipper. is mr. howells lunch ready.how's he getting along.oh the prisoner is resting as well as can be expected.gilligan, that's for hospitals, not for jails.you shouldn't call mr. howell a prisoner.oh the jail birds fine.the day. so i want you to keep an eye on things.you mean i'm in charge.i mean you are in complete charge.see you later girls.that's a pretty big responsibility right ginger.doubt if we're going to have a crime wave.never can tell right.now that's the spirit. oh by the way girls, that fires too close to the hut.it's were we always use to have it.well, ignorance of the law is no excuse. i'll have to put it out.that's not funny ginger.you're under arrest for violation of section thirtythree of the municipal code.oh let me go.mary ann grabs gilligan and tries to make him release ginger.i wouldn't do that if i were you mary ann.oh for being dumb enough to let him grab me.yeah just long enough for me to get my hands on that pint size john wayne.hoh mr. howell this is no time or a party.hi mrs. howell.yes mam.you.. do something against the law.. don't make me laugh.cake. do you think i could have a piece of it.it's just that i'm a little bit hungry mrs.but i was just protecting innocent people like you.oooooo..hi professor.hi gilligan.where is everybody.you wouldn't believe the day i had today.oh he'll be along shortly, his load is larger and heavier.i sure hope so.found this streak of phosphorescent rock in the side of a hill.how'd you get it out.why with thisthis stick of crude dynamite that i made.oh professor, you never should have done that.well it was the only way we could get the rock.no, i don't mean that, i mean you never should have never done that.done what.carrying concealed weapons.you what..skipper gilligan how could you do such a thing..it wasn't easy, the girls put up a good fight.a good officer knows how to use his power not misuse it.the law is the law.ok captain bligh.i vowed to gilligan opens the book to read what he vowed to do.yeah here it is the skipper slams the book closed on gilligan's hand.oooo oooo that hurt ooooo my karate pinky.going to hurt, now give me that key so i can let these people out of jail.nothin doin.gilligan.you said go by the book. and i went by the book.gilligan you lame brain give me that key.gonna hurt ya. now i intend to get that key if i have to shake it out of ya.there it is.skipper.oh when i tell you what he did to me.this after we get back to camp. right now we gotta get out of jail.gilligan. i forgot the key in the lock.gilligan. give me that key.i'm sorry skipper you're under arrest.whawhat did i do..do you remember when you were shaking me trying to make the key fall out.so.that's police brutality.gilligan give me that key for he's sticking out his tongue at the skipper.it's his own creation mrs. howell. it's coconut pot pie.oh you can count on me.we're crashing out of here are you with us.we're crashing out of he mr. howell, are you with us.all right girls come in the back of the cave.you men ready.oh it's no use skipper. that thing is as solid as a rock.oh well its all my own fault.oh, don't blame yourself.no really. i'm the one who built it.well maybe not mrs. howell. you know i made some prison pictures when i was in hollywood.musical it was called sing a song of sing sing.the what.get ready everybody here he comes.oh gilligan. stop them stop them they'll kill each other.huh.listen you dumb con. i told you once and i'm telling you again, i run this cellblock.ehhhhhhh. all right big boy.well here i go.well take this tough guy.and this. and that.yell professor. yell.oh.ahhhhhhhhhh.how'd you like that.yahhhhhhhhhh.oh. oh do something gilligan. he's going to kill him.great. great. i saw sing a song of sing sing three times and that was my favorite scene.he saw it. he saw it.we just crossed coordinate eight seven. that just about completes the search area.well be better get turned around.ought to check out. it's not on the map, but i recall it being just south of here.ok, but we better keep our eye on the fuel.we got to make gilligan open that door.quinton blues. the prisoners made so much noise, that the guard had to open the door. )