a fishing pole and is trying to catch fish from the lagoon.i got another one. i got another one.hey skipper, you catch one more you'll have enough for a whole can of sardines.you're gonna stay up here on the beach while i do all the work.radio program. it's called take a dare, and they're talking about a guy on a deserted island.oh there's nothing i'd rather here more.me either. did ya hear that. oooo. you hear that skipper..gilligan i can't hear anything.full week, take a dare will pay him ten thousand dollars.wow.nothing but the clothes on his back, and without help from anyone.could you take that dare. think of it. ten thousand dollars.i'm thinking of it, and it's making me sick.why. is it because this fellas gonna get ten thousand dollars.yeah and i'm doing it for nothing.george barkley, has already been drop off on a deserted island.during the week we will be in touch with mr.gilligan good luck george barkley wherever you are.oh well never mind this program gilligan we've got to bring back dinner.hey skipper.. that's not enough fish for seven people.i know gilligan you're so right. we better pick up some bananas huh.ok.ok.oh gilligan. move. lets get some bananas.all right gilligan, give me your, bananas and, pick up the pails of fish.ok skipper.and hurry it up. these things are getting heavy.hey skipper..what is it now..have you got the fish.cut that out. of course i haven't got the fish.well they're gone.how could the fish be gone.. epfish don't fly away.flying fish do.skipper gilligan. we didn't catch flying fish.hey that's right.well i'm glad you think i'm right about something.took 'em back to camp while we were picking bananas.hey maybe you're right.i'm glad you think i'm right about something.will you cut that out. now lets get back to camp.ok.ahgilligan..yeah.is there anything that you can do to make my job a little easier.sure skipper. i'll play some marching music.he follows gilligan into the clearing. both walk towards the camera and stop for a close up.boy can these babananas get heavy.maybe we should have peeled the first.yes well ahoh gilligan.no they'd be too slippery.the girls brought the fish up from the lagoon.yeah.hey skipper.hey professor.got problems.somebody brought 'em up here. ahep, maybe it was you. did you bring 'em up.no it wasn't i. did you ask the howells.no, but i'll go over and ask 'em right now.or perhaps it was gilligan.things ehehoh wait a minute professor how could it be gilligan he was with me..and when we came back with the bananas, the fish weren't there.no no i heard the weather forecast on the radio, right after the take a dare program.take a dare program.. oh that's my favorite program. what was the stunt this week.they put a man on a deserted island all alone.no a real man.oh what will the contestant win..ten thousand dollars if he can stay there a week.no, seals don't like money they like fish.oh tell us about the man.well, if he gets any help, he looses the pails.no i'm not. if the man can stay on a deserted fish for a week, he gets ten thousand pails.ten thousand pails..that doesn't sound quite right does it.tell us about the radio program.did it, and if he gets any help he looses. i think.well somebody took 'em.well it's a mystery to me.well sure mrs. howell.mrs howell captain we know it wasn't you.mrs. howell please, if you'll just let me finish one sentence.bananas, we notice that both pails of fish were missing.what corridor.ehehjust forget the whole thing, never mind.hahaha, thank you.its good to know that your transmitter is working mr. barkley.it's working fine. ah thank you.and know the  question on everyone's mind.i bet he's living on fish and coconuts like we're doing.shhhhh.i'm living on fish and coconuts.see. what did i tell ya..you heard the program before.mr. barkley, you have no fishing equipment or tools. correct.that's right.then how do you catch fish, and open coconuts.i use, my bare hands.wow. he must be a powerful man.and strong too.come on gilligan, let's go out and round up some stuff for dinner.gee i'd sure liked to help that guy.programs all about..  if someone helps him, he doesn't get the ten thousand dollars.ok then i won't help him.good boy.even if i knew where he was. even if i knew where i was. even if i knew where we was.were.were.me..and what about our frying pan..plates. frying pan. is there something significant there.there's something significant there.mary ann.. did you take my hammock to collect the wash again..well it's missing.and our frying pans missing.say what's going on here.i am discussing my hammock.and our missing frying pan.yes..why now just a minute howell.and our frying pan..i demand the return of my hammock immediately.well none of us would steal anything.will you listen to me. will you hold it down now.gilligan keep looking now. must have been monkeys that stole that stuff.yeah skipper, monkeys are pretty clever.yes but it but it was pretty dumb of them to steal a frying pan.must be tired of eating raw bananas all the time.my detective magazine. why did they steal that..like i said, they're pretty clever.oh gilligan, monkeys can't read.oh yeah.. then where did they get the recipe for fried bananas..skipper.what.i think i just heard something.well what was it.hammock, eating a banana, and reading your detective magazine.what..shhhhh.gilligan do you know who that is.no skipper, i don't get up this way very often.well can't you guess.well just then the radio announcer is heard calling for mr.calling mr. george barkley, come in mr.gilligan skinny davis.oh. shhhhh. no. it's the man from the take a dare show.it can't be. he's on a deserted island, this island has people.mr. barkley come in please.barkley speaking, go ahead.it's him skipper its him.hmmmmshhhhhh, now listen.are you all right mr. barkley.well, this primitive life is a little hard to get use to. but, i'm going to stick it out.some primitive life. why that phony, we're going in and break this up right now.he hears the skipper and gilligan coming and gets out of the hammock.i've got to sign off. iii've got to fight off some wild animals.you give me that microphone or i'll break every bone in your.oh. hahaha. may day. may day.come in. epepi'm sorry to spoil your fun mister but we've got to get off this island.may day. epcome in may day. ebcalling anybody.hi.hi.hi.hello there.hi.hi.hi.this is the skipper of the ss minnow.i know that.i wasn't talking to you gilligan.but you said come in anybody.i didn't mean you.oh.may day. may day. come in.i don't think there's anybody there.i think you're right. give me that thing.oh. not the banana.may day. come in may day.i, i guess that i broke it when i grabbed the mic.now isn't that a shame.there's no problem. don't worry mr. barkley, the professor can fix anything.yeah he can fix anything.that's right he can fix it.it's hopeless.the part that goes on here is missing.any luck professor..oh, there's no way to make this transmitter work without that missing part.well, isn't there some, substitute we can make.maybe the batteries dead.gilligan what's the matter..well maybe gilligan's dead.gilligan..what did you do.gilligan sticks the screwdriver in again with the same results.gilligan will you stop that.how did you do with barkley.oh it was like talking to a stone wall.yeah it was like talking to a stone wall.i mean i begged with him, i pleaded with him iiii even offered to belt his brains out.he begged with him, he pleaded with him, amamamamamam.that's enough gilligan.well there's no doubt mr. barkley removed that part.i'm afraid mr. barkley has removed a vital part.i ordered him to put it back but he just laughed.mr. barkley's attitude is quite simple to understand.well its based on money.island, he'll forfeit the ten thousand dollars.talk to him all you want mr. howell, but he won't listen.he's a most stubborn man.all he wants to do is get that ten thousand dollars.greed mr. howell, makes people do strange things.the skipper said, that you wanted to see me.uhhmm, you bet i am.you got to be kidding.forget it.forget it. this stuff wouldn't even pass for stage money.lady, don't try and kid me.skip it.phony money. or the rhinestone ring you're wearing.or dime store pearls.and he thinks the howell's money is phony, and their jewelry imitation.i don't think so. we tried everything. the skipper even threatened to, beat him up.maybe you didn't use the right weapon.oh yeah. you mean like a throwing knife.noooooo.a blowgun.definitely not.a hand grenade.gilligan what did you have in mind.oh yeah. well i'd better be going ginger.mary ann do you want to go with me.mr. barkley.imagine bumping into you here.well, i was just a, just taking a little walk.oh. a person could get lost here if he didn't know his way around.yeah, i guess he could.i've been here ever so long and i still have all sorts of trouble.and it's been so very very hard without a real man around.mmmhmmm. well unfortunately a, i won't be staying much longer.awe, but you will be here a, few days longer any way won't ya.for the rest of the week.i have a feeling you and i have an awful lot in common.oh, like a, what.well a, you're a man, i'm a woman.oh a, i'm a man you're a woman. beautiful arrangement. how 'bout meeting later.later.barkley ten o'clock.till then.oooo. look, make, that, nine.don't forget the missing part of the transmitter honey.oh forget about that. lets a, say, eight thirty.oh, how 'bout now.wonder full words ginger puts barkley's glasses back on him.uhhuh.forget it.gilligan, got bad news. the whole transmitters gone.character deliberately kept that missing part from us all along.if you're gonna keep talking i'm not gonna be able to hear my favorite radio program.well we can't hear it anyway gilligan.to one question. can you hang on for another fortyeight hours and win all that money..tell my public to hang on, because that's exactly what i'm going to do.oh you've shown rare courage mr. barkley.and i'm sure this is going to make you famous.we must locate him within the next fortyeight hours.well certainly the next fortyeight hours but whawhawhere we gonna look..anywhere. everywhere.we don't have to look.we don't.no, we can stay right here, when he comes back to say good by, we catch him.skipper shhhhhhh.. look up there. there he is.oh. lets yell when we get close to him.what so he can hear us..no, to make sure the people on the radio hear us.something wrong with that idea, but i just haven't got time enough to figure it out.i didn't get that last question sir.radio anxious to see people again.whawhat a, people.any people.for a week is a, is a, tougher, than you think.skipper of the minnow.and gilligan gilligan gilligan.mr. barkley. those voices, are there people with you.aa no sir a, there must be another radio program on this frequency.don't sign off.aa i'm having a small problem this is barkley signing off.hold it barkley. i'll take that.give me that mic.the minnow. there are seven other people on the island besides your mr. barkley.tell 'em about me.i'm sorry to do this barkley but iits all for the best.a, you can't win them all.can i talk can i talk..yes certainly gilligan.skipper oh come on get on with it.here and we'll be wearing carnations. red ones red ones.oh give me that.we'll see you tomorrow. over and out.thank you barkley.how did i sound mr. howell.whanever mind this. ehdid you hear me..whabut you must have heard me.us.skipper. he couldn't of tricked us again.no we're too smart to be tricked again.only little babies get tricked again.thousands, a, nono, the millions, of my fans.transmitter's is going dead a, just pick me up tomorrow as prearranged.it smashed on the rocks.skipper. ohhh.skipper there he goes.now listen carefully. mr. barkley has to come out of hiding soon so he can be picked up.just as long as we don't miss it.well with each of us stationed on a different part of the island we won't.loud.ah, loudly.that too.now lets see if we all understand.we each have an assigned place. we are to, keep alert.and we are to yell if we sight a boat.and to run immediately to where the boat lands. understand.understand. gilligan do you understand that.to stay alert gilligan slaps his face as the professor did.ahhh. yell loudly if we sight the boat, and run to where it lands.gilligan you got it right little buddy.sorry about that chief.gilligan.i'm watching the helicopter take off.you're suppose to be out here looking at the helicopter..gilligan, why didn't you say something..you told me to yell if i saw a boat right.right.know the difference between a boat and a helicopter.that he had no outside contact, during all the time he was on the deserted island.how do you like that.. and he's getting away with it.yeah, to the tune of ten thousand dollars.now if we can just have the transmitter, mr.i don't have the transmitter with me.would be more fun to have you open the secret panel here on the program.what secret panel.transmitter. that's where we put your ten thousand dollars.oh me.the skipper and gilligan are in the clearing looking tired holding a large fishing net.gilligan i give up.me too.thousand dollars, and all day long we've had nothing but bad luck.our usual good luck.you mean bad luck.the hut, then i lost it in the cave. and then, i found it again.you found your secret agent ring.the skipper takes the ring and drops it in the sand and steps on it.ehhhhh. well know you've lost it again.afternoon mr. howell.what are you doing down here.oh no. )