extreme close up of radio the radio is finishing up playing some music.and now stay tune for the news.hey skipper do you want to hear the news.the ill fated minnow made the headlines again today.the minnow, the minnow. the minnow..huh.he said the minnow.huh. what is it.he said the minnow.the minnow.yes the minnow.blame for the loss of the vessel and passengers.the worst storm in history that's what it was.that the captain of the ship, was solely responsible for the disaster.the captain of theme.. gilligan they're blaming me.are as completely incompetent as gilligan quickly turns off the radio.oh.they weren't talking about you skipper.gilligan yes they were talking about me.no they weren't.oh.where you going.i can't face anyone. i mean, i'd be better off dead.no skipper.it's all my fault.skipper..the skipper is seen looking depressed as he makes his way through the jungle.for the shipwreck and the loss of the minnow.and i can't find him. i'm afraid of what he might do.like what gilligan.he might jump off a bridge.gilligan or lay on a railroad track.gilligan.or get hit by a truck.bridge, we don't have a train, we don't have a truck.oh yeah. well there's nothing to worry about.except jumping off a cliff.there's something to worry about.i'll go find him, you tell the others.yeah.you don't really think the skipper would hurt himself do you.ginger when a skipper looses his ship, they take away his captain's papers.but he wouldn't kill himself.have his own ship again. he can never sail at the helm of his own ship.but that doesn't mean he's going to kill himself does it..ginger if you were in the skipper's shoes, what would you do.kill myself.and ginger said she'd kill herself.skipper.this may be the coward's way out but, when a captain looses his ship.skipper.gilligan please be careful. you might trip over this and break your neck.i thought i'd be too late.weave those on the other end of this vine.sure.it's gotta be long enough gilligan to go over the limb of that tree.am glad you're alive. if you were dead i wouldn't know what to say to you.oh, how's your end coming.it's almost done. everybody else is out looking for ya too.i think this will do it.nobody wants to see ya die.will ya hurry it up please gilligan.yeah there it's finished skipper.yeah it's all finish alright. lets go throw it over the limb.here skipper let me do that for ya ok.gilligan's eye's get wide as he now knows what he's been working on.now all we have to do is tie off this other end.do it. i'm not gonna let you do it skipper. i'm not gonna let you do it.well there are other ways.those rocks are hard as a rock.skipper. skipper.ginger don't the skipper is holding ginger by the arms.don't ever scare a guy like that, i could have killed myself.sorry skipper.well it's all right cause, really that's what i had in mind anyway.oh but you mustn't. we need you.ginger, nobody needs me.well i do.oh come on you got, gilligan, you got, mr. howell, you got the professor.married man, and the professor's just interested in my mind.ginger i want to be alone.we are alone.epi don't me that. i mean i want to be alone alone.along beach. you know that, pretty little cove.to do. you're trying to stop me from killing myself and it won't work.mary ann, please. i want to be alone.ok.  you girls win.oh mary ann you did it.the skipper's getting worse.what's he doing now gilligan.he's just sitting in a chair staring straight ahead.of a solitary thing the skipper did wrong.neither can i.that makes three of us.four.safety. how can we convince him that he wasn't at fault.they always solved the mystery by recreating the crime.ginger that's a splendid idea. we could reenact the sinking of the minnow.well sure. the wind the rain the entire storm. well that's a wonderful idea.i don't think it's a marvelous idea.why not.because the first time, we were almost killed.skipper we're sure it wasn't your fault.rules of the sea. the maritime board found me guilty, i must be guilty.oh of what.something wrong. otherwise they wouldn't have found me guilty.all right then. lets try to find out what it was you did that was wrong.but how.. it happened so long ago.we figured out a way, come on.what's all that.voyage from just before the storm hit, until we were beached.i'm lightning and waves.now try and remember every order you gave during that storm.professor well let's give it a try.can go along with it um, maybe we can learn something.now try to remember to give the orders exactly the way you gave on the minnow.now gilligan, now let me see.as i recall, just before the storm hit we had a heading of zero six two.aye, aye sir, zero six two.it was right then that the storm hit.ohp..gilligan we can't outrun this storm.so go below and batten down the hatches.aye, aye sir.there's no below.well pretend there is.it's just about now the wind started to whip up.and the waves started breaking over the ship a few minutes later.the waves are ready professor.gilligan the storm is getting worse.aye, aye sir.no gilligan. not you, the boat.it was right now where the waves came over the bow.ginger i said the bow.huh..bow.hey skipper the storm is getting worse now.water. man the pumps. i'll take the wheel.aye, aye sir.skipper. we're heading straight for the reef. right for the reef.i know. i know.we're gonna be dashed to pieces.i order to avoid the reef. heave ho with the anchor.aye, aye sir.something's wrong gilligan. we're still moving.yeah. and we're headed for the rocks.are you all right..skipper did you find out what went wrong..i think so.board, was the anchor line attached to it.anchor line attached.  anchor line. what anchor line.oh, well, nobody's perfect.gillig.i'll never bother anybody ever again.gilligan little buddy, we've been looking all over for you.yeah. well now that you're here, why don't you sit down and give me a hand.problems. yyyou're just a little upset right now.it's got to be long enough to go over that limb over there.too hard. you've got to face up to everything you know.you got to make sure it's very strong.boy, people are sure gonna be glade to see that you're ok when we get back.it's long enough.i can hardly wait to see 'em when you come walking back into camp hahaha.here let me do that for you gilligan.the noose falls right in front of the skippers face. he now knows what gilligan's been working on.gilligan.thanks i'll handle it from now on.no. i won't let you do it.but i lost the minnow.gives orders, it's his duty to see that they're carried out.but it was my fault.gilligan, we both failed. in fact, there's only one way out for both of us.you want to go first.sure gillino i don't mean this gilligan.'bout the cliff.. i'll push you over and then you push me over.what i mean is, there's only one thing left for us to do.what's that.i think i got everything.the island is, the only honorable thing to do i guess.now comes the sad part.sad part.saying goodbye.oh yeah. goodbye skipper.goodbye gilligan.gilligan you're coming with me.mr. howell it is not ridiculous.and we'll give you all my furs, won't we thurston.no mr. howell now we've got to go now come on gilligan.me too.goodby mr. howell, epmrs. howell.goodbye mrs. howell. goodbye mr. howell.goodbye gilligan. doh. gilligan. come on.oh i keep forgetting.we're leaving now.well i wish there was something i could say to make you stay.it's our duty.oh i won't let you go.oh, sorry ginger, but we are going.goodbye and, try to remember us as we were, not as we am.goodbye gilligan, skipper.goodbye professor, goodbye ginger, goodbye mary ann, goodbye skipper.goodbye gilligan.gilligan please lets go. bye.well gilligan, this is where we're going to spend the rest of our lives.gilligan maybe we won't live that long.hey skipper.yes gilligan.if we went back now, what would the maritime board do to us.way ever since man has been sailing the seven seas.i bet it was worse in pirate days huh.much.hey skipper.right across your bow, what would you do.go to sleep.skipper gilligan will you go to sleep...in those days. out in the ocean in a, big sailing ship.far from land. surrounded by pirates.don't push.gilligan.don't push me.gilligan wake up it's me the skipper.hook and gilligan finally realizes it was a dream.hew what a dream.and with additional information, the maritime board reconvened.listen. an important announcement about the minnow.approaching storm, and the captain had gilligan is listening intently.how 'bout that..as a result, the maritime he's hanging on every word.bringing it up. come on gilligan lets go.night here, we wouldn't of made the hut so solid.you better run. and you better run fast.gilligan is pretending to be the skipper as he sails the boat.all hands on deck and that means you gilligan.aye, aye sir.cast off. look alert. look alert. all right there. left rudder.right rudder. steady as she goes. full speed ahead.oh, looks like a storm up there. yep a regular cloud burst.to pitch. the waves are coming over the bow.abandon ship.abandon ship.abandon ship.it, when i say abandon ship, you really abandon ship. hahahaha. )