to notices the sound of the helicopter but is unaware what it is.sure is a lot of static today.must be a big storm some place, might as well turn it off.hey. hey. hey we're rescued.hey mister am i glad to see you.my name's kincaid, jonathan kincaid.we.. you mean there's other people on this island besides you.you please radio hawaii and tell'em to come pick us up..wa..wa..what a minute. do you have any game on this island.no no i mean do you have any wild goat or wild boar.all on the islandi've got to go tell the others.it's very interesting.  ramoo we're going hunting.what you not hear. no game on island.perhaps not the four legged kind.position and the boat will be here tomorrow morning at ten o'clock.piles of spaghetti and then i'm going to have dinner..well ramoo, which one will be our victim.ramoo think not difference.with a challenge.  somebody that's nimble, agile.who that one.every one of them to find out who will give me the best run for my money.need any help.are you aa hunter mr. howell.utterly fantastic. you must have been pleased.well you farm people have to stay in good condition.fifteen seconds..oh that's nothing.  i once ran a hundred yards in ten seconds.ten seconds..huh hum, i was being chased by a hollywood producer.p h d at twenty five..well i don't want to sound immodest but i was the number one man on my team.really..baseball.basketball.football.hockey.chess.how about you skipper.well mr. kincaid football was my game in high school. i played the line.ohwhat position.no positioni was the line.gilligan you got a pretty good back field too.thanks a lot gilligan.all for he's a jolly good fellow.speech.thanks you, thank you very much.mr. kincaid there isn't any game on this island.oh yes there is, you see i'm planning on hunting one of you.hey that's kind of funny.gilligan, he's not smiling.madame, i assure you i'm not joking.then gun your victim down in cold blood..elude me for twentyfour hours, i'll see that your all returned to civilization.butbut i'm a girl.that's quite obvious.my dear, shooting you would be like shooting an easter bunny.as for you madame.that early hour your blue blood wouldn't be circulating.as for you, i'd love to let some hot air out of your stuffed shirt.time he's figuring out his next move i'd have him in my bag.now look kincaid, this is a lot of nonsense.skipper. your too big a target.ann or mr. or mrs. howell or the professor.you mean it's gilligan then silently points at himself.ramoo, take him away.now you be careful with him, that's my little buddy.a break for the helicopter and radio for help.that big gun he can't push us around kincaid then pops back form around the hut.have any ideas about using the radio forget it, i have the tubes.mean about shooting me tomorrow. isn't that a laugh.yes it does have it's humorous side.oh i'm great mr. howell. you have mr.sure. they like me.not going to do anything.  kincaid just looks on without saying a word.mr. kincaid say something. say anything mr. kincaid.no.no.you don't seem to understand. i'm not interested in money.stop looking so glum, after all you've got a fiftyfifty chance.fiftyfifty..yes, whether you get it through the heart or between the eyes.your life, but the lives of your friends.going to give you a fifteen minute head start.  go..did you say fifteen or sixteen minutes.you just lost ten seconds.oops.bang.going to blast me into confetti. how long have i been running.five minutes. he hasn't even started after me yet.well i must leave now. somewhere out there in the jungle your little friend is waiting.before i die of gun shotoh i'm so thirsty i got to get some water.poor gilligan, eleven hours and he's still running.i'd be happy if he was still alive and walking.your not mary ann your mary poppins.never the less she's right. what we need is positive thinking.gilligan's name on it. that guy'll never catch'em. my little buddy is too fast.and cunning.and shifty.and smart.yeah.ramoo.aaaaaaaah.guarding us that's the fact gilligan got through the night.we've got to escape and go help him.six more hours.with even dynamite and a steam shovel it would take a month.i'm afraid we're stuck right here.well think of me. i'm three times as big as you are i feel three times as useless.stop. where you go..no have mother.no have ogligations.do not make ramoo stab you.quick professor a rope. i think we've been liberated.the question isn't who. i know who's gonna get it. the question is when where and how.oh skipper anybody.kincaid. no.now to get my trophy.gilligan. little buddy.gilligan.keep going. run.run gilligan.keep going.run.i'm sorry ramoo not scare woman.you natives are too tender hearted.yeah it's to bad.come on we'll pick up his trail again.i'll brush the foot prints away from gilligan's roots.good idea.area.  how you doing in there gilligan.i'm so nervous my knot holes are shaking.little buddy we're gonna take off now.shhhhhi think i hear somebody coming.quiet gilligan.huh.here and i have a feeling he's somewhere near by.where.ramoo, did you thoroughly clean my rifle.ramoo think so.that gilligan is hiding in. he draws a poor bullseye on the tree.youryouryouryour not going to shoot that tree are you..why not.season.  besides, what kind of target is a tree.even scratch it, it'll bring you twentyfive years of bad luck.that's exactly right, honestly, it's worse luck than breaking three mirrors.that's nonsense now get out of my way.can't you do anything right, i told you to draw me a target.ramoo draw target. i do again.ah no that's alright.  i'll just put a bullet right in the center of that tree.shooting a tree. why don't you shoot gilligan.shoot gilligan stead of a tree.yes that'sthat'sthat's one of our favorite trees.ramoo, i think the tension is getting to be too much for them.yes.my malaria must be coming back.it's gilligan.epepep you shoot that gun it'll be murder.the alarm. it's twentyfour hours.gilligan is saved.doesn't keep his word. come on ramoo let's go home.about us.. you said you were going to radio for help.out i was hunting a human being they'd put me in jail.buwe won't tell anyone.sorry chaps can't take that chance.well, the main thing is that gilligan is still alive.yes, my little buddy.gilligan little buddy, you can calm down now.really..really little buddy. you don't know how close you came to getting killed.really..that close.that close..that's right.timber.listening to the radio as they sit at the table in the center of the hut.ha.hathatthat makes three hundred thousand and twelve bananas that you owe me.hundred and sixty mangos your owe me from playing gin.hey, that was the guy that was chasing me last month.yeah.professor that's remarkable shooting.you did it again little buddy. )