lagoon by way of the lagoon inlet. in the canoe can be seen several natives.what do they think this is a freeway..i got'em i got'em tie'em up tie'em up.outrigger's doing here..but professor epif they're so primitive, how did they get this.it means they must have contact with civilization.your highness.is this your lighter.highness. would you mind telling where you got it.you mean ships land on your island.ahno thank you, i'm a, waltz man myself.no i don't think so.come to think of it i do need the practice.are you ready for this.makes me sick. i mean after all who'd make a better goddess than me.who.you..i'm surrounded by ego maniacs.your majesty.your highness, guess what i found..the goddess, winomi.heh, looks like we all came off the same rack.why don't you try, eeny meeny miney moe.oh now i've seen everything. you a goddess..and i know by whom. what i want to know is by how much.more than enough.girls remember the big picture. we're going to be rescued.hey skipper, i never knew volcanoes could get married.you mean ginger or mary ann.don't like your rules so the game is over.that's right. we'd like to get you a white goddess but, you play too rough..i'm sorry this store is closed, try another market.nice going little buddy.thank you.your welcome.definitely.say those natives took it better than i thought they would.i wonder where they went.i don't know.they've got poisonous blow guns.now i know what they went for.poison or no poison, your going to get one of our girls over our dead bodies.oh skipper, can we lay down now.only three of them and there's four of us.use your head skipper, just one poison dart and it would be three against three.skipper gilligan.none.the only way to do that is to give 'em a white goddess.well they're not getting one of our girls.maybe they'd settle for a girl gorilla or something.mr howell a gorilla..no no no, as a woman.did i hear you right..why not.. one of us could dress as a woman and volunteer to go with them.yeah and get thrown in a volcano.could follow in a raft and keep watch at a safe distance.oh and keep checking on any visiting ships that might be at their island.you have a better idea.what is it.you need any help.afraid ii just killed your living girdle.come on out, let me have a look at you.well turn around.well what do you think.well ahyou've got nothing to worry about if they throw you the a volcano.i don't..ehno it would through you right back.mary ann. i'd like your candid opinion.two things.hohohoho, well i must say you two are a gruesome twosome.you know i don't think this is going to work.now wait a minute.he catches the sight of three grown men in woman's dresses and begins to chuckle.i'd hate to judge this beauty contest, because nobody'd win.he might be able to pull it off.oh no. i'm not gonna dress up like a girl.oh yes you are, and that's an order.gilligan you can't make me, you can't make me.gilligan if i ever saw a white goddess you are it.yes i think that this just might work.who ever heard of a goddess named gilligan.why don't you call her gilliana. what am i says..they're killing me. i don't see how women wear them.king killiwani heh.charmed i'm sure. they tell me your looking for a white goddess.marmarried. i'm not even engaged.well couldn't they come to my place.shell necklaces on each arm. the guard and gilliana approach the king for the ceremony.continues. the king starts to place a sea shell necklace on gilliana with each incantation.don't hurry on my account.psssst. gilligan gilligan is startled.oh it's you skipper.keep up the good work your doing great.i have a feeling the worst is yet to come.your right, he's coming up the path now.skipper don't leave me.i'm not gonna leave ya, don't worry about a thing i'm just a whistle away.oh good.who is it.ahcome in.yes i know.the volcano. i don't think we're meant for each other.your not gonna throw me in the volcano..your not so bad yourself.how do you mean.the  as i walk down the street.girls, mr. and mrs. howell we've got to do something and do it quick.it's the king, he's getting fresh with gilligan.the other island is offththe rescue is off.that fruit over to him, keep him busy for a while.never mind, please.how 'bout you mr. howell can you do anything.well fine well why don't you go get it.aren't you married.i'll show you something prettier.nonono not passion fruit.i think i'll have a banana.oh well ahif you ahchange your mind let me know.your mother must have a very big fat finger.i'm sorry but my nose isn't pierced.why don't we wait till we know each other better. here here take a bite.entertainment time.look who thinks he's greta garbo.mary ann and now.for your pleasure.the great.the super stupendous.yea. yea. yea. yea. yea. yea.no no no no no no no no. i'm not the kind of girl you think i am.you catch me i'll give you a great big kiss.you close your eyes and count to ten.no no no no not so fast. we women can run around fast in heels.four.four.four.found out sooner or later i wasn't a girl.i hate being a girl, besides he was touching my knee.mr. howell it's no use.i don't think so look.book. gilligan is tying the ropes of the upper hammock.i'm writing this adventure up in our log.king, king.thanks a lot gilligan.where you going with that..i'm outing it outside with the rest of your stuff.what's going on here..well i was a white goddess right..well yeah wai guess you could say that.and a goddess is royalty right..well yes i guess so.well you don't expect us royalty to live with you commoners do you.oh gilligan you put that chest down right now.yes sir. )