supposed to be on sentry duty. we see the skipper emerge from one of the huts.all right folks it's time.evening ladies.good evening skipper.no cause for alarm gilligan, it's the skipper.tends to be triggerhappy. he shoots first and asks questions later.gilligan is everything all right.gilligan.gilligan..halt or i'll shoot..oh hi skipper.we're terribly sorry to wake you when you're on sentry duty gilligan.oh that's all right.all right folks, flare time.but we don't know there isn't one either.everybody gather over here now. keep your fingers crossed.about a hundred and fifty.everybody ready.now lets pray that somebody saw our signal.why i don't think any of us has.except gilligan. oh.gilligan.halt.well you folks may as well turn in.i'll have a talk with our sentry. that is if he can stay awake long enough.good night ladies.gilligan how many bullets have you got left in that gun.one.see.what did you want to talk to me about skipper.gilligan, sentry duty is a sacred trust.well you can depend on me skipper.most important thing of all, you've got to keep a constant look out for ships.aye, aye sir.watch that ocean like a hawk.like a hawk sir. if there's a ship out there i'll see it.if there's a ship out there it's in trouble.huh.the oceans this way.oh. i thought that seaweed looked awful tall.gilligan. are you really wideawake.wideawake sir.no more sleeping on your post.no more sleeping sir.good man. now i'll see you in the morning.in the morning sir.good night.good night sir.halt who goes.friend.or.foe.ata boy gilligan. nice to see that you're still awake at your post.night skipper. not even once. not even one little teeny weenie.oh give me that gun.can i go to bed now huh skipper.certainly gilligan. you've earned a rest.thank you sir.area, i want you to take a nap and that's an order.thank you sir.now let's get inside and rustle up some breakfast.thanks a lot gilligan.gilligan watch your head skipper.hey look.we been robbed.robbed..somebody broke in here last night.i think you're right skipper.gilligan if you were wideawake on your post how could somebody get in the hut..i guess they must have picked the lock on the back door.there is no back door.oh then they came in through the window.there is no window.how 'bout down the chimney.gilligan. why don't you admit it. you were asleep on guard duty.only during the robbery.ohhhh. get out of here.well move..thanks again gilligan, now come on.  got to tell the others about this.morning ladies. professor.skipper.hi.there may not be any breakfast. thanks to sleeping beauty here, we been robbed.robbed..yes, somebody broke into the supply hut.there's only one answer. there must be someone else living on the island.you're right professor.well it could be an animal.you're right ginger.no. flashlight and a flare gun. those things are only useful to a man.you're right mary ann.it could be someone wanted by the police.you're right again professor.gilligan will you cut that out. everyone can't be right.skipper.what..you're right too.hey do you really think it was an escaped convict.for our own safety, i suggest we start an immediate search.that's a good idea professor. come on gilligan.if we had to get marooned on an island, why didn't we pick manhattan.can't i go along with you and the professor on the manhunt.no gilligan i want you to stay here with mr. howell and guard the women.most of all we've got to get that flare gun back.it is an escaped convict or a vicious killer, he might be dangerous.convict. i'm afraid it's something much worse.something much worse..yes i think its voodoo.voodoo..shhhhhhh. lets not upset the women.lets not upset the men either.gilligan. for which there's only one explanation.voodoo..voodoo.think of it, ever since we got to this island, we've had nothing but bad luck.i thought we all agreed it was me.no gilligan, voodoo.oh.people into hyenas, and baboons and all kinds of wild jungle animals.oh sorry sir.thank you very much.evil spirits are spawned in these waters gilligan.and they cast their black spell, over all those who invade their domain.ready skipper.that's all right i was scared already.i.i think we better be going professor.right.with you. a gun and a rabbit's foot. one doesn't work, use the other.but skipper.we don't have any bullets for this gun.well you know that and i know that but the killer won't know it..i'm all a glow.neither have i.that's what i am thinking.there.yeah, cute huh. i made it myself.i had to have something to put my makeup in.there's nothing in there but berries.lipstick, the blue berries are shadow and the black berries are mascara.what's there to worry about.turns out to be a man, he can do the worrying.stop stop.i just set a trap for the prowler.so did i.how does yours work.supply hut, his foot hits the stick, goes into the loop and tchoooo.if it is a man. you never know what an evil spirit might look like.evil spirit.what are you talking about.oh nothin nothin at all.gilligan are you.i'm trying not to tell you something.all right let me put it this way. what is it that you're trying not to tell us.please stop asking so many questions huh.now, stay away from this area huh girls.oooooooo.oh skipper help.all right, i won't put my foot in that noose.oh skipper help. owwwwww.mr. and mrs. howell.i just thought i'd check on you folks.hey what's that.gilligan...hey it's the skipper. i better go see what he found out.skipper.. skipper where are you..over here gilligan.where.right here gilligan.i see you found my trap.yes i did.works pretty good huh.works fine. works just fine.oh good it had me pretty worried. i didn't think it was going to work at all.anything. until i get down out of here now get me down out of here.....don't salute me. get me down from here..killer.help. help.oh skip.ma.ma.ma.ma..what is it..ma.ma.ma.ma.a monster.a ma.in the hut. something in the.a monster. a monster.gilligan get a hold of yourself. i can't understand what you're.a monster. a monster in the supply hut.a monster in the hut, all right. just a minute. let's go and investigate.careful, careful careful.you got'em. well.. well..now gilligan what ever it was that attacked you is gone.no no.you must have been dreaming.no no no no dreaming.gilligan get a hold.tell us.monster, eight feet tall came out of nowhere and he attacked me.now hear this professor.voodoo.. oh come now skipper i'm a science teacher.you can't ask me to believe in a thing like voodoo.i knew a sailor once who said that to a witch doctor.awe skipper.three three nine nine three. that was the sailor's serial number.i think i'm through too.gilligan.don't we call off the search and go back to camp.to be rescued. gilligan, only a coward would quit at a time like this.oh. well would it be all right for the cowards to quit and go back to camp.night, there is a simple logical explanation for it.probably nothing more than a monster.gilligan there is no such thing as a monster, will you believe that.i'll try sir.place you'll ever find a monster is in your mind.and in the supply hut.if we split up. i'll go this way and you go that way.don't we just stay together and kind of go this way.resulting in withdrawal syndromes. do you know what means.i'm chicken.you see what's off in that direction and i'll meet you back at camp.jungle. he's not sure where he's at, and then suddenly he loses his footing and trips.what's the big blaze about skipper, it's hot enough.nothing like a good fire to keep the bugs away.mosquitoes, moths, zombies, vampires.fool knows that wolf bain is only used against werewolves.maybe so, but a glaring mistake like that makes the whole picture unbelievable.no, i was up for a part. but i was the wrong blood type.hi.hi.hi professor. did you find anything.no, i must have walked twenty miles, didn't see a thing.where's gilligan.i thought he'd be here. i was lost for the last couple of hours.i don't know. well maybe we better go look for him before it gets to late.never find his way back here. tell you what, we'll split up into three groups.a monkey.. what's he doing in gilligan's clothes..speak to me little buddy. speak to me.that's not gilligan. that's a chimp.it's happened. i should have never let him go into the jungle.that's not gilligan skipper.of course not. voodoo is just a lot of suppositious nonsense.oh it is huh.. well i'll bet gilligan has a different story to tell.oh don't try to talk now gilligan. you been through too much.mr. howell its voodoo.like to have a minute alone with my little buddy here.please.gilligan.these clothes you won't need'em, in this condition. we'll give up the sea.gilligan. gilligan wait a minute. i didn't mean to hurt your feelings.gilligan come back. wait. gilligan. come back. wait a minute little buddy.skipper..skip.oh what happened, huh.it's voodoo. you were right.rather not talk about it huh.you can check it if you like.did ya tell'em back at camp what happened yet.you have a laugh on him when he sees you've.oh no skipper i wasn't laughing at you.skipper. skipper.gilligan.skipper.gilligan..ahhhhh..skipper. the monster. help the monster help.let go of me. let go.gilligan, you're all right..so are you..i guess that spell doesn't last huh..the witch doctor turned out to be a quack..oh gilligan, this is the happiest moment of my life.yeah.i meant. did you really understand me little buddy..uh, not exactly, could you understand me..well.not everything, but.well come on let's tell the others about it..come on.  come on.in the jungle, then we were running back to.hey it's a chimp.careful it's got the flare gun.why give me that.don't scare'em. if we loose that gun we can't use the flares.i'll get it get behind me get behind me..cause.cause you're my little pal. aren't ya huh little pal.don't point it.no.stop laughing. it's not funny i.i want the gun. come on, throw me the gun.what do you mean no..hey skipper, throw me a banana huh.yeah.ready. i'll give it to you. if you give me the gun.give me the gun, i'll give you the banana. here we are.here's the banana.way to go little buddy.i hope it still works.oh sure it does see..oh. don't pull the...trigger.the flares are in there..oh i'll save 'em.wait gilligan..it's too late.ooooo,oooooo gilligan..there gilligan.well, at least we know the flare gun works.oh gilligan.howell's can be readily heard while the others are indistinct.gees it looks beautiful.hey gilligan where are you..hey what's the big idea.well, maybe we should keep it this way.oh gilligan. don't be silly.come on over here.gilligan i want you to know you're forgiven.now i may spout off at you, but you're at the top of the list with me.means to me.  coming from a man i'll always look up to.you mean that little buddy.. you'll really always look up to me..way up.gilligan get me down. )