and only the lower half of the bare foot skipper is seen walking outside the hut.ehhh.guadal canal.ehhh.squadron command. do you read me. come in squadron command come in.bandits at ten o'clock. look out. hit the deck.hewww.that was a close one.you're telling me.are you ok lieutenant.yeah. lieutenant.skipper.transmitter's been knocked out sir.harris, give me that radio manual.connect remaining circuits by plugging.ready to convert the radio into a transmitter lieutenant.give me a screwdriver ferguson. quick man a screwdriver.now give me the wire cutters.ready to transmit sir.divebombers at twelve o'clock. jump men.aye, aye sir.run for your lives.gilligan.you're soaking wet.i know, the lagoon's full of water.what were you doing in the lagoon.you pushed me overboard when the divebombers came at us.what divebombers..the divebombers you were dreamin about.tools..yeah.this a screwdriver, and these pair of wire cutters.boy you had a real nightmare out there.gilligan. i have not been out of this hammock.you've been walking in your sleep.i have.certainly. and when you fell in the water it woke you up.oh is that what happened.i'm afraid not.now why don't you go back to sleep, and no more divebombers tonight, huh.yes sir.oh gilligan.you'd better wipe those wire cutters off before they get rusty.flight. open up that golden gate cause san francisco here i come.calculations, she should be passing right over our island.well there must be someway we can contact her.but how..i got it. i've got it.. what we need is a big roaring fire.yes.a big roaring fire on a hot day like this..good chance that woman flyer will pass right over this island.skipper. we're saved we're saved..to try and figure out someway to attract her attention.i know, i'll take off my shirt, jump, and yell and wave it.at five thousand feet. how do you suppose she'll see you..i'll stand on your shoulders.that's good gilligan. that's very good.even better idea. we'll build a human tower.human tower.stands on his, i stand on mr. howell's shoulders.ginger will stand on her shoulders and we'll have mary ann at the top.no i think ginger ought to be at the top.why.because she's wearing high heels.i think a signal fires our best bet gilligan.although i don't know if she'll be able to see it through all that nimbus cumuli.yeah, and all those clouds are in the way too.quick. no telling how soon she might pass over.oh, if only i could remember how you fixed the radio last night.what radio.attack, and the transmitter was knocked out.sub chaser. enemy attack. the transmitter got knocked out.he was walking in his sleep but it turned out he was walking in my sleep.what else happened.today. the whole nightmare seems like a dream.gilligan.gilligan little buddy. you said i fixed the radio. how did i do it.you turned it into a transmitter.i remember. it happened at guadal canal.no it happened over there by the lagoon.enemy fighters. i had to do something fast.skipper let me tell it. it was my dream.you mean it's possible to convert a radio into a transmitter.sure. it's simple, all you need is a screwdriver and a pair of wire cutters.got'em right here sir.it's a simple procedure. it's just a matter of reversing the circuits by ah.i don't know.but you must have seen something.i didn't even see the divebombers. next thing i knew i was swimming for my life.think skipper, come on, think.how did you convert that radio..i don't remember.i know, i'll go back to sleep and get on the boat a little earlier this time.please gilligan that was my dream last night not yours.but you told.i know what i told you but i was wrong.looks like i owe you an apology little buddy.me overboard, i would have been blown to bits..has something to do with the main coil.main coil.it's no use. i can't sleep with somebody watching.all right skipper. you try it on your own.only thing you have to worry about is getting to sleep.thanks gilligan.you got seven lives depending on you sir.that's a big responsibility for one man.so relax and go to sleep.lets go gilligan.you don't have to tip toe gilligan. i'm not asleep yet.well you'd better hurry sir. that woman's going to be flying over at any time.i'm doing the very best i can.about the trouble we're in. you'll never get to sleep with that on your mind.i sure hope he gets to sleep.want you to stand guard. make sure nobody gets in there and disturbs the skipper.right, nobody.that includes you.especially me, i'm the worst of the whole bunch.i think i'm going to lay down. i'm beat.shhhhhh.no noise gilligan, the skipper's almost asleep.oh..when the wind blows the cradle will..fall, and down will come baby cradle.and all..this is alice mcneal in the vagabond lady saying aloha.signals coming in a lot stronger now.please gilligan. just a little slower.skipper. how 'bout a nice warm cup of coconut milk to make you sleep.already. i never want to see another coconut, or a lamb chop.lamb chop.i also count nineteen thousand sheep today.i've got to be alone with my thoughts.oh that poor man is a nervous wreck.sleep. what he needs is something to make him relax, calm him down.wish we had some tranquillizers.yeah tranquillizers.wait a minute. mr. howell may have some.yea i'll go ask him.hi mrs. howell, mr. howell.could i borrow some please it's very important.yes sir.that's perfectly all right take the whole.plenty more plenty more.thank you sir.hi mary ann have you seen the professor.is it dinnertime already.mr. howell. i want to put a couple in the skipper's mango juice.that aught to calm him down and get him to sleep.mary ann, will you give this back to mr.i got to go get the skipper..the tree of time.do do, do do, da da,da da.mmmmm.what smells so good.burn the other side i think it might be better.what are these for.might be just what he needs.ooooo.i thin you need to burn the fish a little more.hi girls.say, you seen gilligan.well no, i just wanted to see if he got the a.got the what.oh nothing nothing.please skipper.my fat. just not hungry. i am.i.i, leave me alone.please skipper, why don't you sit down and take it easy skipper.sit right here skipper.all right i'll sit down.here skipper have some mango juice. it'll make you calm.oh yeah good idea.thank you, i don't want any mango juice.thirsty.  mary ann, how's the fish coming along.ready in just about a minute. here have some mango juice.i don't want any mango juice. please now just leave me alone i want think.trying to remember.hey tranquilizers. couple of these ought to put me to sleep.no.oh no skipper i don't think you should..ooop.here's to an early rescue..th.the vagabond lady.th.th.get him to the beach.skipper, skipper. put up your arms like you did before. here.that four tranquilizers could produce this much of an affect.six.ten.and he's out.craft headed toward the beach as the battle rages.cork as you plow through the crashing waves toward the distant shoreline.i think i've got him hypnotized.  now everybody remember your parts.first chance i've had to act since we been ship wrecked and what am i playing.this is a real test for you ginger. you don't look a bit like him.thanks gilligan.all right men, we're heading for the beach.battle stations everybody. sing out when i call your name. wilcowski.here.macenerny.lefcoawitz.what's the matter with your voice..here.ferguson.entwhistle.here.that's was real good ginger. you sounded just like him.we're heading in. harris, keep your head down.harris is the one with the radio manual.to have a hot reception when we hit the beach.all right come on folks, battle noises.testing, one two three four.one two three four.nothing. still doesn't work.are you sure you wrote those instructions down correctly.i'm positive.are you sure you dreamed the instructions correctly.this any more she's probably out of range by now.yes i'm afraid so.gilligan you got the sentry duty i'm going to turn in for a while.ok skipper.so am i. good night.good night.testing one two three four.hello hello can anybody hear me.nice to talk to you young man.who's that..this is alice mcneal in the vagabond lady.were you are. i got to go tell the skipper. na.now don't go away. please.hey skipper.what happened. did you see her plane..no no. skipper. it's working it's working.what's working.the radio i fixed it. i just talked to that lady flyer.you what..honest. i'm not dreaming or anything. and i figure, you better do the talking.but how could you have fixed the radio..oh it was easy. all i did was hit it like this.come to think of it. i guess i dreamed the whole thing.of course you did.nice to have talked to you down there.the skipper is sound asleep in his hammock as we hear rockabybaby playing.shhhhhhh. the skippers finally asleep.quiet.shhhhhhhhh.no no no no no.no no no.oooohhhhhh. )