cowling to see if it's real. he's absolutely beside himself and can hardly believe what he's seeing.oh oh i gotta tell somebody. oh. oh boy. oh boy.stay right here. don't go away. oh boy. oh boy. oh boy.how we doing professor..well it'sit's remarkable.must have landed here twenty five or thirty years ago, it's remarkable.bubut can we get it off the ground..well ii don't know i'm not sure.awe it's too bad i couldn't find a brand new plane that could fly.yeah, and great big powerful jet pilot.you know something. i believe this engine can be repaired if i could fix the fuel line.then we're saved. we can fly it outta here.there's only one problem gilligan. none of us knows how to fly.ah we could learn. because the skipper was on an aircraft carrier.oh a lot of good that'll do us gilligan i was a cook.my room mate was a stewardess.you see with all that experience we can do it.gilligan we haven't got enough experience to fly a kite.do it. we'd be better off salvaging the parts of the plane.oh well, it was a peachy idea while it lasted. see ya.professor, don't you think it's worth a chance.and that's all you'd get gilligan, one chance.clean off the tail gear, gilligan you get that cockpit cleaned out.alright i'll have a look at this instrument panel.instru what..the instrument panel.oh.over here.say, this instrument panel is in pretty good shape.good. then our chances are better huh.hey hey look at this.the spirit of the bronx.that's right. the one that he used on his round the world trip.i read all about him. he was a great pilot.that was pretty good for those days.i guess that's how he got his nick name huh.regardless he still did a lot for aviation.and at least he was a pilot. for my money i wish he was here right now.wrong way. your alive..wellbuthow did you manage all these years..are youare you really wrong way feldman..oh i'm gilligan mr. feldman sir.thank youah thank you ah this is mrs.wrong way oh madam you are beautiful.and that's mr. howell.stranded on the same island with wrong way feldman. oh we sure are lucky.your an amazing man. how did you manage to survive all these years..scotch.. where did you get the scotch..gasoligasoline.. you had gasoline..well why didn't you fly out of here..spare parts i salvaged from the boat i might be able to fix it.well i'll certainly give it a try.mr. wrong way. you're the best thing that ever happened to us.that's right men we've got much work to do.professor this bolts the wrong size see if there's some others in the tool box will ya.alright skip.and some go even faster.and you missed the second world war.do you remember the first world war.he was good huh.sure is a great story. he must have been decorated.why.it's no good professor, these bolts just aren't usable.i've got an idea.i got some rusty bolts here. you got any penetrating oil wrong way.good, lets go get it. with luck we should be through here in a couple of hours.gilligan. would you mind coming here a moment.hey skipper. can i go with wrong way.don't you want to help me little buddy.oh yes sir.thanks a lot gilligan, now would you mind checking that rear wheel i think it's loose.yes sir.i'll lift the tail.well..yeah it's a little loose.how loose..this loose.of the plane so we can put the wheel back on...i'll get that rock over there.i can't move it skipper.would you like me to help you gilligan..yeah that's a good idea.oh gilligan..gilligan is trying to help the skipper keep the plane up, but his efforts are unrewarding.put it down now gilligan.it's resting on the ground.gilligan you think it's on the ground.skipper. skipper.. skipper...wrong way.wrong way.wrong way.wrong way. i meant on the plane.well, i'll sit on your lap.well you can sit on my lap.back to hollywood. if i don't get back to hollywood soon, my career will be ruined.think it over wrong way.yes sir.well thank you wrong way. everyone's  worked very hard.call my agent and his wife, who ever he's married to this week.yes sir.check.check.check.standing by.gilligan yes sir.standing by.gilligan contact.yeh..yeh..wrong way. are you alright.gilligan cut the motor..yes sir.your right. someone's tampered with this strut. and it was no accident.somebody sabotaged this plane.yeah and they cut the strut too.that's nonsense. who'd want to wreck the plane..maybe there's someone else on this island that we don't know about.and soon. i'm practically all out of mascara.well somebody sabotaged this plane.and cut the strut.chances. we men will stand a twenty four hour guard around the plane.gun. so use this bow and arrow for protection.don't worry skipper i'll guard the plane.there you see. now that's for protection.yeah.now don't let anyone near the plane cause we don't know who wrecked it. not anyone at all.skipper ok.i'll relieve you in a couple of hours little buddy.yes sir.who's there..me.who's me..it's me.stay where you are me. how do i know it's you..your right it's not me it's the count of monte cristo.i knew it.gilligan it's the skipper i forgot my lantern.say something the skipper would say.put down that bow and arrow you idiot or i'll break you in half..yep it's the skipper alright.i wonder where wrong way is. he said he wanted to test the engine.direction if he started for the plane he might've walk straight into the ocean.i'm getting worried. gilligan went after him twenty minutes ago.skipper. skipper. skipper.what is it gilligan.wrong way's gone.what are you talking about..wrong ways gone..skipper are you sure..he must have put up an awful fight.yeah but against what..yeah against what.i don't know, but look here's his scarf.we'll have to spread out and comb the island.doh.waaahhhh. wrong way..wrong way.. wrong way..boy i'm sure glad i found you.where are the kidnapers huh.no kidnappers.you were kidnapped by a hoax..what...the way you were talking, we all thought you wanted to fly.what about me.. you could teach me to fly.sure.gilligan i can handle it.we'll get started right away. i'll go tell the others.wrong way, your quite a guy and, whether you think so or not, you deserve these wings.who goes there..professor speaks. realizing it's only the professor, the skipper is very much relieved.far. ah gilligan will be here at six to relieve you.well he's suppose to but then again you never know what gilligan will do.yeah i know.good night skip.good night.i went to turn on the papaya instead of the coconut.my foot asleep.crash...i'm getting out of here..i don't think that planes too safe.good morning professor, i'll stand guard now.skipper. now that it's getting light we can start looking for wrong way again.yeah right.pssst. pssst. hey wrong way.of course.put'em down.i thought that was the brakes.ah don't worry about them trees, off i go into the wild blue yonder.uh oh. uh oh.i can't fly this plane. there's no fruit in hear. i know what i'll do, i got a great idea.wrong way gilligan...i got the banana.you heard it skipper it had to be our plane that took off.wrong way wouldn't leave without telling us.i can't believe it.gilligan.gilligan little buddy are you alright.skipper what happened.i tried to stop him.gilligan what happened..oh it's a long story skipper. but there goes the bravest man i've ever known. next to you.we see the radio sitting on the table as the castaways are standing around it listening to a news report.our great hero didn't leave us much.oh yes he did.i got his wings. )