tongs near a fire while gilligan is kneeling near by blowing on the fire.just a little more gilligan.good, good that's fine.there, that ought to do it.how you doing with the nails professor..we'll know in a few minutes professor skipper.you know i made this from that outcropping of ferrous oxide i found.it looks good enough to get rusty.how 'bout that.it's nothing but the rock and the fire.gilligan.let me see that.oh not your finger, the nail. never mind.it's a nail all right.let's try it out.ready gilligan.ready.hammer.hammer.nail.nail.plank.plank.splinters. ooo ooo.oh i'll take it out for you gilligan.no it's all right ginger.no, i'm pretty good at first aid. i use to go with a doctor.no kidding..so he could pay his way through medical school.ooo i got it.you fingers crossed. this nail works, we can leave the island.surprise as he lets go of the plank, which immediately falls to the ground.maybe we need a softer hammer.be our last chance to get off the island.nails. i told him what was wrong with the last one.gilligan it broke when he hammered it.boat ready for launching. maybe you two could make some rope.gilligan, get another pole. we can prop up this keel.doh.watch your head skipper.thanks gilligan. will you get that pole.aye, aye sir.how 'bout this one skipper..perfect. now get it in here.on the double.gilligan.will you go help someone else..move.hi. another nail.yes. new formula. less brittle. hope this one works.a lot less brittle all right.works fine if you hold it this way.don't feel bad. maybe you invented noodles.i know, why don't i go and help somebody else.hi girls.hi.together, but it ought to make a great christmas ribbon.star, which will guide us out of our desolation.gee that was a beautiful speech ginger.it was from a movie i was in.oh, what was the title.that was the title.oh i'll get it. gilligan can help you with the pancakes.pancakes..sure.like breadfruit, coconut milk and wild duck eggs.well there's lots of tree on the island.yeah.lets try this one here. huh.hmemm.yeah.yeah.oh yeah.yeah, hehere comes the sap.how's it going professor.have to wait till it, cools before i, try it.gee i think it's amazing how you do all those experiments with such shaky hands.well they weren't shaky until a second ago.oh, maybe it's the heat or something.yeah.skipper. skipper this nails ready.good. bring it over, we'll try it out.well, at least we have a nail for the fourth of july.two days left to float her and i still haven't got the right formula.need a miracle now to get off this island.hope you're all hungry.well look at this. pancakes.isn't that wonderful..wonderful ladies.from what. where did you get it.from a tree.very good.well ladies, here's to a new task treat.that's something i like. syrup with a lot a body to it hahahaha.what are these, pancakes or yoyo's..gilligan. where did you get thisthis substance.from a tree.gee, i've seen brand new girdles that weren't as snappy as this.it's getting to be like glue. even worse.yes, it certainly is. it's setting like cement.sure is. look.i wonder. i just wonder. come on.follow me.it worked.it works. it works. its waterproof.i think the professor's flipped his lid.yeah.are you all right professor..i'm fine. we're saved. we're saved.we better get in there before he hurts himself.aye, aye.calm down now.every thing's perfectly all right.oh yeah trunks full, i mean tree trunks full.you found the miracle we've been looking for gilligan.together when you heated it. it's a perfect cement for repairing the boat.it is..be in time to catch that high tide after all.right. it's permanent. it's waterproof.and it tastes good on pancakes too.hey how's it coming. think it'll be ready.just a moment gilligan.do you think it'll work..it'll be ready. will you stand back..now we better let it set for a few minutes skipper.i sure am glad i did something right for a change.the professor tosses gilligan the plate with the glued on pancake.better keep this, smithsonian institute may want it.well, golly thanks folks. this is the happiest day of my life.gee gilligan, you make me home sick for hollywood. and the oscar awards.professor ought to be ready skipper.lets find out.it's permanent. absolutely permanent.oh great.girls start packing the provisions.wait, here i come.skipper, be right back.skipper.yes gilligan.well sir a wella, i was wondering, would you do me a favor.what is it.skipper go on.ah, can i help too sir.why certainly you can help little buddy.yes sir. your whole crew sir. yes sir.for the glue. why don't you go out and get some palm leaves.aye, aye sir.gilligan.what are you hiding.skipper, i got a confession to make. i got a stuck foot.i thought so.please help me huh skipper.remember, when you've done something wrong don't try to hide it.i'll remember.well gilligan you've got to help too.but.put your hand on my shoulder.did you have glue on your hand.that glue went right through my shirt.oh gilligan.skipper you're getting it all over my back.eohooooo.but that's all right. thank you.that's very nice of you.you're welcome.let's try and get up.together.what are you doing..got to get my shoe.never mind that.you're right i don't need my shoe.where you going now..going to get the palm leaves like you told me.gilligan will you get back here..gilligan at least i'm closer to my shoe.gilligan. we have go to be calm and logical. now lets think.right. think.i've got it. what we need it leverage.skipper good idea gilligan.ahhhhhhh.mr. and mrs. howell..yes yes.mr. howell, will you please listen..what's happened.on the boat. what's so fantastic about that.there's nothing on the island to dissolve it.derivative of a organic hydroxide molecule.forgive me. but let me put it this way.wait a minute. wait a minute, perfume.yes, so you do. i'll go check the other girls.ginger.in here professor.the professor grabs her and buries his nose into her neck as though he's being passionate.ginger i've got to sniff your perfume.oh professor. on the day we're leaving.have you got any more of this.professor i think you've had enough.i haven't got time to explain, but where do you keep your perfume.behind my ears, can't you tell.no no no no i mean the bottle, where do you keep the bottle.why in my makeup case.perfume doesn't make men wild. it drives them absolutely batty.skipper.go away gilligan.don't bother me now. i'm regluing the entire boat board by board.gilligan.perfume to dissolve this glue you'd still have us stuck to the boat.yeah, you still smell pretty skipper.oh.skipper can i help. huh.all right gilligan you can help.i'll do any thing you say sir.all right gilligan.i'll glue and paint.yes gilligan. you can help.i'll do everything you say sir. i'll glue it and paint it.gilligan will you cut the out. you can help.thank you sir, i really do appreciate it sir.i said you can help.aye, aye, ayeice bergs.. skipper we're in the tropics.i know, that's why they're hard to find.the skipper raises a brush full of glue at gilligan.gilligan, if you open your mouth once more.anything to say.run along.icebergs..hey, what are you doing here.the pancake to the plate with a grip of steel. see.what happened to the grip of steel..oh my gosh. gilligan's waterproof glue is permanent, but only temporarily.oh. bye.wait. wait. waaaaait.skipper. be high tide in about a half an hour.we're ready to launch.all right girls, we're ready to shove off. mr. and mrs. howell.oh don't worry, he'll be here.what a place to make a movie. don't go away, i may be back.why not..mrs howell he obviously isn't annapolis dear.captain. i must warn you mr. howell can be very stubborn.all right, but hurry it up.champaign.please mr. howell we're gonna miss the tide.skipper. skipper.not now gilligan.not now gilligan, we're having a launching ceremony.professor later.the boats gonna sink.gilligan will you be quiet.the glue won't hold.tide. not lets get down to the boat so we can get on board.stop stop. wait wait.skipper, can ask you something.no you haven't.then believe me. the glue, gilligan blows dust off the plate again.sink.. nonsense.why the old minnow is just a solid as a rock.see..the glue won't last more boards start to springs loose and peel back.oh what's happening to the boat..see..get away from the boat. abandon ship.gilligan, come back here.don't worry skipper, i'll hold her together for you.skipper.get off the boat gilligan.be careful.oh please be careful.gilligan get out of there.look out gilligan. skipper.well, at least i saved the wheel skipper.oh gilligan.the skipper is sitting in a chair by the fire stirring a pot.ah skipper.oh gilligan, sit down a minute.oh but skipper.gilligan i want to have a little talk with you.ok skipper.now gilligan this is most important.for you, we might have been out to sea when that boat fell apart.i'm sure glad we weren't.you're always trying your best, and that's what's important.thanks skipper.is it little buddy that you were trying to tell me.you're sitting on a paintbrush full of glue.oh no.skipper, look on the bright side.the bright side.nobody can ever pull a chair out from under you.you've done it again. )