 . round tidmouth sheds or far away .  . down the hills and round the bends .  . thomas and his friends. .  narrator: the island of sodor is surrounded by beautiful blue sea.  it has fields of green and sandy, yellow beaches.  there are rivers, streams, and lots of trees where the birds sing.  there are windmills and a coal mine and docks where visitors to the island arrive.  the island also has lots and lots of railway lines.  who's that puffing down the track.   it's thomas.  hello, thomas.   hello, everybody.  welcome to the island of sodor.    narrator: today on the island of sodor, we'll see what happens when emily has to work with a new engine.   and we'll share some fun times with edward.   but first, thomas has to collect an important visitor from brendam docks.    it was an important day on the island of sodor.  a new library was going to be open.  everyone was excited.  there was going to be a ceremony with a brass band, a red carpet, and boxes and boxes of books.  all the children and all the grownups loved reading books and listening to stories.  a famous storyteller was going to tell the children a special story.  all the engines wanted to collect the famous storyteller, but sir topham hatt chose thomas.   thomas was excited.  "you must show the famous storyteller the special sights of sodor," he boomed.  "then she could make up a special story for the children.  make sure she arrives at the grand opening on time."  "yes, sir," tooted thomas excitedly.  "i know all the best sights." thomas puffed over to brendam docks.  he wanted to do a good job.  thomas arrived at the docks.  he looked up and down, left and right, and all around, looking for someone famous, but all he could see was a lady with a notepad and a big box of cookies.  "are you the famous storyteller." thomas asked.  "i like to think so," said the lady.  "you must be thomas the tank engine.  will you please show me the sights of sodor."  "of course," tooted thomas happily.  so the famous storyteller hopped on thomas' foot plate and thomas puffed away.  "pirates cove is not far from here.  i shall take you there first," whistled thomas.  pirates cove was full of caves and secret tunnels.  legend had it that pirates used to bury their treasure there.  "you could make up a jolly good story about pirate treasure," whooshed thomas happily.  but on his way there, thomas saw james.  james was in trouble.  "my coupling rod has snapped "and i'm a guaranteed connection.  my passengers have to arrive at maithwaite station on time." "i'm sorry," thomas puffed to the famous storyteller, "i cannot take you to pirates cove.  i have to help my friend." so thomas buffered up to james and his passenger train and chuffed away.  "thank you, thomas," cried james.  thomas arrived at maithwaite just in time.  "the ruined castle is just over the hills," said thomas to the famous storyteller.  "now i will take you there." thomas puffed as fast as he could.  the ruined castle had tall turrets and a great, big door.  the old kings and queens of sodor used to live there.  "you could make up a jolly good story about kings and queens," puffed thomas happily.  but on his way there, thomas saw emily in a siding.  she was looking sad.  she was taking flour to the bakery, but her whistle had broken.  it wasn't safe to work without it.  "i'm sorry," puffed thomas to the famous storyteller, "i cannot take you to the ruined castle.  i have to help my friend." so thomas buffered up to emily and took her to the bakery.  "thank you, thomas," cried emily.  thomas arrived at the bakery just in time.  emily was pleased and thomas puffed away.  "misty valley is not far from here," chuffed thomas.  "now i will take you there." he had heard misty valley was full of magic.  "you could make up a jolly good story about magic," puffed thomas.  but on his way, thomas saw percy.  percy was in trouble.  a river had flooded its banks.  percy was up to his buffers in water and his firebox had gone out.  "i amsorry,"whistled thomas to the famous storyteller, "i cannot take you to misty valley.  i have to help my friend." slowly, thomas chuffed into the water.  the water came right up to his foot plate.  the famous storyteller had to stand on a box of cookies to keep her feet dry.  thomas bravely buffered up to percy and he pushed his friend out.  "thank you, thomas," cried percy.  by now, it was time to go to the grand opening and thomas was late.  "cinders and ashes," whooshed thomas.  "i haven't had time to show any sights at all." thomas arrived at the new library station.  sir topham hatt was waiting.  "we didn't visitanysights," puffed thomas sadly.  "i had to take james' passengers to maithwaite station, "emily's flour to the bakery, and pull percy out of the water." "but it's a wonderful idea for a story," cried the famous storyteller.  "i shall write all about your day, thomas, and how you helped your friends." she was very excited and thomas was delighted.  the famous storyteller cut the red ribbon in front of the new library.  she declared it open.  then the children and the engines all listened as the famous storyteller told them the story of her wonderful adventures with thomas and his friends on the magical island of sodor.   someone new has arrived on sodor.  here are some dots.  if we join these dots we'll see who it is.  can you guess who it might be.  let's join the dots and find out.  off we go.  whoever this is, he has a pointed nose at the front and some small wheels underneath.  there's something long and pointed sticking out from one side.  do you know who this is yet.  here's a triangle shaped tail at the back.  and also something sticking out from the other side.  they look like wings.  who can it be.  that's right, it's jeremy the plane.  welcome to sodor, jeremy.   . .   the island of sodor is a wonderful place.  there are lots and lots of engines.  who's that puffing along the track.  it's edward.  edward is a very fine engine.  he is blue with red stripes.  and has the number two painted on his tender.  he is often called edward the wise.  edward always listens carefully to the other engines.  but one day he listened too carefully to gordon.  rocky the crane had arrived on sodor.  rocky was strong and powerful, but he had no engine.  another engine had to pull him.  gordon called rocky newfangled nonsense.  he snorted that rocky may be new, but he wasn't really useful.  edward always thought gordon was right.  so he agreed with him.  later, edward had to pull flatbeds of heavy poles.  rocky offered to help, but edward didn't want the help of newfangled nonsense.  so he puffed off quickly.  before the poles had been properly tied down.  edward was so busy thinking about rocky that he didn't see the red signal in time.  he screeched to a halt.  and poles tumbled all over the track.   emily and thomas couldn't puff through.  then gordon steamed on to the poles and came off the track.  it was a terrible mess.  luckily edward is a wise engine.  he knew that he and gordon had been wrong to say rocky wasn't really useful.  and now he knew he needed rocky's help.  edward brought rocky to the poles.  and rocky cleared the tracks in no time.  rocky and edward became firm friends.  edward is everyone's friend.  one day edward was chosen for a very special, special.  he was to pull the duke and duchess's furniture to their summer house.  spencer was to take the duke and duchess.  gordon and james wanted edward to race spencer.   edward couldn't let his friends down.  but spencer was faster.  he overtook edward easily.  edward huffed and puffed his hardest.   the duke and duchess stopped to take some photographs.  spencer was so far ahead in the race, he decided to have a rest.   so spencer snoozed and edward puffed.  he puffed right past sleepy spencer and won the race.  edward felt so happy his boiler bubbled.  the other engines were very proud of edward.  and edward was quite proud of himself.  edward is old.  and edward is wise.  wise enough to know that being a really useful engine is very important.  and having really good friends makes every day on sodor a happy day.   each engine on the island of sodor looks different.  can you tell who is who.  this engine is green.  it has large wheels.  in fact the whole engine looks very large.  there's a coal tender at the back.  do you know who it is yet.  here's another clue, on the side is a big yellow number three.  have you guessed.  it's henry.  hello, henry.   this engine is a completely different shape.  the wheels are covered.  it has cow catchers on the front and on the back.  and there are two small windows on each side.  this engine is made of wood.  and it has a big number seven painted on the side.  who could it be.  that's right, it's toby.  hello, toby.   now do you know who this last engine is.  this engine is smaller than henry.  it has flat water tanks on each side, painted in a beautiful bright blue, with bright red stripes.  there are wheel arches at the front and a tall black funnel and a big yellow number one.  who is number one on sir topham hatt's railway.  it's thomas.   hello, thomas.  thomas, toby and henry all look very different, but they're all really useful engines.    emily is a grand, green engine.  she's very proud of her big wheels and her perfect, polished paintwork.  one morning, emily was very excited.   sir topham hatt had told her to work with a new engine.  "i hope he's smart and useful," she whished.  emily met thomas waiting at a signal.  "the new engine is waiting for you at the shunting yards," tooted thomas.  "i can't wait to meet him," puffed emily.  and she chuffed away as fast as her boiler could bubble.  emily steamed into the shunting yards to look for the new engine.    he was the dirtiest little engine she had ever seen.  "hello, emily," whished the new engine happily.  "my name's whiff because i'm a bit smelly.  you're going to help me collect garbage." emily was horrified.  : "oh, come on then," she sighed.  "let's get started."  gordon was talking to james and henry in a siding.  when they saw emily with whiff, they laughed.  "hello," whistled whiff.  "who's this smelly new friend with the funny whistle, emily." snorted james.  "we smelled you coming for miles," whished gordon grandly.  "my name's whiff," whistled whiff.  "it suits you," laughed henry. "ooh." emily was very embarrassed.  she hurried away.  whiff puffed after her.   up the line, emily and whiff passed more engines.  when they saw whiff, they all laughed, too.  emily was tired of being teased.  "i must get away from whiff," she huffed.  emily pumped her pistons.  "wait for me," whistled whiff.   but emily wasn't going to wait for whiff.  and soon, whiff was a long way behind.  emily was glad whiff had gone.  "it's not my fault he can't keep up," she huffed.  later, emily had to wait for elizabeth at a crossing.  "where's this new engine," honked elizabeth grandly.  "uh, he got lost," whished emily.  "no, i didn't," whistled whiff cheerfully.  "hello." "oh," sniffed elizabeth.  "aren't you going to introduce me to your new friend." but emily didn't want anything more to do with whiff.  she chuffed away as fast as her pistons would pump.  "wait for me," whistled whiff cheerfully.  up ahead, emily saw a branchline.  "maybe if i puffed down here, whiff won't see me." and whiff didn't see emily.  he puffed passed on the main line.  emily chuffed all around sir topham hatt's railway.  she tried to hide from whiff.  but still, everywhere emily went, whiff always found her.   in every tunnel...   ...and in every siding.   at last, emily escaped from whiff.  "thank goodness," she whished.  "now no one will laugh at me for working with such a smelly engine." up ahead, emily saw spencer.  he was very cross.  "i meant to be taking the duke and duchess of boxford to an important lunch," huffed spencer.  "but my way is blocked by all these smelly garbage wagons." "flatten my funnel," steamed emily.  they were the garbage wagons that emily and whiff should have cleared earlier.  "someone will have to move them," sniffed spencer.  emily knew that was her job.  "oh, i suppose i'll have to move them.  "ugh," she shuddered.  emily buffered up.  she pulled as hard as she could, but the wagons were much too heavy for her to move on her own.  just then, gordon chuffed passed.  "can you help me move these garbage wagons," tooted emily.  "me," snorted gordon.  "certainly not."  "can you help me move these garbage wagons, james," peeped emily.   "ew, no, thank you," whished james.  emily was upset.  "i'm still waiting," puffed spencer impatiently.  "if whiff was here now, he'd be happy to help me," emily sighed.  "he wanted to be my friend, "but i wasn't kind to him.  i must fine whiff and say sorry." emily looked high and low for whiff.  but he was nowhere to be seen.   then, at last, she heard whiff's funny whistle.  "hello, emily," whistled whiff cheerfully.  "i was wondering where you'd gone to." "i'm sorry, i ran away from you," puffed emily.  "that's all right," whistled whiff.  "i'm just glad you found me.  let's go to work."  spencer was getting very impatient.  "don't worry, spencer," tooted emily.  "whiff is here to help now." "freeze my firebox," snorted spencer when he saw whiff.  "that dirty little engine can't move all these garbage wagons." "we're going to move them together," chuffed emily.  "oh, thank you, emily," whistled whiff.  spencer watched as emily and whiff coupled up to the garbage wagons and quickly shunted themway.  spencer was very impressed.  "whiff is a very, very useful engine," he whished.  "i know," bubbled emily happily.  "and he's my new good friend, too."     . .      captioned by media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org all aboard for an amazing journey.  let a child's imagination take you places you never thought possible.  lego duplo proudly supports thomas and friendson pbs kids. )