 ul blue sea.  it has fields of green and sandy, yellow beaches.  there are rivers, streams, and lots of trees where the birds sing.  there are windmills and a coal mine and docks where visitors to the island arrive.  the island also has lots and lots of railway lines.  who's that puffing down the track.   it's thomas.  hello, thomas.   hello, everybody.  welcome to the island of sodor.      today on the island of sodor, we'll see what happens when gordon has an important passenger to collect.  and we'll share some fun times with james.  but first, thomas is about to meet someone new.    thomas the tank engine enjoys shunting troublesome trucks.  he can biff them harder and faster than any other engine.  it's one of his favorite jobs.  one morning sir topham hatt had an important announcement.  "james and edward must make extra deliveries of coal," he boomed.  "thomas, you must shunt and fill freight cars "at the coaling plant.  "james and edward, you must collect them this afternoon." thomas was very pleased.  just then, bill and ben chuffed by.  between them was a big, black truck.  it was biffing and bashing the little engines.  "what are you two doing." tooted thomas.  bill and ben told him they were delivering the truck to the coaling plant.  "why does it need two engines to deliver one truck." asked thomas.  "because he really doesn't like to be shunted," chuffed ben.  "his name is hector," huffed bill.  "but we call him hector the horrid." bill and ben chuffed slowly away with hector.  "he does look troublesome," huffed james.  "troublesome trucks don't worry me," boasted thomas.  "i could biff him firmly into place." later, thomas chuffed into the coaling plant.  and there was hector.   the other trucks giggled and laughed.  . "big, bad, strong and solid .  . that truck's name is hector the horrid," .  they sang.  thomas puffed closer.  "keep away." roared hector.  "bill and ben were right," thought thomas.  "hector is scary.  and hector is horrid." thomas decided to keep away.  thomas spent the morning shunting the other freight cars and filling them with coal.  all the time, thomas could feel hector the horrid watching him.  the coaling plant manager came to see thomas.  "we need an extra large delivery," he said.  "so rosie is coming to help you.  "you must shunt and fill hector, then add him to the back of james's train," he told thomas.   later, rosie puffed into the yard.  she saw hector.  "wow, do we have to shunt and fill that big truck, thomas." she asked sweetly.  "yes," puffed thomas, "but he doesn't want to be shunted.  his name is..." but before thomas could finish, hector opened his mouth and let out the biggest roar ever.  "keep away." he bellowed.  rosie was so surprised, she shook from funnel to foot plate, and she steamed straight out of the yard.  this made thomas cross.  hector had biffed and bashed bill and ben, he had shouted at thomas and he had frightened rosie so much that she had puffed away.  now, the extra delivery would never be ready.  thomas had had enough.  he puffed up bravely in front of hector and gave him a mighty biff.  hector rolled backwards.  he was very cross.  "keep away." he roared.  "no, i won't," tooted thomas crossly.  "you are causing confusion and delay.  you really are horrid." then with one mighty biff, thomas sent hector rolling backwards into a set of buffers.  hector crashed off the track.  thomas felt very bad.  he hadn't meant to knock hector over.  thomas puffed up to hector.  hector lay on his side, looking very sad.  now hector didn't seem so horrid.  "i'm sorry i biffed you so hard," wheezed thomas.  "but why don't you want to be shunted." "because i'm scared," moaned hector.  "why." asked thomas.  "i'm new," he groaned, "and i'm scared because "i haven't been filled with coal before.  "i don't know what it feels like.  that's why i didn't want to beshunted," he added.  thomas was surprised.  later, rocky and the workmen arrived and lifted hector back onto the tracks.  thomas wanted to help hector.  "sometimes i'm scared when i have to do something new," he chuffed.  "but coal isn't scary." hector watched as thomas rolled under the coal hopper.  black, dusty coal poured into thomas's coal box.  when the dust settled, hector saw that thomas was smiling.  "see, it's not scary," tooted thomas proudly.  now hector was excited.  "i'd like to be filled with coal, too," he rumbled.  "we must hurry," huffed thomas.  thomas pulled hector quickly under the coal hopper.  hector was quickly filled with coal.  it felt wonderful.  then thomas shunted hector into place just in time.   james and edward puffed into the yard.  they saw their waiting trains.  james was very surprised to see hector at the back.   "well done, thomas" snorted james.  the trains were soon coupled up.  james and edward puffed away for their special deliveries.  they were very surprised to hear thomas whistle "good luck." but the whistle wasn't for them.  it was thomas tooting to his new friend "hector the not horrid at all."  harold spends a lot of time flying over the island of sodor.  sometimes he sees strange shapes below him.  can you guess what they are.  this shape is long and thin.  it has two flat arms sticking out on either side and it's white.  can you guess what it is.  it's jeremy the plane.  jeremy is one of harold's new friends.  what other shapes can you see.  this shape is a rectangle.  it's black at the back, then red in the middle and there's a gold circle.  can you guess what it is.  harold thinks it might be another one of his friends.  let's have a look.  yes, it's his friend, james.  the black at the back was the coal in his tender.  the red was his boiler.  the gold circle was his dome.  things look very different from up in the sky.  but harold knows what they are.  see you soon, harold.   . .   the island of sodor is a wonderful place.  there are lots and lots of engines.  who's that puffing along the track.  it's james.  james is a bright red engine.  he can pull lots of freight cars.  he has the number five painted on his tender.  a bright brass dome and six strong driving wheels that clicketyclack along the tracks of sodor.  james is the only red engine, and he is very proud of his red coat.  one day, james had a bright new coat of red paint.  he wanted all the other engines to tell him how wonderful he looked.  the next morning sir topham hatt told james to help percy at the coaling plant.   but james went to gaze at his reflection in the canal.  at last, james arrived.  the yard manager told him to take an extralong line of freight cars to brendam docks.  james was very happy.  there were a lot of people at the docks to tell him how splendid he looked.  so james puffed off.  but the freight cars were very troublesome.  the biffed and they bashed.  they wriggled and giggled and covered james in coal dust.  when james arrived at brendam, his bright red coat was very dirty.  luckily, james is never too proud to see the funny side.  but his pride can get him into a lot of trouble.  there was to be a new holiday poster for the island of sodor.  sir topham hatt chose edward to be the poster engine.  james was upset.  he and edward were almost the same.  james decided to do everything he could to be the poster engine.  he tried to get into the poster photograph.  but sir topham hatt sent him away.  thomas and percy told james that edward was chosen because he was gentle and edward didn't mind doing dirty jobs.  so james was gentle at the coaling yard.  but that made him late.   james took the express track to race edward.  he was just in front when a signal turned red.  james screeched to a halt, but edward couldn't stop in time.  edward ran into james, and james shot straight through the poster.  now jameswasthe poster engine.  james knows when he has gone too far, and then he helps his friends.  that's because james is a really useful red engine, and he shines most of all when he is with his friends.   every engine on the island of sodor looks different.  can you tell who this is.  this engine is green. )