    . they're two, they're four, they're six, they're eight .  . shunting trucks and hauling freight .  . red and green and brown and blue .  . they're the really useful crew .  . all with different roles to play .  . round tidmouth sheds or far away .  . down the hills and round the bends .  . thomas and his friends .   the island of sodor is surrounded by beautiful blue sea.  it has fields of green and sandy yellow beaches.  there are rivers, streams, and lots of trees, where the birds sing.  there are windmills and a coal mine and docks where visitors to the island arrive.  the island also has lots and lots of railway lines.  who's that puffing down the track.   it's thomas.  hello, thomas.   hello, everybody.  welcome to the island of sodor.     today on the island of sodor, we'll see what happens when skarloey and rheneas need to look their best.  and we'll share some fun times with thomas.  percival has an important special to be done.   sir handel is one of the oldest engines in the hills of sodor.   he knows a lot of things, and sometimes he can be rather grand.  he enjoys telling other engines what to do.  and because he is a wise engine, the other engines do as he tells them.  one morning, sir handel puffed into the transfer yards.  james was waiting.  percival to a meeting with sir topham hatt," snorted james.  just then, mr. percival arrived.  he was late.  " gasped mr. percival.  "there's an important special today.  i'd like you to be in charge " " chuffed sir handel happily.  he liked the idea of being in charge.  now he could tell the other engines what to do.  "workmen must be picked up and taken to the forest," mr. percival said.  sir handel was excited.  "the freight cars must be taken to the forest and filled with logs," added mr. percival.  "then the heavy train must be delivered back here.  thomas is coming " "i'll find the very best engines," puffed sir handel.  "ask the first engines you see to do the special," said mr. percival sternly.  sir handel wasn't listening.  he was thinking about telling the other engines what to do.  "the job must be done " cried mr. percival.   "don't worry," sir handel hooted proudly, and he puffed away.  "i'm going to have a wonderful time," he whistled to himself.  up ahead, sir handel found mighty mac.  he was helping workmen to lay new track.  "i'm in charge of a very important special.  i need an engine to pull a heavy train," sir handel chuffed.  " wheeshed mighty.  " whistled mac.  but sir handel wasn't listening.  "i must find the very best engines.  you must wait here," he puffed grandly, and he steamed off.  next, sir handel found rusty.  "i'm in charge of a very important special.  i need someone to pick up workmen," he puffed importantly.  rusty was very excited.  " he hooted happily.  but sir handel wasn't listening.  "i must find " he huffed.  " then sir handel found duncan and peter sam.  they were racing down some twisty tracks.  "i'm in charge of a very important special.  i need a fast engine to take a train to thomas at the yards," chuffed sir handel importantly.  "we can pull trains faster " duncan and peter sam puffed excitedly.  but sir handel wasn't listening.  "i must find the very best engines," sir handel steamed snootily.  " so the little engines pulled into a siding.  sir handel felt more important than ever.  then there was trouble.  sir handel arrived back at the transfer yards.  thomas had already arrived to collect the special.  " tooted thomas.  " cried sir handel.  sir handel had spent so long looking for the very best engines, nothing had been done.  now he was very worried.  "your special isn't ready," he wheeshed sadly to thomas.  thomas was surprised.  "can you find engines " he tooted.  "then i can still deliver " this time, ..  very carefully.  he knew where all the engines were waiting.  "if i hurry, i can put engines to work right away.  " he chuffed.  and sir handel raced out of the yards.  sir handel steamed over to duncan and peter sam.  " he asked.  "we can pull the train along the twisty tracks to the forest," peeped peter sam.  " added duncan.  this time, sir handel was listening.  "please start straightaway," he wheeshed.  and he raced off to find rusty.  rusty was still where sir handel had told him to wait.  "i can collect the workmen," hooted rusty, "and take them " "please, start straightaway," sir handel huffed.  finally, sir handel found mighty mac.  "we can pull the heavy lumber train to the transfer yards," wheeshed mighty.  " whistled mac.  and they steamed off.  sir handel had listened carefully to everyone.  now everyone was working.  "the special will be ready for thomas after all," he huffed.  later, at the transfer yards, thomas' freight cars had been loaded with the lumber.  just then, james returned with mr. percival.  " said mr. percival.  "did you enjoy " "yes, sir." chuffed sir handel.  he felt very happy.  he had listened to the other engines, and now he was even wiser.    here are some dots.  if we join the dots, we will see one of the engines on sir topham hatt's railway.  i wonder which engine it is.  let's join the dots and find out.  ..  around the tender and the cab.  there's the dome and a very tall funnel.  can you tell who it is yet.  around the buffers and the wheels.  they are very big wheels.  there's only one engine on sodor with wheels that big.  do you know who it is.  yes, it's emily.  hello, emily.     . .   . .    the island of sodor is a wonderful place.  there are lots and lots of engines.  who's that puffing along the track.  it's thomas.  thomas is a bright blue tank engine with red stripes.  he has six small wheels, a short funnel and dome, and the number 1 painted in yellow on his tanks.  thomas is always busy and is especially happy when he's with his carriages, annie and clarabel.  thomas knows everyone on the island of sodor, but he does have one special friend, and that's percy.  one day, sir topham hatt told all the engines that the railway inspector was coming.  he would give a special prize to the bestturnedout engine.  gordon, james, and emily were all sure a big engine would win the prize.  but thomas and his best friend, percy, hoped they might win.  the big engines left.  thomas and percy had to work at the quarry.  by the end of the day, percy and thomas were very, very dirty.  percy was sure they would never win first prize now.  thomas wanted to cheer his friend up, so they raced to the washdown.  but when they arrived, gordon, james, and emily all looked like the smartest engines on the railway.  now thomas was worried, but his friend percy cheered him up.  when thomas and percy arrived at the coaling plant, they were surprised.  james had biffed into a freight car.  now all the big engines, sir topham hatt, and the inspector were covered in coal dust but not thomas and percy.  they won first prize and each had a ribbon.  thomas knew he couldn't have done it without his friend percy.  sometimes you need to rely on your friends.  one day, thomas was picking up telephone engineers.  they were to mend the telephone poles.  a great storm had blown them down.  then thomas saw something wonderful.  edward told him about an old story.  it said that there was something magical at the end of a rainbow.   thomas huffed and puffed all over the island.  he was looking for the end of the rainbow.  thomas was so busy, he didn't have time to say hello to his friends, and he didn't have time to help his friends.  then there was trouble.    thomas hadn't seen the telegraph pole.  thomas was stuck.  he thought none of his friends would help him, but thomas was wrong.  all thomas' friends passed on the news that he was in trouble.  in no time, harvey arrived to pull annie and clarabel back onto the rails.  now thomas do look for the end of the rainbow anymore.  he wanted to be really useful.  later, thomas puffed back to tidmouth sheds.  there was the end of the rainbow, and there were all his friends.  thomas' friends are very important.  they make sir topham hatt's railway very special, and they make thomas feel he is the luckiest steam engine ever.     sir topham hatt has sent percy and thomas to collect some freight cars.  how many freight cars are there.  one, two, three, four, five, six.  there are six freight cars.  how many freight cars should thomas and percy each pull.  thomas takes five freight cars.  that only leaves one freight car for percy.  percy wants to take the same number of freight cars as thomas.  how many freight cars should percy take.  percy takes four freight cars.  now thomas only has two freight cars.  they still haven't got the same number of freight cars.  how many freight cars should they each take.  thomas takes three freight cars.  how many does percy have.  one, two, three freight cars, the same number as thomas.  they have three freight cars each.  well done, percy and thomas.     up in the mountains, there are many railway tracks that the little narrowgauge engines run on.  there are also many roads.  madge is a snubnosed truck.  she drives around the mountains and valleys making deliveries to the villages.  madge likes all the narrowgauge engines.  madge is very kind.  she likes to take care of everyone she meets.  percival, the narrow gauge controller, came to see madge.  "there is to be a county fair and engine parade," he said.  "and rheneas and skarloey " "how wonderful," said madge.  "the engines must be extra clean and shiny.  i need you to take them " "of course," smiled madge.  " "and make sure you're back in plenty of time," added mr. percival.  "you have a very important job.  "you are to pull the brass band.  " " exclaimed madge.  "i'll be the cleanest truck " madge was very proud.  "this will be the grandest county fair and engine parade ever," she smiled.  there was a lot to do.  first madge went to see rheneas.  rheneas had been working at the coal mine.  he was very dirty, but soon he was being washed and scrubbed for the county fair.  madge watched.  she had to make sure rheneas was extra clean and extra shiny for the engine parade.  "get the engineer to scrub all the way around your number and nameplate," madge told rheneas.  madge made sure his whistle was washed and his boiler bands were buffed.  "there." madge exclaimed.  "now you're ready for the engine parade.  " she called as she drove away.  madge still had a lot to do, but now madge was late.  she had to hurry.  she drove faster and faster.  the mountain roads were very dirty.  "this dirt will take a long time to get off," thought madge.  "i must make sure i'm back in plenty of time.  i have to be washed " but when madge arrived at the quarry, skarloey was very dirty.  "goodness." said madge.  "you're a real messy buffers.  "we're going to have to work very hard to make sure you're extra clean " soon skarloey was covered in bubbles.  madge waited.  she wanted to make sure he would be extra shiny.  "scrub from the top of his funnel all the way down to his footplate," madge told the workmen.  it took a long time, but at last, skarloey was clean.  "now you'll look grand at the engine parade," said madge.  "and one more thing," she called.  " now madge really was late.  madge raced to the village.  she drove down more dirt tracks.  "oh, no," madge moaned.  "i hope i can still get clean " rheneas and skarloey were waiting in the village square.  their paintwork gleamed.  their domes glistened in the sun.  " said mr. percival.  he was very proud of his little engines.  then madge arrived.  she was very dirty.  mr. percival was surprised.  "oh, dear." he said.  " "don't worry," revved madge.  "i'll go and get washed " but mud had clogged up madge's exhaust pipe.  suddenly, she backfired.  the mud sprayed all over rheneas and skarloey.  "oh, no." cried madge.  then madge saw the brass band.  madge was worried.  "how am i going to get clean in time.  " she cried.  "we could help you get clean," puffed skarloey.  " madge moaned.  "the band is waiting for you," chuffed rheneas.  madge gasped.  she knew she had to be extra clean and extra shiny to pull the brass band.  it was time for her to get clean.  "make sure you clean her wheel arches," puffed rheneas.  "and wash her windscreen," chuffed skarloey.  soon madge was sparkling and clean.  "thank you," she said.  " madge was about to tell the engines how to get extra clean and extra shiny.  then she saw what the workmen were doing.  they were scrubbing all around the number and nameplates.  they washed the whistles and buffed the boiler bands.  they scrubbed from the top ..  right down to their footplates.  " laughed madge.  "that's because you helped us before," puffed rheneas.  madge smiled.  she felt very happy.  it was soon time for the county fair and engine parade to begin.  madge sparkled and shone as she proudly pulled the brass band.  " called madge.  but she still wasn't sure if they had both washed behind their buffers.      . .    . .   captioning bycaptionmax www.captionmax.com   all aboard for an amazing journey.  let a child's imagination take you places you never thought possible.  lego duplo proudly supports thomas & friendson pbs kids.   .  doink.   pbs kids. )