 henry worries about saving his favorite tree.  and we meet some of thomas' favorite friends.  but first thomas and percy are working hardt the quarry.    thomas and percy are best friends.  they tell each other everything.  they even have a "best friends" whistle.  it was a busy day at the quarry.  thomas and percy were working together.   together thomas and percy happily tooted their best friends whistle.  my favorite days are when we work together.   then neville arrived to collect some freight cars.  he was excited.  the brass band is arriving at brendham docks.  hooray.  i like the brass band.  so do i, but i'm never asked to pull them.  if you go to the wash down now, you'll soon be as shiny as a trumpet.  then maybe sir topham hatt will ask you to collect them.   percy was excited.  thank you, thomas.   the two engines tooted their best friends whistle, and percy puffed happily away.  later, sir topham hatt arrived.  he was in a hurry.  thomas, you are to pick up the brass band from the docks, and don't forget to have a wash down, thank you.   thomas was worried.  he knew percy wanted to pick up the brass band, but he didn't know how to tell pey that sir topham hatt had asked him to do it.  then thomas saw percy puffing back to the quarry.  look at me, thomas.  i'm as shiny as a trumpet.   thomas didn't know what to say.  he didn't want to upset his best friend.  sir topham hatt's sure to choose me now.   this made thomas feel even worse.  he puffed quickly away.  where are you going, thomas.   i have another job.   percy tooted his best friends whistle.  but thomas couldn't toot back.  thomas was enjoying his wash down.  then he saw percy in the distance.  thomas still didn't know how to tell percy about the special, so he hid.  percy puffed past.  he didn't see thomas.  thomas was relieved.  he chuffed out of the shed.  he raced away to collect annie and clarabel.  then thomas saw percy again.  "i still don't know how to tell percy about the brass band," thought thomas.  so he took a different track to the docks.  thomas knew it would take him longer.  "i must hurry. i don't want to be late," he thought to himself.  later, thomas was steaming along.  cinders and ashes, there's percy again.   he was sure percy was going to see him this time, so thomas hid behind duck.  percy puffed past.  he didn't see thomas hiding behind duck's long line of freight cars.  thank you, duck.   duck looked puzzled.  thomas steamed on to the docks as fast as his pistons would pump.  thomas was late for the brass band.  they were waiting on the dockside.  all aboard.   then he saw some mail cars.  he knew percy would soon come to collect them.  hurry up.   the band hurried, but the trumpet player had left his trumpet behind right at the end of the dockside.  so thomas had to wait.  just then, percy arrived.  hello, thomas.   percy saw that thomas was collecting the brass band.  he was very upset.  why didn't you tell me, thomas.  i tell you everything.   thomas felt terrible.  he tooted his best friends whistle.  but percy didn't whistle back.  thomas felt worse than ever.  he puffed out of the docks with the brass band.  thomas arrived at great waterton.  sir topham hatt was waiting to welcome the brass band.  thomas still felt very unhappy.  he had let his best friend down.  thomas, you must come back at the end of the concert to pick up the brass band.   then an idea flew into thomas' funnel.  sir, can percy pick up the band.  percy is delivering the mail.  if i pull percy's mail cars, then could he pick up the band.   sir topham hatt agreed.  so annie and clarabel were uncoupled, and thomas steamed off to find his best friend.  now thomas really wanted to find percy.  but percy was nowhere to be found.  thomas was worried.  the concert would finish soon, and the band would be waiting.  then thomas saw percy.  he was waiting at a signal.  i'm sorry i didn't tell you i was picking up the band.  i'm busy. i have to pull the mail.  i have something to tell you.  i'll pull the mail for you.  then you can go and pick up the brass band and take them to the docks.   percy beamed from buffer to buffer.  thank you, thomas.   he was very excited.  thomas buffered up to percy's mail cars and quickly pulled away.  he was pleased to help his best friend.  percy steamed off to pick up annie and clarabel.  he couldn't wait to collect the brass band.  later, thomas puffed into great waterton.  percy was waiting for the band.  you are my best friend, percy.  from now on, i will always tell you everything.   and they tooted their best friends whistle for everyone to hear.   here are some dots.  if we join the dots, we will see one of the engines on sir topham hatt's railway.  i wonder which engine it is.  let's join the dots and find out.  here we go.  around the tender and the cab.  there's the dome and a very tall funnel.  can you tell who it is yet.  around the buffers and the wheelsthey are very big wheels.  there's only one engine on sodor with wheels that big.  do you know who it is.  yes, it's emily.  hello, emily.     . .   the island of sodor is home to lots of thomas' friends: friends on the rails, friends on the roads, and even some friends in the air.  they are all very different and each very special, and they are all thomas' friends.  rosie and molly are two of thomas' favorite friends.  they are both very different, and thomas likes them both.  rosie is a cheerful, chirpy tank engine.  she likes thomas so much, she wants to follow him everywhere.  sometimes this makes thomas cross.  one day, thomas had to deliver birthday presents to alice at high farm.  harold warned thomas there were bad storms and landslides in the hills.  rosie wanted to go with thomas.  she said she could help him in the bad weather, but thomas didn't want rosie's help.  he didn't want to be followed everywhere by her.  so thomas set off quickly.  he was sure the storm wouldn't bother him.  but rosie followed him.  thomas huffed and puffed through wind and rain.  rosie was never far behind.   so thomas took a steep track to high farm.  he was sure rosie wouldn't follow him up there.  then there was trouble.  earth and stones tumbled down the bank and blocked thomas' track.  he was stuck fast, and there was no one to help him.  then in the distance, he heard the friendly toottoot of rosie's whistle.  she had pushed and puffed to follow her friend.  now thomas was very happy to see rosie.  he asked rosie to take the presents.  thanks to rosie, he knew alice would have a happy birthday.  now rosie was thomas' good friend.  when thomas met molly, she needed a friend too.  molly was new to the island of sodor.  she was very unhappy.  she had to pull empty freight cars to the coaling plant.  the other engines were making fun of her.  they told her that a really useful engine would pull full cars.  thomas wanted to help molly.  an idea flew into his funnel.  thomas had molly's empty freight cars covered with tarps.  then they were ringed with lights.  now molly's freight cars looked very special, and molly looked like a really useful engine.  the other engines were surprised.  later, thomas and molly arrived at the coaling plant the other engines were waiting.  they needed molly's empty cars to start their deliveries.  thomas told molly that her empty cars were really useful after all.  that made molly proud and very happy.  thomas was happy to help his friend.  thomas is always pleased to see molly.  thomas knows she's a really useful engine, just like his other friend rosie.  they are all good friends on sir topham hatt's railway.    when henry thinks, he puffs out a cloud of steam.  look carefully at the shape the steam makes.  henry is thinking about one of his friends.  whose shape is this.  this friend doesn't have a funnel.  and what's that sticking out on either side.  they're wings.  henry is thinking about jeremy the plane.  now henry is thinking about something else.  what shape is his steam making this time.  it's another of henry's friends.  whose shape is that.  it's very tall and has something hanging down with a hook.  henry is thinking about cranky the crane.  now henry is thinking about something else.  what shape is his steam making now.  henry is thinking about something he has seen at the scottish castle.  it's almost square shaped, and it flutters in the wind.  that's right. henry is thinking about the flag that flies on top of the scottish castle.  well done, henry.    the sodor wishing tree is a very old tree.  it's older than edward, older than sir handel. it's even older than sir topham hatt.  some say it is the oldest thing on the island.  all the engines and children love to make wishes whenever they see the tree, especially henry.  he thinks the wishing tree is magical.  he whistles whenever he passes.   one day, sir topham hatt came to tidmouth sheds with some very bad news.  a summer storm struck sodor last night.  the wishing tree was hit by lightning.   all the engines were upset, henry the most upset of all.  some special woodsmen are arriving at brendham docks.  henry, you are to take them to the wishing tree right away.   henry knew this was an important job.  they have to be back at brendham docks by tea time.  that's when their boat leaves.  yes, sir.   and henry puffed away as fast as he could.  he chuffed towards brendham docks.  at a junction, henry decided to take the track that passed the wishing tree.  henry arrived at the wishing tree.  it wasn't standing tall anymore.  some leaves were gone, and some branches were broken.  sometimes, henry, special woodsmen have to cut trees down.  oh, no.   now henry was even more upset.  henry took the track to brendham.  his boiler bubbled, and his steam sighed.  but then he had to stop.  toby was blocking the line.  he had snapped a piston rod.  oh, dear.  i can't get to brendham if the track is blocked.   then henry had an idea.  "if all the tracks were blocked, no one would be able to get to the tree," he thought.  then no one would be able to cut the tree down.  i'll take your freight cars for you, toby.   he buffered up to toby's freight cars.  toby's driver coupled henry to the freight cars.  henry pumped his pistons, and he chuffed back down the track to the wishing tree.  then henry saw thomas at a signal.  he had a long line of empty cars to take to the quarry.  i'll take your freight cars for you, thomas.   thomas happily agreed.  so henry reversed onto thomas' track, and he slowly wheeshed away.  then henry saw percy at a water tower.  percy had to take carloads of empty milk churns to the farm.  percy, i'll take your freight cars for you.  thank you, henry.   percy shunted his freight cars onto the main line.  henry buffered up to percy's freight cars and whooshed away.  then henry saw emily.  she had empty cars to take to the coaling plant.  i'll take your freight cars for you, emily.  thank you, henry.   so emily shunted her train onto the main line, and henry coupled up.  he chuffed happily away.  henry had the longest line of freight cars a big engine could pull.  at last, henry puffed to the wishing tree junction.  he left emily and percy's freight cars on one track.  then he shunted thomas' freight cars onto another.  finally, he shunted toby's freight cars onto the express line.  all the lines to the wishing tree were blocked.  now nobody can get through.  the wishing tree will be safe.   at brendham docks, the special woodsmen were waiting.  henry hadn't arrived.  so the docks manager asked salty to take the woodsmen.  aye. yes, sir.   salty tried to get to the wishing tree.  but all the tracks were blocked with freight cars.  henry was still feeling very happy.  then he heard harold hovering above him.  hello, henry.  the special woodsmen can't get through to the wishing tree.  they're the only ones that can help.  without them, the tree will have to be cut down.  oh, dear, the woodsmen are here to save the wishing tree, not cut it down.  i have made a very big mistake.   henry felt terrible.   now i must put everything right as fast as i can.   and he chuffed quickly away.  first henry took toby's freight cars to the depot.  then he took thomas' freight cars to the quarry.  next, he took emily's cars to the coaling plant.  finally, he took percy's cars of empty milk churns to the farm.   at last, all the tracks were clear.  henry collected the special woodsmen.  thank you, salty.   then he wheeshed quickly away.  soon henry chuffed up to the wishing tree.  the woodsmen were ready to start their very special work.  they cleared and propped. they clipped and chopped.  and henry helped too.  soon the wishing tree was standing tall again.  the wishing tree was saved.  i wish the wishing tree lasts forever and ever.   the special woodsmen cheered, and henry smiled his biggest smile ever.      . .    . .   captioning bycaptionmax www.captionmax.com   all aboard for an amazing journey.  let a child's imagination take you places you never thought possible.  lego duplo proudly supports thomas & friendson pbs kids.   .  doink.   pbs kids. )