 where imagination and creative play fuel your child's journey.  lego duplo building sets for preschoolers.     captioning sponsored by hit entertainment "dear christopher, "here is your friend thomas the tank engine.  "he wanted to come out of his station yard and see the world.  "these stories tell you how he did it.  "i hope you will like them "because you helped me to make them.  your loving daddy."   . they're two, they're four .  . they're six, they're eight .  . shunting trucks and hauling freight .  . red and green .  . and brown and blue .  . they're the really useful crew .  . all with different roles to play .  . round tidmouth sheds or far away .  . down the hills and round the bends .  . thomas and his friends. .  narrator: the island of sodor is surrounded by beautiful blue sea.  it has fields of green and sandy, yellow beaches.  there are rivers, streams, and lots of trees where the birds sing.  there are windmills and a coal mine and docks where visitors to the island arrive.  the island also has lots and lots of railway lines.  who's that puffing down the track.   it's thomas.  hello, thomas.   hello, everybody.  welcome to the island of sodor.    narrator: today on the island of sodor, we'll see what happens when james is chosen for a special special.   and we'll share some fun times with henry.   but first, thomas has to help spencer.    spencer is a very special engine from the mainland.  he belongs to the duke and duchess of boxford.  he's very fast, very shiny, and very strong.  he also likes to show off.  "coming through." the other engines don't like that.  one day, thomas was shunting freight cars at natford yards.  sir topham hatt arrived.  "the duke and duchess of boxford are coming to sodor with spencer," he boomed.  "spencer will be very tired after his long journey, so you, thomas, must help him." later, spencer arrived.  thomas was still working.  "take my passenger cars and shunt them away," spencer huffed grandly.  "i will when i've shunted these freight cars," tooted thomas.  but spencer didn't like waiting.  "i'm faster, shinier and stronger than you, thomas.  you're just a little tank engine." this made thomas cross.  but he remembered sir topham hatt had told him to help.  so, thomas shunted spencer's passenger cars safely into the sheds.   when thomas arrived back at tidmouth sheds, he was very tired.  spencer was already there.  "anyone can shunt freight cars," wheeshed spencer.  "but you have to be very special to pull the duke and duchess of boxford." this made thomas very cross.  "i'll show that bossy boiler," thomas puffed.  "tomorrow, i'm going to be faster, shinier and stronger than spencer."  the next morning, thomas had to collect freight cars from the smelters yards.  when thomas reached the mainland, he decided he would go faster than spencer.  thomas puffed faster and faster.   thomas steamed pass emily.  "slow down, thomas." she whistled.  "you'll never get 'round the bend." thomas slammed on his brakes.  "whoa." tooted thomas, terrified.  luckily, he stopped just in time.  "maybe i can't be faster than spencer," he chuffed.  "but i can still be shinier and stronger." later, thomas was at the washdown.  "i'd like the shiniest polish ever," he tooted.  thomas was rubbed and scrubbed until he sparkled and shone.  it took a very long time.  toby pulled up next to thomas.  "look, toby," whooshed thomas proudly.  "i've never been so shiny." toby had an urgent message for thomas.  "you have to shunt stone at the quarry," he steamed.  "they're waiting for you now."  so, thomas puffed quickly away.  thomas arrived at the quarry.  "my." said mavis.  "you're the shiniest engine i've ever seen." thomas was pleased.  he puffed off proudly.  thomas's cars were filled with stone.  all his sparkle and shine had gone.  thomas was very unhappy.  he steamed off with his load of stone.  thomas came to gordon's hill.  he had never puffed up it with such a heavy load.  "i may not be faster or shinier than spencer," tooted thomas.  "but i can still be stronger."  the hill got steeper and steeper, and the stone felt heavier and heavier.  thomas's wheels started to spin.  "oh, no." cried thomas.   stones tipped out of the freight cars.  he slid all the way to the bottom.  thomas wasn't strong enough, after all.  thomas felt very, very silly.  "all day i've tried to be faster and shinier and stronger than spencer," he wheeshed.  "and i'm not." thomas felt terrible.  next morning, thomas knew what he was going to do.  "i don't want to be faster, shinier and stronger than spencer anymore," he chuffed.  "i am very happy to shunt freight cars." then, sir topham hatt arrived.   "there is an emergency," he boomed.  "the duke of boxford has to return to the mainland "on very important business.  where are his special passenger cars." "his cars are right at the back of the yard, sir," puffed thomas.  "but don't worry.  i can shunt them to the front very quickly." "well done, thomas," said sir topham hatt.  "take them to spencer immediately."  when thomas arrived at the sheds, spencer's boiler was still cold.  "you might be "the fastest, shiniest and strongest engine, but you're the slowest to get fired up," thomas tooted cheekily.  now it was spencer's turn to feel very silly.  then the duke arrived.  "why are you not ready, spencer.  i will miss my airplane," he said sternly.  "thomas, you must take me to the airport." "yes, sir," tooted thomas.  the duke's special coat of arms was placed on thomas's boiler, and thomas steamed grandly away.   thomas felt very proud as he raced to the airport.  thomas arrived just in time.  jeremy was waiting for them.  the duke was very pleased.  "there's nothing better than an engine you can rely on," he said.  "you saved the day, thomas."  thomas watched the duke's airplane fly away.  thomas knew he wasn't faster, shinier or stronger than spencer, but he was certainly reliable.  and that was a very useful thing to be.   here are some dots.  if we join the dots, we will see one of the engines of the sodor railway.  can you guess which engine it is.  let's join the dots and find out.  off we go.  there's the front of the engine.  it's very straight, isn't it.  and you can't see the wheels.  they're hidden.  the back and the top.  they're quite straight, too.  do you know which engine this is yet.  it has a small funnel.  this is a very square engine.  there's only one engine that shape.  yes, it's toby.  hello, toby.    toby's shed is old.  so, sir topham hatt is building him a brandnew one.  but the shed still needs a roof and a door.  the workmen have delivered three new roofs.  but only one of them is right for toby's new shed.  which do you think it is.  the first roof is tall and pointed.  does that look right.  no, that roof has a spire.  it goes on a church, not on a shed.  what about this one.  this roof has round turrets made of bricks.  does that look right.  no, that roof has turrets.  turrets go on a castle, not a shed.  one roof is left.  it's got sloping sides, and it's made of wood.  does that look right.  yes, that's the right roof for toby's new shed.  now toby's shed has a roof, but it still needs a door.  the workmen have brought three new doors.  but only one of them is right.  which one do you think it is.  the first door is arched shaped, with a big handle.  does that look right.  no, that's the door to a church, not a shed.  what about this one.  it has holes and goes up and down.  does that look right.  no, that's a portcullisthe door to a castle, not a shed.  there's one door left.  it's square and made of wood.  does that look right.  yes, that's the right door for toby's new shed.  now toby's shed has a new roof and a new door.   toby is very happy.  good night, toby.    the island of sodor is a wonderful place.  there are lots and lots of engines.  who's that puffing along the track.  it's henry.  henry is a big, green engine, with a big, green coal tender.  the number three is painted on the side.  henry's firebox needs special coal.  when that burns brightly, and his steam puffs proudly, henry is as fast and as strong as any engine.  sometimes he wishes he could pull the express.  one day, henry's wish came true.  he saw a group of children by a tree in the forest.  they told henry it was a wishing tree.  so, henry wished he could pull the express.  the next day, gordon was sent to the repair yards.  henry was to pull the express.  his wish had come true.  this made henry very happy.  but later, henry wasn't happy.  passengers were jiggled and jolted.  food flew in the air.  and buffers were bashed and biffed.  henry felt terrible.  henry went back to the wishing tree.  he wished he would never have to pull the express again.  henry always works hard to do the best job he can.   one day, henry puffed over to the scottish castle.  sir topham hatt asked him to collect a new flagpole.  henry looked everywhere for something tall.  he was so busy looking up at cranky, who was tall, that he biffed into a flatbed.  the flagpole rolled right off it.  and salty rolled right over it.  the brandnew flagpole snapped in two.  henry had to find another flagpole.  he puffed all over the island, but he couldn't find one.  at last, he chuffed sadly back to brendam docks.  then henry saw an old sailing ship.  visitors were taking photographs of it.  suddenly, henry saw he had found the new flagpole.  the old mast was perfect for the job.  and he was right.  sir topham hatt was very pleased.  and that made henry happy.   that night, the flag was hoisted on the old ship's mast.  it looked wonderful.   henry thought it was the nicest thing he had ever seen.  henry is everyone's friend.  he cares about everyone.  he is really useful and really happy to be henry.   here are three engines.  some of them are happy.  and some of them are sad.  can you tell who is which.  here's percy.  he has been pulling mail cars.  percy likes delivering the mail.  do you think he's happy or sad.  that's right.  percy is happy.  now, here's gordon.  he has been pulling the express.  gordon is very proud to pull the express.  do you think he's happy or sad.  yes, gordon is happy.  and here's james.  he has been working at the coaling plant.  and there is coal dust all over his shiny red paintwork.  james doesn't like being dirty.  do you think he's happy or sad.  you're right.  james is sad.  two of the engines are happy, but one of them is sad.  what will make james happy.  that's right.  going to the washdown.  being clean and shiny makes james very happy.    james is a shiny, red engine.  he always likes to look his best, and he likes his friends to know he's the smartest engine on sodor.  emily, percy and thomas were at tidmouth sheds.  james arrived.  he'd been to the repair yard.  he was excited to get back to work.  "i hope i get an important job today," whooshed james.  sir topham hatt arrived.  "i need an engine for a special," boomed sir topham hatt.  "the mayor must be taken to the festival of lights at the scottish castle." "i'm the perfect engine for that job, sir," james whistled.  "very well, james," said sir topham hatt.  james was delighted.  "thomas, emily and percy," added sir topham hatt, "if you finish youjobs in time, you can all go to the festival, too." "i can't wait to see the festival," peeped percy.  "neither can i," whooshed emily.  "you'll be the star of the show, james," tooted thomas.  that made james very happy.  he couldn't wait to make a grand entrance.  "we have lots of jobs to do first," peeped percy.  "you don't have anything to do all day, james," whooshed emily.  "can you help us." "me." snorted james.  "i can't help.  "it's much more important for me to look really smart when i arrive with my important passenger." and james puffed proudly away to the washdown.  at the washdown, james was very happy.  he enjoyed having his boiler brushed and his cab clean.  percy stopped by on his way to the quarry.  "i still have lots of work to do," he puffed.  "can you help me, james." "sorry, percy," sniffed james.  "it's much more important that i look smart.  now i need to be polished." soon, james was being polished until he shone.  "don't forget to buff my buffers," he tooted happily.  thomas puffed up with a long line of coal cars.  "clingclang, clingclang," they giggled.  "those trucks look troublesome," laughed james.  "they are," tooted thomas.  "can you help me, james." "sorry, thomas," cried james, "i need to look smart for my passengers.  now i have to get my funnel swept." as his funnel was being swept, james smelled a fishy smell.  "bust my buffers." he cried.  "what'sthat." it was emily.  she was pulling wagons of fish very slowly.  "these are very heavy.  can you help me, james." she puffed.  "sorry.  i need to have some special flags fitted," sniffed james.  at last, james was ready.  his flags were fitted, his buffers beamed, and his paintwork shone from funnel to foot plate.   everyone he passed cheered and waved.  "i am the smartest engine ever," james puffed proudly.  on the way to collect the mayor, james passed the scottish castle.  it looked wonderful.  everything was ready for the festival, and sir topham hatt was waiting, but there were no engines.  james was surprised.  "where are thomas and percy and emily." "they haven't finished their work yet," boomed sir topham hatt, "so they won't be here for the festival." james felt terrible.  "i must help my friends.  otherwise, they won't be here to see me be the star of the show." james found thomas.  he was still having trouble with his coal cars.  "i'm going to miss the festival," he sighed sadly.  "no, you're not," puffed james, "because i'm going to help you." james buffered up...  and he helped, even though he got covered in coal dust.  next, james found percy in the quarry.  percy was struggling to pull the quarry cars.  "i'm going to miss the festival," percy sighed sadly.  "no, you're not," puffed james, "because i'm going to help you." james buffered up, and he helped, even though he got covered in quarry dust.  then, james found emily at the junction.  "i can't pull the fish wagons any further, james.  they are too heavy." "i'm going to miss the festival," she sighed sadly.  "no, you're not," puffed james, "because i'm going to help you." and james did...  even though he knew he would be covered in smelly fish.  at the scottish castle, the brass band was waiting.  a red carpet was ready, and so were thomas, percy and emily.  they were all waiting for james to arrive with his important passenger.   "here comes james," tooted thomas.   everyone cheered as james arrived with the mayor.  but james was worried.  after helping his friends, he didn't look smart at all and he certainly didn't feel like the star of the show.  "james," said sir topham hatt, "you are...  a very hardworking and really useful engine." james was amazed.  "you're not cross with me, sir.  "even though my flags are drooping and i'm covered in coal dust and quarry dust and fish." "what matters, james," said sir topham hatt, "is that you helped all your friends "and safely delivered your important passenger.  well done." james was very happy, and his friends all thought that james was still the star of the show.     . .       captioned by media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org le blows) all aboard for an amazing journey.  let a child's imagination take you places you never thought possible.  lego duplo proudly supports thomas & friendson pbs kids. )