 ...is proud to support thomas & friendsonpbs kids.  because when it comes to encouraging your child's creativity, we believe the best lessons in life are based on play.  toys and infantcare products.  captioning sponsored by the u.s. department of education and hit entertainment storyteller: the island of sodor is surrounded by beautiful blue sea.  it has fields of green and sandy yellow beaches.  there are rivers, streams and lots of trees where the birds sing.  there are windmills and a coal mine and docks where visitors to the island arrive.  the island also has lots and lots of railway lines.  who's that puffing down the track.   it's thomas.  hello, thomas.   "hello, everybody.  welcome to the island of sodor."    today on the island of sodor, we find out what happens when percy discovers a track is wobbly...  and we find out who will collect the circus from brendham docks.  but first, gordon is making some very strange noises.    gordon is big and blue and the fastest engine on all of sodor.  he loves pulling the express.  gordon thinks it makes him the most important engine on the island.  one day, gordon was pulling the express out of brendham docks, but diesel was on the same line.  "out of my way." sniffed gordon.  "express train coming though." diesel had to back off.  this made him cross.  "you steamies are old and clapped out." he sneered.  "when sir topham hatt realizes this, you'll all be scrapped." "scrapped.." scoffed gordon.  "pah.  i'm as fast as i ever was." and he chuffed proudly out of the docks.  gordon was speeding through the beautiful countryside.  he was having a wonderful day.  but then he heard a horrible squeaking noise.   gordon was upset.  squeaking could only mean one thing: something was wrong.  "what if diesel's right." he thought.  "what if sir topham hatt scraps me." gordon squeaked sadly up the hill.  the hill was steep, and gordon had to slow down.   the slower he went, the quieter the squeak became.  gordon was delighted.  "aha." he said.  "if i go slowly, no one will hear me squeak." and he chuffed slowly back to tidmouth sheds.  that evening, sir topham hatt came to see gordon.  "tomorrow is a very special day," he said.  "i am taking some village children on a boat trip.  "you, gordon, are to take us to brendham docks.  the boat leaves at 9:00, so you must not be late." the next morning, gordon waited for everyone to go.  then he puffed slowly away, so no one would hear his squeak.  once out of the sheds, he started to pick up speed.  his pistons pumped, and his wheels spun, and he began to squeak again.   "oh, my." said gordon.  then he heard something even worse.  it was a rattle.   "oh, dear. oh, dear." he cried.  "diesel was right.  "i'm falling apart.  what will sir topham hatt say." so gordon slowed down.  gordon crawled slowly into the station to collect the children.  gordon's boiler sank.  if he went slowly, the children would miss their boat trip.  but if he went quickly, sir topham hatt would hear his squeak and his rattle.   he'd know gordon was wearing out and send him to the scrapyard.  with the children safely on board, gordon pulled slowly out of the station.  gordon chuffed slowly through the countryside.  he thought things were going well.  but sir topham hatt was very cross.  he spoke sternly to gordon.  "why are you fooling around, gordon." he boomed.  "you must go quickly, or the children will miss the boat.  and that will never do." "yes, sir," said gordon sadly.  "remember," added sir topham hatt, "you are the fastest engine on the island." this made gordon feel proud.  "this might be my last trip," he said, "but i'll get the children to their boat on time." his wheels turned faster.  his pistons pumped harder.  "must be on time, must be on time," he puffed.   soon he began to squeak... and rattle, too.  and then he heard another noise...   a knocking noise.  but gordon didn't care.  if this was his last trip, he was going to go as fast as he possibly could.  gordon squeaked and rattled and knocked all the way to brendham docks.  salty and henry were surprised.  they had never heard an engine make such awful noises.  "sounds like another steamie ready for the scrapyard." sneered diesel.  but gordon didn't care about diesel.  he had made good time, and the children would catch their boat.  "i made it." he cried proudly.  "thank you, gordon." shouted the children happily.  "i knew you could do it." said sir topham hatt.  "but why haven't you been to the repair yard." "the repair yard." gasped gordon.  "you have been making lots of noises," said sir topham hatt.  "you need to have your engine looked at." "so you're not going to scrap me." asked gordon.  "scrap gordon." boomed sir topham hatt.  "the fastest engine on sodor.  who would pull the express." gordon beamed with pride.  gordon spent the next day having his pistons polished, his axles greased and his wheels well oiled.  at last, he didn't make any more funny noises.  gordon was as good as new, and he felt even better.    thomas and emily have important jobs to do.  thomas needs to take some coal to brendham docks, and emily has to go to tidmouth sheds.  emily is puffing to tidmouth sheds, but a tree has fallen across the line.  emily has to go back.  thomas is puffing to brendham docks, but the track is closed for repair.  thomas has to go back.  thomas and emily have to use the same track, but they meet in the middle.  what can thomas and emily do.  thomas is puffing into the siding.  now they can share the track.  emily can get to tidmouth sheds, and thomas can get to brendham docks.  sharing the track was a good idea.  well done, thomas.   and well done, emily.     thomas is puffing through the countryside.  he is on his way to knapford yard.  but thomas stops puffing.  he has run out of coal.  now what is thomas going to do.  here comes edward.  i wonder if he can help.  edward asks his fireman to give thomas some of his coal.  edward is sharing his coal with thomas.  now they both have some coal, and thomas can puff all the way to knapford yard.  edward is chuffing cheerfully through the countryside.  but what's this.  edward has to stop.  he has run out of water.   but here comes henry.  henry has lots of water.  henry shares his water with edward.   now they both have some water, and edward can finish his journey.  henry is puffing into the yard.  he is ready to collect a special delivery.  but there are too many freight cars for henry to pull.  thomas and edward only have a few freight cars.  henry shares his freight cars with thomas and edward.  thomas, edward and henry all share.  it makes them happy and gets the job done.   at harvesttime, the air is filled with the smell of fresh fruit and vegetables.  the engines happily deliver their loads to market.  but one day, mist and rain swirled down toby's line.  percy was delivering a load of fresh tomatoes.   suddenly, he felt a big bump.  "bust my buffers." percy cried.  "what was that." the guard put out the warning flags, while percy's driver inspected the tracks.  "the earth's crumbling," he said.  "we must tell sir topham hatt," decided percy.  percy puffed back as fast as he could.  "i've got important news.  the tracks on toby's line are wobbly." "ha." huffed gordon.  "old and wobbly, just like toby.  "that's not news.  can't stop to listen to your silly chatter." "gordon never listens to me," muttered percy.  next he spoke to sir topham hatt.  "sir. sir." "not now, percy.  "thomas, you are to collect the prize bull.  he's at the farm on toby's line." "yes, sir." "but those tracks are wobbly." cried percy.  "they are safe enough," said sir topham hatt.   "bye, percy." "nobody ever listens to me." thomas was carefully chuffing through the rain.  soon, he had collected the farmer's bull and was on his way back.  the rain had made the tracks more wobbly than ever.  suddenly, there was a deep rumbling sound.  thomas's driver applied the brakes, but it was too late.   "cinders and ashes." cried thomas.  "we're stuck." and they were.   late that night, thomas still hadn't returned.  percy was worried.  "thomas is in trouble," he said.  gordon and james took no notice.  "worry wheels." huffed gordon.  "fussy funnel." said james.  "please," percy asked his driver, "can we find thomas." "right away," said his driver.  percy was nervous, but his lamp shone brightly in the dark.  the tracks creaked and wobbled, but percy pressed on.  "percy." cried thomas.  thomas was very happy to see his friend.  "i'll have you out of there in no time," said percy.  percy puffed and pulled...  and pulled...  and puffed...  and finally, thomas and his driver were free.  "oh, thank you," said thomas.  "i'm glad to be useful," smiled percy.  it was dawn before the track was cleared.  then percy and thomas made their way back home.   "thomas is here." whistled percy.  "percy saved the day." said thomas.  "hmm." agreed the bull.  "i'm sorry, percy," said sir topham hatt.  "we must do a better job of listening to you in the future." percy was pleased.   sir topham hatt has sent percy and thomas to collect some freight cars.  how many freight cars are there.  one... two... three... four... five... six.  there are six freight cars.  how many freight cars should thomas and percy each pull.  thomas takes five freight cars.  that only leaves one freight car for percy.  percy wants to take the same number of freight cars as thomas.  how many freight cars should percy take.  percy takes four freight cars.  now thomas only has two freight cars.  they still haven't got the same number of freight cars.  how many freight cars should they each take.  thomas takes three freight cars.  how many does percy have.  one... two... three freight carsthe same number as thomas.  they have three freight cars each.  well done, percy and thomas.     it was a glorious day on the island of sodor.  villagers, children, even sir topham hatt was excited.  the circus was coming.  the engines were thrilled.  they loved the circus, too.  percy loved the horses.   james loved the clowns.  children gathered on the bridges.  they were waiting to see the circus pass by.  thomas became more and more excited.  everyone wanted to collect the circus from brendham docks.  sir topham hatt came to tidmouth sheds.  he had exciting news for thomas.  "thomas, you are to collect the circus." he boomed.  thomas was very happy.  pulling the circus sounded like wonderful fun.  "but if there are too many freight cars for you to pull," added sir topham hatt, "you must share the work with another engine." percy and james were pleased.  maybe they'd get to pull the circus after all.  thomas puffed over to brendham docks.  thomas steamed into the docks.  cranky was unloading the circus.  thomas was amazed.  there were trailers and horse boxes, colorful costumes, coaches and flatbeds as far as the eye could see.  thomas was so excited, his axles tingled.   the acrobats and clowns climbed aboard annie and clarabel.  thomas buffered up to collect the coaches.  "do you want a wheel there, matey." asked salty cheerfully.  thomas remembered what sir topham hatt had said about sharing the work.  but the band started playing, and everybody was cheering.   storyteller: thomas thought this was the most wonderful special delivery ever.  even though the train was very heavy, he didn't want to share it.  "no, thank you, salty," he gasped.  "i can do it on my own." and thomas took the biggest puff he could and slowly pulled away.  thomas trundled through the countryside.  his pistons pumped, and his traction rods rattled.  but thomas didn't notice.  he was having far too much fun.  thomas puffed toward maron station.  he had a wonderful surprise.  passengers and staff waved and cheered as he passed by.   storyteller: the band played on, and thomas blew his whistle in time with the trumpet.  thomas felt very special.  pulling the circus was lots of fun.  thomas stopped by a bridge.  percy was waiting there, too.  children waved to thomas and the circ.   thomas blew his whistle.  percy wanted to join in.  "is there anything i can take." asked percy hopefully.  but thomas wanted to keep all the fun to himself.  "no, thank you," he gasped.  "i can do it all on my own." percy watched thomas and the circus slowly chuff away.  he felt very disappointed.  thomas puffed on.  the train started to feel heavier and heavier.  his traction rods were rattling more than ever.  thomas stopped at a junction.  james was waiting in a siding.  james thought the band sounded very jolly.  "if you want to uncouple some freight cars," he said hopefully, "i could take them for you." "no, thank you," gasped thomas.  "i can do it all on my own." he didn't want to miss out on any of the fun.  thomas steamed on, but every huff and every chuff got harder and harder.  thomas passed through the next station, but he was almost out of puff.  thomas wasn't having fun anymore.  then there was trouble.  with a horrible creak and a terrible crack, thomas's traction rods broke.  thomas stopped with a jolt.  suddenly, it was very quiet.  thomas felt very sad.  thomas's driver telephoned for help.  even the performers practicing in the field didn't make thomas feel better.  thomas wished he had shared the heavy load.  soon, percy and james arrived.  james brought new traction rods, and percy brought hay for the horses.  but thomas still felt miserable.  "i wish i'd shared the work with you," he said sadly.  "don't worry," puffed percy.  "we can all have fun now." said james cheerfully.  and he was right.  while thomas's traction rods were replaced, they all enjoyed watching the circus performers practice.    then thomas shared the freight cars.  percy took the horses.  james took the performers.  then the band started playing.  "this is fun." puffed thomas.   all three engines blew their whistles, and the long and jolly train set off.  later, the friends watched as the big tent was put up.  "thank you for helping me," puffed thomas.  "sharing your work makes things much easier.  but sharing the fun is the best fun of all." and everyone agreed.     children's chorus :  captioning sponsored by the u.s. department of education and hit entertainment captioned by media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org because nothing inspires the imaginationus ...is proud to support thomas & friendsonpbs kids.  because when it comes to encouraging your child's creativity, we believe the best lessons in life are based on play.  toys and infantcare products.   )