 temporary inhabitants of foreign lands.  their story has included enslavement in egypt, captivity in babylon, exile from their land, destruction of their capital city, and centuries of antisemitism.  ..  but they're still here.  and by contributionsto your pbs station from viewers like you.  narrator: the story of the jewish people begins in the ancient world nearly 4,000 years ago, with a man called abraham.  by developing a relationship with a single god, abraham would form the first major monotheistic religion.  the earliest source we have for telling the story is the hebrew bible, a book written as a document of faith.  according to the bible, the beginnings of israelite,or jewish, history occur when abrahamresponds to the call of god and migrates from mesopotamiato canaan.  narrator: it was in canaangod spoke to abraham again, offering him a covenant.  if abraham would circumcise himself and ensure his offspring would do the same, his descendants would become a great nation.  abraham accepted the offer.  and so began the first major tradition of the jewish faith.  from abraham's descendants were born a people who came to be known as the israelites, and in later years, the jews.  dever: the name "israelite" first appears on an egyptian inscription which is dated to about 1206.  and it mentions a group of people living somewhere presumably in central canaan who are called israelites.  and they're designated as a people tribally organized, not yet having a state of some sort.  narrator: about 200 years after god's covenant with abraham, the israelites faced one of their first major challenges enslavement in egypt.  dever: we know about slaves from canaan.  we even have a wonderful egyptian relief showing ramses ii beating a canaanite slave.  narrator: the bible explains that a huge community of israelites had been enslaved and suffered terribly under the egyptian pharaoh.  the pharaoh forced them into hard labor and made them build cities for him.  the israelites prayed to their one god for help.  "we cried to the lord, the god of our fathers," they said.  "and the lord heard our pleas, "saw our plight, " recalling the divine covenant with abraham, god selected a man named moses to lead the israelites out of bondage.  moses went to the pharaoh, demanding the release of the israelites.  he refused.  but as the bible explains, god sent 10 plagues over the land of egypt.  he turned their water to blood.  he sent swarms of frogs.  he killed their cattle.  the egyptians resisted them all, until the final and tenth plague the slaying of every firstborn son in egypt.  the israelite sons were spared.  moses instructed each israelite household to mark its door with lamb's blood to let god know which homes to pass over.  his own son lost in the tenth plague, the pharaoh gave up his fight.  he ordered the israelites to leave.  and we cannot,in an academic way, determine whetherthese events happened.  and it's simply a matter of religious belief whether one wants to believe it happened or not.  there is no test of this information.  one thing which is interesting, however, is, people will often say, "the only account " apparently, these events, in some way or another because the biblical accounts sometimes differ were widely believed to have happened by israelites in biblical times.  but there is no external proof of these events.  narrator: this early story of survival, enduring slavery, and the exodus from egypt has become the basis of one of judaism's most passionately observed holidays known aspesachin hebrew and "passover" in english, because the homes of the israelites were passed over.   at a celebration known as a seder, jews each year remember the night the enslaved israelites, with the help of god, defeated their taskmasters, escaped their bondage, and became free.   what is a seder.  a seder simply is a way of saying to each other that whatever happened4,000 years ago is still in our life.  we say, for instance, after the four questions, saying, "why is this night different from all other " the answer is, "because we were slaves in " wewere slaves.  and we tell the story about it.  and we tell the marvelous story about how a people frees itself from bondage and becomes a people.   woman: today, the joke is, "they tried to kill us.  " but in the past,it really was, "you may thinkgod has abandoned you," or, "the nations may think "god has abandonedthe jewish people.  " so there is this the sense of redemption past is really an important, it's an important lifeline to making sense of the present.    bravo.  my father alwayslikes to do a comparison i guess many soviet families do a comparison of the during passover, a comparison of the flight of the jews from egypt and the flight of the jews from the soviet union.  narrator: beginningin the late 1960s, after immense pressure from jewish groupsaround the world, hundreds of thousands of jews fled the ussr in search of the religious and social freedoms they had been denied by the soviets.  russian jewry was able to maintain some type of cohesion.  i know there are answers the russians made them write that they were jewish on the passport, they were subjected to antisemitism every single point at which this happens, there's another explanation, but there is something about jewish cohesion which somehow worksto keep them together.  narrator: the soviet jewsfound freedom in their modernday exodus,just as their ancestors had so many centuries before.  after their escape from egypt, for moses and the israelites, the journey continued back toward the promised land.  it would take 40 years of wandering across the brutal sinai desert, yet from this journey, the jewish religion would gain another foundation for its beliefs and unity.  woman: tradition tells us that the israelites gather at the base of mount sinai, at which point god appearsto the israelites in a revelation,asks moses to come forward and go up the mountain.  moses comes down from the mountain bearing the 10 commandments on stone.  this is according to narratives inexodus.  narrator: the 10 commandments were more than just random rules.  they became an ethical code that instructed the israelites how to live.  according to jewish tradition, god also gave to the jews through moses a series of texts known as the torah.  the torah was later combined with other books, known as the prophets and the writings, which together formed the hebrew bible.  the hebrew bible is the oldest continuous living literary tradition that has never been broken, going back nearly 3,000 years or more.  why.  an archaeologist can't answer that question.  we can tell you how the bible originated and where and when and how its stories came to be handed down and how much truth there is in them.  but the quest for ultimate meaning is not one that an archaeologist can answer, except for himself or herself.  and jews have always appreciated that.  narrator: the torah and the rest of the bible laid down the central events of israelite history, including the beginning of time, god's covenant with abraham, the exodus from egypt, and countless other stories.  the torah is one crystallizationof oral traditions that had becomesacred to the community.  some of these are narratives that account for how the community came to be as it is.  there is religious poetry in the hebrew bible.  it is a small library or anthology, which really contains the literary treasures of the community.  narrator: the hebrew bible also was, and still is, the source of many jewish religious laws, known ashalakha.  hayes: law, for the ancient israelites, included every imaginable aspect of life, from the way you sowed your crops in the field to how you distributed charity to marriage relations, personal status laws, everything that we think of as civil and criminal and penal law but in addition, moral law and religious law.  there wasn't an area of life that was outside of god's interest and concern.  narrator: with the 10 commandments and torah, the israelites now had a definitive series of texts that unified them beyond mere tribal loyalty.  hayes: the torah, because it is such an anthology of so many different kinds of materials, became a resource, then, for jews in later times.  when they needed to comprehend what was happening in their own experience, they could find any number of prior reflections on the meaning of suffering, the meaning of history, what it is to live according to god's will.  narrator: these texts provided the israelites with a sense of shared history and beliefs.  some 200 years later, , two successive kings david, then solomon would give them a nation, a capital city, and a temple.  at this time, the jewswere living as 12 loosely affiliated tribes in the land of canaan.  david, seeking to unite the tribes, captured jerusalem from the local people, known as the jebusites, and made it his capital city.  schiffman: and why jerusalem.  because jerusalem was midway between the north and south.  it wasn't anybody's territory.  by making this place the physical center, which it was, he made it the religious and political center, created the cohesive, quote, "government," which solomon would inherit.  narrator: david brought the ark of the covenant, which held the 10 commandments, into the city and made a promise that a temple would be built for god.  after david died, his son, solomon, built the temple.  schiffman: by the time he built that temple, it basically created a cohesive nation which would see itself as grouped around the temple, whose religion and politics would together be bound up in that place, jerusalem.  narrator: the temple became the center of life for the israelites and survived for some 400 years, until the early 6th century, with the arrival of the armies of babylon, led by their king, nebuchadnezzar.  the babylonians sought to fold the israelite kingdom into their empire.  after a series of rebellions by the israelites, the babylonians destroyed jerusalem, exiled countless israelites to babylon, and in a final blow, destroyed the israelite temple.  these events werethe largest challenge to jewish existencesince enslavement in egypt.  jeremiah, a biblical prophet, offered hope and direction to the jews going into exile, telling them to take wives and give birth to children, plant crops.  " the temple is destroyed. jerusalem is destroyed.  the israelite and judean peoples are exiled.  as an archaeologist, as far as i'm concerned, that should have been the end of the story.  but it was the beginning.  narrator: the babylonian conquest might have been the end of the israelites, but an unforeseen event occurred in 539 b.c.e.  the emerging persian empire, led by cyrus the great, vanquished the babylonians.  suddenly and unexpectedly, a new life began for the jews.  the persians allowed them to return home and to rebuild the temple.  woman: before the persians, the other ancient near eastern empires, like the babylonians, had been very intolerant in their religious policies.  so the policy of the persianswas remarkably tolerant and probably the reason was that the persians rightly recognized that if people had a certain degree of religious freedom, they would be less likely to rebel against the rule.  and in fact, that's the case.  the jews never rebelled against the rule of the persians.  i personally think that if the jews had not been allowed to return from babylonian exile to jerusalem and rebuild the temple some 60, 65 years later, that they may well have disappeared eventually, because it was eventually the rebuilding of the temple that allowed them to keep their identity as a separate religious group.  narrator: god, they believed, had honored his covenant with them, just as he had in the past.  the jews would not be overcome.  they would continue as a people.  in the first century of the common era, the jews faced yet another threat to their existence this one larger than anything before.  the roman empire.  the jews, unhappy with their roman overlords, rebelled.  the jews won a few small skirmishes against the romans.  but the romans were far more powerful.  , the romans crushed the jewish rebellion, drove countless jews into exile, and destroyed the temple for good.  making things even harder for the jews, the romans in later years banned them from jerusalem.  magness: the real key defining moment is what happens after the destruction , because that temple was never rebuilt.  the reason judaism was able to survive as a religion survive the destruction of the second temple and the fact that it's not rebuilt soon after the destruction what makes judaism different from other ancient religions is that judaism not only included the component of a sacrificial cult in a temple building, but also a set of laws that the god of israel gave his people.  so really it was the observance of the laws of the torah which enabled judaism to survive the destruction of the temple.  the temple's collapse twice first under nebuchadnezzarin 587 before the common era, again under the romans inthe year 70 of the common era and a small group of people called "rabbis" who said, "you know, the end of the building, "the end of the land, doesn't have to be " all people usually celebrate victories.  the jewish people alone remembers defeats.   twice in our history the temple of jerusalem was destroyed.  and we consider it as a day of mourning.  literally, day of mourning.  we observe the laws of mourning as if it happened yesterday which means we sit on the floor, usually fast, ontisha b'av.  narrator: the jews of the land of israel had been defeated.  but outside the region, a new phase of jewish life was emergi.  more and more jews were dispersing to other parts of the roman empire and beyond, seeking opportunity.  klepper: there were economic incentives good reasons for jews to live throughout the roman empire.  we've heard the phrase pax romana, we've heard about that notion that the roman empire created channels of trade, travel, connections, one part of the world to another, europe, north africa, and so on.  jews were part of that, as well.  magness: by the time the second temple , there's a large jewish diaspora living outside the land of israel.  all the way from babylonia,mesopotamia on the east that is the areaof modern iraq through asia minor that'sthe area of modern turkey italy, north africa, egypt.  so there are jewish communities all over the mediterranean world by this point.  hirschfield: what does it mean to go from a group of people who are defined by their residency in one specific place to being a people that lives across the globe, that has no one central place of worship, that mixes far more freely with the nonjewish culture around them.  not just nonjews around them, the culture itself.  balin: it means being anam yisrael, thepeopleof israel.  there is an understanding, both internally and externally, that the jews constitute a group living communally, living according to their own laws and ancestral traditions.  narrator: migrating to new lands, the jews would come face to face with many new challenges.  yet, as they had so many times before, they would find the tools they needed to continue as a people and survive.  a survival" will continue injust a few moments.  it isa fascinating story of the courageand just the tenacity of a race of people, of folks who reallyshouldn't be here if you followthe historians.  it's just amazing thatall this time later, we're still here,still thriving.  it is trulya story of survival, and it will continuein just a few moments here on your pbsstation.  it is made possible byyour pledges of support.  if you call the numberon the screen right now and make that pledge of support,you're sending the message this this isthe kind of programming that you want to see onyour pbs station.  all you have to do ispick up the phone and make thatpledge of support.  we have the producerof the program, andrew goldberg is herein the studios with us.  you're going to meet himin just a few moments, see what he's up to,and what it took to make thisfascinating program.  and i hope you realizethat this is not the kind of programs thatyou're going to see anywhere else but here.  and it is also notunusual to see this kind of program onyour pbs station.  because yourfriends and neighbors have made pledges ofsupport in the past, told us this is the kindof program they value, that they want theirchildren to know about, their grandchildrento know about, and we have a thankyougift for you right now.  this is a dvd foryour $90 pledge.  it has 30 minutesof additional material.  it is exclusive, you can'tget it anywhere else but by becoming a supporterof this pbs station.  we want to send this to youfor your pledge of support.  all you have to dois call that number on the bottom of your screen,so get to the phones right now before we go back to parttwo of this program, make thatpledge of support.  thank you so very much.  thank you, david,and when you do that, when you call this station, when you callthe number on your screen, you're doing somethingvery important.  you are saying you want to seemore of this kind of program, but you're also saying thatyou're going to do your part for jewish cultural programmingin general.  you're doingtzedakah.  i'm susan hellman.  i am so proud to bepart of this program because this is the kind ofprogram that we need for our children,for our grandchildren, and how do you makethat happen.  you become a producer, in part,by making that donation.  if you can donateat the $60 level, we have a great companion bookby max dimont.  " and this book actuallyis a basis in some parts for the showthat you are watching.  we also, of course, havethe dvd, as david mentioned, a story of survival," with 30 minutes of additionalbonus material, more great interviews,so many great historians and great minds that werebrought together for this program couldn't getthem all into an hour, but we have themon the dvd.  and if you can't make upyour mind, or if you'd really like boththe book and the dvd, we will give it to youat a special level of $125.  that's your contributionto pbs.  it's not a purchaseof these items.  you are saying, yes, i want tosee more programing like this.  yes, i want to tell everyonehow important the jewish story is, and you are joining usin doing that.  we are very lucky,we have the producer of this program,andrew goldberg, here.  thank you forjoining us, andrew.  certainly not the firsttime you've been at pbs.  hope youall recognize him, you've seen the othershows he's done.  what's a nice jewish boylike you doing withthese programs.  you've made programsabout a yiddish world, about antisemitism.  what is it about the story of survivalspecifically.  really uniqueto the jewish culture, but what drew youto make this program.  well, it's interesting.  i sat atthe passover seder this year.  my grandmotherwas no longer there, she diedjust a few months before.  and i realized that thisis a tradition, this is a story that has been passed downfor so many thousands of years, and it beginswith a story of an attempt by another nationto literally get rid of or control or stopthe jewish people, and when you lookat our history, we have example after exampleafter example of nations, of individuals,of countries, of cultures trying to stop the jewish peoplefrom either existing or from continuingor from growing.  yet there's somethingfascinating in all of that, but yet there's somethingtragic in it and there's something wonderful about it we've managed, as a people, to continue all these years.  as a journalist, i lookedat this story and realized that i don't need to bringmy jewish feeling to it, i don't need to do anything.  this story, all by itself,is incredible.  and i felt a responsibility,a real responsibility to continue the traditionin the way that i could, because so many people have diedto keep the judaism alive, and i felt that it isa burden in a certain way and also an honor to be ableto carry this forward, so that was why we really brought a whole team togetherto put this together for pbs.  thankfully, you havethe talent to do that, because it is so important tobridge the past and the present, and as elie wiesel says,it's about us.  it's about we we survived.  it's nottheysurvived,it's we.  and you can do your partalso.  andrew produced the program,thank you again, and you now, by making thatphone call to your pbs station, you ensure that more programslike this can happen, because this isnot the end of the road.  we did an hour.  this should have been 20 hours.  it is exactly because,here in public television, we depend so muchon the support of viewers.  could you imagine the power ofdoing 10 hours about our story, or 20 hours about our story.  that hasn't been donein over a decade, and there are so many newideas and developments, and this is something we canpass on to our children.  they don't like to read,they want to play video games.  well, now we have a very to the highest intellectualstandards but yet now we can do itin a medium that they can watch, so someone can pass it onto their children.  hellman: it's very important,and when you make that donation, remember, this is something that will preserve the historygoing forward, maybe make a donationto a school or get this foryour grandchild, because it's a storythat needs to be told, and it's a story,unfortunately, that a lot of younger people are notgoing to want to read.  just the fact that andrewis a young producer, making these programs forthe past 10 years at least.  do we both admit we've beenworking at pbs that long.  but you can make itcontinue.  call thatnumber on your screen, join usin this mission.  callthe number.make it happen.  show your contribution ofsupport, dotzedakah.  support,you pbs to bring you the very bestof heritage programs, " when you makea contribution of $60, our gift to you will bethe softcover book, " this is a livelyand fascinating look at how the jews havecontributed to humankind's spiritualand intellectual heritage, in remarkable ways and acrossa remarkable span of history.  make a donationof $90 today, and we'll send you thecompanion dvd of the program, a heartwarming storyof survival.  the dvd is exclusiveto pbs supporters and includes an additional30 minutes of bonus material featuring interviews that youdidn't see during this broadcast.  as our way of saying thank youfor a gift of $125, you'll receivethe softcover book and the dvd of the program.  become our partnerin programming.  your support reallymakes a difference.  donate what you can right now,and thank you.  when you think of just all the civilizations throughout history that have tried to make sure that the jewish people did not survive, and those civilizations which are no longer here, it is fascinating.  i find it just amazing the way this program just goes down the litany of these civilizations which we all call ancient civilizations.  guess what, the jewish people are also an ancient civilization and yet we survive.  it is just amazing.  in spite of all the enemies, and in public television, we have survived.  it shouldn't happen.  we shouldn't just put programs on the air and expect you to make a pledge of support because you happen to like the program, but that's the way it works at pbs, that's the way it works in public television, and it is made possible, truly, with your pledges of support, when you make a donation to this pbs station thank you again for your support.  now, andrew, coming upin the next segment, there's a crucial part of the jewish cultureand history.  tell us what we'll be seeingin the next segment.  there's a few things one is, there's a very marked changewhich we touched on in act one, that we'll explore more deeply,which is, how things change with the relationshipto jews and god, and when you look backhistorically, when you read the bible,jews are always talking to god, god is coming downand saying, "do this, do " and yet today,where is his presence.  whether or not you'rereligious or not, or how observant you are, there's a very marked changein how that history unfolds.  that's something that's veryinteresting to me.  and another thing i thinkpeople will things that people don'tnormally kout, we really start to exploreantisemitism, too, in act two, which is obviously suchan integral part of this story and we see how it beginsand comes through.  you only had an hourfor this program, so, what is thereon the bonus material that we will seein the dvd.  goldberg: one of the things,because we have to cover 4,000 years in 60 minutes, isthat some of these explanations and ideas are really expandedin the bonus material, so we have an extra half an hourof much longer, 10, 15, 20 minutes,talking to people about these stories and ideas thatwere touched on in the program, and then you'll hearthe whole conversation in the bonus material, which ithink really adds a lot.  and what you're doing remember, these are not purchases,the dvd, you are contributing sothat andrew i'm sure you have manymore ideas about programs that youwant to produce.  we could have a whole hourabout andrew's ideas.  there are many stories to tellabout the jewish people.  make it happen, make that call,make that call of support.  the number's right thereon your screen.  you're supportingyour pbs station, but you're also supportingjewish history and jewish culture,you're keeping it alive, and that's so important,that's why you do what you do.  there are many programsyou could produce for commercial networks.  goldberg: it's interesting,when i call up you know, i've workedin network television, i've worked forall the big companies, and when you bring these kindof shows to them, they look at you likeyou're crazy.  the networks are not interestedin shows about cultural survival,jewish history.  these are not importantstories for them. )