  lego duplo proudly supports thomas & friends on pbs kids, where imagination and creative play fuel your child's journey.  building sets for preschoolers.       . they're two, they're four, they're six, they're eight .  . shunting trucks and hauling freight .  . red and green and brown and blue .  . they're the really useful crew .  . all with different roles to play .  . round tidmouth sheds or far away .  . down the hills and round the bends .  . thomas and his friends .   the island of sodor is surrounded by beautiful blue sea.  it has fields of green and sandy yellow beaches.  there are rivers, streams, and lots of trees, where the birds sing.  there are windmills and a coal mine and docks where visitors to the island arrive.  the island also has lots and lots of railway lines.  who's that puffing down the track.   it's thomas.  hello, thomas.   hello, everybody.  welcome to the island of sodor.      today on the island of sodor, freddie plans a surprise ..  and we meet one of thomas' favorite friends.  but first, thomas has to collect a very important passenger.    thomas is a really useful tank engine.  whenever anyone is in trouble, thomas is always there to help.   and because thomas helps, deliveries are made on time without confusion and delay.   one day, thomas was at maithwaite station.  sir topham hatt arrived on board percy.   thomas, i need you to collect a very important passenger.  he's a firefighter and a hero.  he rescued lady hatt's cat from a tree.  a hero.  now we're going to give him a medal.   thomas puffed away to collect the firefighter.  he was very excited.  he was going to meet a real hero.  on the way, thomas saw lots of children at the bus stop.  they were excited too.  we're going to see the firefighter.  bertie the bus is taking us to the medal ceremony.   then, up ahead, thomas saw a water tower through the trees.  the water tower was starting to wobble.  thomas saw duck was right next to it.  oh, no.  the water tower is going to fall on duck.  i must rescue him.   thomas blew his whistle loudly.  quick, duck.  move. now.   duck huffed quickly forward.  the water tower crashed to the ground.   i rescued you.  no, you didn't.  rocky was putting the water tower on my flatbed, and now it's smashed.   thomas hadn't seen rocky.  rocky had been hidden behind the trees.  i'm sorry, but i don't have time to help you.  i have to collect the firefighter.  he's a hero.    later, thomas saw a tree that had fallen onto the tracks.  "that looks dangerous," thought thomas.  "i must go and tell " thomas backed up to a signal box.  there's a tree on the line.  the engines must take another track.  the signalman changed the points.  just then, harvey raced towards the junction.  he changed tracks and puffed down the other line.  harvey was surprised.  thomas was very pleased with himself.  "i rescued harvey," thomas thought proudly.  " thomas chuffed on to collect the firefighter.  he saw donald and douglas stuck behind the fallen tree.  i hope harvey gets here soon.  aye, we can't go anywhere until he moves this tree.   thomas knew he'd made a mistake.   oh, no.  i made harvey take the other track.  i'm not a hero at all.  we need harvey.  i'm sorry, but i don't have time to find harvey.  i have to collect the firefighter.  he's a hero.    then thomas saw toby.  smoke and steam billowed from toby's axles.  toby's broken down on gordon's express line.   oh, no.  here comes gordon.  i have to rescue toby.  so thomas puffed quickly back to the points.  he changed over onto the express line.   thomas buffered up behind toby and shunted him as fast as he could.  help. help.  help. heeeelp.   "don't worry, toby," said thomas, and he shunted toby off the express line and into a siding.  gordon chuffed past.  he didn't see toby.   i rescued you.  no, you didn't.  gordon was bringing a mechanic to fix me.   thomas knew he'd made another mistake.  i haven't rescued anyone.  i'm not a hero, and now the firefighter won't get to the medal ceremony on time.   thomas felt terrible.  just then, percy puffed up.  percy, will you go and pick up the firefighter for me.  percy was very pleased.  you'll have to hurry.  the medal ceremony starts soon.   so percy raced away.  thomas knew what he had to do now.  thomas collected the mechanic ..  and took him to fix toby.  then thomas found harvey.  he took harvey to move the fallen tree.   harvey soon cleared the track.  thomas puffed sadly back to tidmouth.  he saw bertie the bus.  the children were standing around him.  what's the matter.  i'm stuck in the mud.  now i can't take the children to the medal ceremony.  shall i take the children for you.  yes, please.   so all the children climbed on board annie and clarabel, and thomas puffed away.  thomas arrived at the medal ceremony just in time.  sir topham hatt and lady hatt gave the firefighter his medal.  the children were very happy.  you're a hero.  and you're our hero, thomas.   thomas the hero beamed from buffer to buffer.   all sir topham hatt's engines look different.  can you tell who this is.  this engine has three big pairs of wheels, six small pairs of wheels, and a short, wide funnel.  what else can you see on this engine.  it's the number 4.  can you remember which of sir topham hatt's engines is number 4.  here's another clue.  this engine is a beautiful bright blue color.  only one engine has all those wheels, is blue, and wears number 4.  do you know who it is.  that's right.  it's gordon.  hello, gordon.      . .    the island of sodor is home to lots of thomas' friends: friends on the rails, friends on the roads, and even some friends in the air.  they're all very different and each very special, and they are all thomas' friends.  percy is thomas' best friend.  percy is a small green tank engine.  percy is very proud of his home, the island of sodor.  one day, a famous artist arrived on the island.  sir topham hatt had chosen percy to show the famous artist the special places.  the famous artist will choose the most special one to paint.  thomas was very excited for his best friend.   the famous artist boarded percy, and percy puffed proudly away.   first, percy took the famous artist to shen valley, but the famous artist " next, they went to noramby beach, but the famous artist said it was " the viaduct was .." and the windmill was " at last, percy pulled into knapford station.  he was sure the famous artist would think knapford was very special, but the famous artist " percy was so cross, his boiler bubbled, and his face went red as james.  he told the famous artist that everywhere on sodor was special, and he wheeshed steam as crossly as he could.  thomas was very proud that his friend was so brave in front of the famous artist.  sometimes, percy gets muddled.  that's when his best friend, thomas, can help him.  one day, sir topham hatt was sick.  lady hatt told percy he was the controller for the day.  she told percy to give gordon, james, and toby special jobs.  thomas wanted to help percy, but percy was sure he didn't need anyone's help.   later, percy had muddled up lady hatt's orders.  he had given the engines all the wrong jobs.  all the engines were very upset.  it was a terrible mess.  now percy really needed thomas' help.  thomas was happy to help his friend.  thomas knew that together they could put everything right.  and by the end of the day, all of the engines were doing the right jobs.  together, thomas and percy, the two tank engines, are always happy to huff and puff, chuckle and chatter, and be really good friends.    emily, percy, and thomas are about to set off from tidmouth sheds.  each one of them is going to a surprise destination.  there's the washdown, the coal hopper, and the water tower.  let's find out where they are going.  percy leaves first.  he steams along his track, rounds lots of corners.  it's very twisty.  where do you think it's going to take him.  it looks like percy ..  the water tower.  surprise.  well done, percy.  who's next.  emily.  where will emily be going.  emily twists in and out, around and about.  can you see where she's going yet.  it looks like the coal hopper.  surprise.  well done, emily.  and now it's thomas' turn.  where will he go.  thomas' track twists round to the right and round to the left.  surprise.  thomas arrives at the washdown.  everyone found their surprise destination.  well done, thomas.   well done, emily.   and well done, percy.    in the hills of sodor, it was time for the narrowgauge controller's winter holiday party.  the party was held at his house.  all of the children looked forward to it.  percival and his family lived near the engine depot, so all the narrowgauge engines could enjoy the party too.  it was the day of the party.  freddie was working with colin the crane.  they were very good friends.  freddie was excited.  this party will be the biggest party ever.   then mr. percival arrived.  all this cargo must be loaded before the party.  yes, sir.  you can rely on us.  i must visit mountain village station.  i will be back in time for freddie to take me to the party.  yes, sir.   freddie told colin all about the party.  there'll be decorations, presents, and a big tree covered in lights.   freddie was excited.  colin wasn't.   i've never been to a party.   colin was fixed in one place.  he couldn't move from the siding.   we never have parties at the wharf.   then freddie had an idea.  "maybe this year, "they could have the party at the wharf.  it would be a surprise party for colin," he thought cheerily.  freddie had to find mr. percival.  he wanted to ask him if they could have the party at the wharf.  i have to go and collect another flatbed.   and freddie raced away.  percival bicycling away.  then he saw peter sam.  he was pulling a flatbed full of presents and colored lights.  "those must be for the party," freddie huffed to himself.  "i have to stop peter sam taking them "  so freddie didn't chuff after mr. percival.  he raced after peter sam instead.  peter sam, stop.  stop.  the party is now at the wharf.   peter sam was surprised.  it will be a surprise party for colin.  i'll take your flatbed.  will you tell the other engines.  all right, freddie.   and peter sam raced away.  freddie shunted the flatbed to colin.  leave this flatbed until i come back.   colin was puzzled, but he still had lots to do, so he carried on working.  percival," freddie thought, and he raced away.  on his way, freddie met rusty.  there was something long and pointy on his flatbed.  it's the tree for the party.  the party is now at the wharf.   rusty was surprised.  i'll take your tree.  will you tell the other engines.  all right, freddie.   and rusty raced quickly away.  freddie puffed and huffed to colin.  leave this flatbed until i come back.   colin was puzzled.  but colin still had lots of other work to do.  so freddie raced away.  it was getting late, and freddie still percival if they could have the party at the wharf.  at last, freddie puffed up to mountain village station, but mr. percival wasn't there.  percival's already gone back to the wharf.  oh no.  i must puff back as quickly as i can.   at the wharf, the two flatbeds were still waiting to be unloaded.  mr. percival was cross.  please unload these at once.   freddie had told colin to wait for him, but colin didn't want freddie to get into trouble.  yes, sir.   percival went to look for freddie.  soon, freddie puffed up to colin.  i waited for you, percival told me to finish the job.  it's all done now.   he was very pleased.  freddie looked down at the canal.  he wasn't pleased at all.  the lights, presents, and the tree were floating away on a barge.  the children would soon arrive percival's house, and there was nothing there for the party.  and there was nothing at the wharf either.  " freddie huffed to himself.  "and i still haven't found " he felt terrible.  i must stop the barge.   then, freddie saw mr. percival.  he knew what he had to do.  freddie chuffed over to see mr. percival.  where have you been.   freddie told him all about his idea to have the party at the wharf.  it was a surprise for colin, sir.  colin has never been to a party.   percival thought having the party at the wharf was a very good idea.  but you should have asked me first.  ah, yes, sir.  if i work quickly, i can still put everything right.  all right, freddie, but hurry now.   freddie raced to catch up with the barge.  he called out to the barge man.  stop.  please turn around and go back to colin.  all right, freddie.   freddie steamed back to colin.  he told colin all about the party.  i wanted to have a surprise party for you.  for me.   colin was delighted and surprised.  soon, colin was unloading everything for the party.  now freddie felt very happy.  he steamed away to mr. percival's house.   freddie whistled ..  the party is now at the wharf.  hooray. hooray.   and they whooshed away.  all the other engines were waiting at the wharf, even thomas.  presents were piled high.  the tree was covered in lights, and so was colin.  what a wonderful party.  thank you, freddie.   freddie was delighted.  all the engines whistled and tooted.  the children cheered and cheered.  it was their best winter holiday party ever.      . .    . .   captioning bycaptionmax www.captionmax.com   all aboard for an amazing journey.  let a child's imagination take you places you never thought possible.  lego duplo proudly supports thomas & friendson pbs kids.   .  doink.   pbs kids.   )