  the island of sodor is surrounded by beautiful blue sea.  it has fields of green and sandy yellow beaches.  there are rivers, streams, and lots of trees, where the birds sing.  there are windmills and a coal mine and docks where visitors to the island arrive.  the island also has lots and lots of railway lines.  who's that puffing down the track.   it's thomas.  hello, thomas.   hello, everybody.  welcome to the island of sodor.      today on the island of sodor, edward is given a very special special.  and we meet some of thomas' favorite friends.  but first, lots of engines are gathering at tidmouth sheds.   knapford is the biggest station on the island of sodor.  all the engines love its bustling busyness.  today was a very special day.  it was knapford station's birthday, and there was going to be a grand party.  all the engines were very excited.  they were to have their photograph taken.  the photograph was going to be put up at knapford on a billboard.  thomas felt very proud.  i've never been on a billboard before.   but the photographer was having trouble fitting all the engines into the photograph.   hey, move back there, james, and you, forward, percy.  that's good. that's good.  and, diesel, can you move in.   diesel moved in.  the camera flashed.  thomas didn't know that diesel had rolled right in front of him.  and neither did diesel.  thomas puffed into maron station to pick up the new billboard.  he was very excited.  but when thomas saw it, he was very disappointed.  "diesel's right in front of me," thomas thought sadly.  " thomas puffed towards knapford.  "diesel moved in front of me on purpose," puffed thomas to himself.  thomas felt cross.  he wasn't looking where then there was trouble.  there was a cow on the line.  thomas turned quickly into a siding just in time.  he hit the buffers, ..  into the lake.  thomas went to tell the photographer what had happened.  don't worry. i'll take another photograph.  tell all the engines to meet me at tidmouth sheds.   thomas was about to set off.  then he saw diesel.  thomas knew he should tell diesel about the new photograph.  but thomas was worried.  "what if diesel " thought thomas.  so thomas didn't tell diesel.  soon, all the engines except diesel were back at tidmouth.  gordon was cross.  giggles, the famous clown, is coming to the party tonight.  i must collect him from the airport.  i must not be late.  and i have to pick up the brass band from brendham docks.  and i have to collect the bunting and decorations from wellsworth.  oh, okay.  i'll fetch the photographer right away.   thomas was steaming to maron.  then he saw diesel.  diesel was puffing straight to tidmouth.  thomas was worried.  now diesel would find out about the new photograph.  so thomas turned onto a branch line, and he raced back to tidmouth.    there's been a mistake.  you'll all have to come back later.   the engines were very cross.  soon they had all gone, and diesel trundled straight by.  later, thomas had gathered the engines again.  then thomas went to maron to collect the photographer.  just as the photographer was climbing on board, thomas saw diesel.  now diesel would see the photographer, and he would find out about the new photograph.  so thomas wheeshed lots of steam.  it billowed from his boiler and filled the whole station.  so diesel didn't see the photographer, and he trundled straight by.  the steam has made my camera wet.  i'm sorry, sir.  we'll have to wait for it to dry.  tell the engines to come back later to tidmouth.   so all the engines came back later instead of doing their jobs.  at last the photographer was ready.  no one had noticed diesel wasn't there.  thomas was very relieved.  but just then, diesel oiled round the bend.  diesel was surprised to see all the engines.  he screeched to a halt.  rolls of bunting went everywhere.  no one told me there was another photograph.  but i asked thomas to tell everyone.   all the engines looked at thomas.  thomas felt terrible.  sir topham hatt was very cross.  gordon, you were meant to pick up mr. giggles, the famous clown.  emily, you were meant to pick up the brass band.  and, james, you were meant to pick up the bunting and decorations.  none of you arrived.  so diesel had to do all your jobs, and now he is late to do his own work.   thomas was very upset.  it's all my fault, sir.  i didn't want diesel to know about the new photograph.  in the last one, he moved right in front of me on purpose.  i did not.  the photographer told me to move.  i did.  perhaps you rolled too far.   thomas knew then he'd made a mistake.  i'm sorry, diesel.  i was wrong to think you did it on purpose.  and i'm very sorry for causing all this trouble, sir.   soon all the engines were lined up.  the new photograph was taken.  sir, if i do all diesel's jobs, can he collect the new billboard.  that's a wonderful idea, thomas.   diesel agreed.  for the rest of the day, thomas worked hard.  he did all diesel's jobs.  and diesel picked up the new billboard just in time for the celebrations.  it was a wonderful party.  there were clowns and a brass band.  diesel and thomas agreed that the new billboard was the best billboard they'd ever seen.   every engine on the island of sodor looks different.  can you tell who this is.  this engine is green.  but there are lots of green engines on sodor.  what else can we see.  this engine only has two wheels on each side.  this is a small engine.  do you know who it is yet.  let's see if there's another clue.  it's the number 6.  which engine on sodor is number 6.  that's right.  it's percy.  hello, percy.   this telegraph pole needs to be taken to the docks.  gordon, edward, and emily all want to do the job.  but only one of their flatbeds is exactly the same size as the telegraph pole.  can you tell which one it is.  let's look at gordon's flatbed.  no, gordon's flatbed is too big.  it's longer than the telegraph pole.  what about edward's flatbed.  perhaps that is the right size.  no, edward's flatbed is too small.  it's shorter than the telegraph pole.  now only emily is left.  is her flatbed the right size to take the telegraph pole to the docks.  yes.  emily's flatbed is not too big and not too small.  it is exactly the right size to take the telegraph pole.  well done, emily.  now you can go to the docks.   the island of sodor is home to lots of thomas' friends: friends on the rails, friends on the roads, and even some friends in the air.  they are all very different and each very special, and they are all thomas' friends.  toby is a very special member of the steam team, because toby is a steam tram.  he is brown and square and made of wood.  thomas is very proud of his friend toby.  he knows that toby is strong and brave, even when toby thinks he isn't.  one day, the express was too heavy.  gordon got stuck on gordon's hill.  that made gordon cross.  he needed help to chuff up the hill.  gordon was sure sir topham hatt would send edward, but edward was working at the docks with rocky.  toby was shunting freight cars at wellsworth.  the yard manager told him he had to go and push gordon up the hill.  toby was very worried.  he was sure he wasn't strong enough.  but thomas told toby not to worry.  he knew toby could do it.  so toby puffed up behind gordon.  gordon was surprised.  he told toby a steam tram wouldn't be able to push him.  this made toby very worried.  but he remembered his friend thomas had said he could do it.  he could push grumpy gordon.  he knew he could.  so toby huffed, and he puffed.  he wheezed, and he wheeshed.  and slowly, wheel turn by wheel turn, toby the steam tram pushed gordon and the express up gordon's hill.  thomas was right, and toby was very happy.  thomas always likes to do something special for toby.  one day, thomas saw toby puff out of his shed.  toby was very wet.  thomas wondered why.  then he saw there were big holes the roo of toby's shed.  thomas decided to ask sir topham hatt for a new roof.  he was sure that that would make toby very happy.  sir topham hatt thought it was a grand idea.  so thomas took new lumber for the workmen to begin.  in no time at all, toby's new shed roof was finished.  thomas was very happy.  but toby wasn't happy.  he told thomas that birds used to nest in his old roof.  now the birds would have no home.  thomas didn't want his friend toby to be sad.  so very quickly, he asked the workmen to make a bird house from toby's old shed roof.   that made toby happiest of all.  at last, thomas had done something special for his friend toby.  wherever thomas puffs, he always looks out for his smiling, square friend toby.  and toby rings his bell loudest of all when he sees thomas.   thomas and emily have important jobs to do.  thomas needs to take some coal to brendham docks, and emily has to go to tidmouth sheds.  emily is puffing to tidmouth sheds.  but a tree has fallen across the line.  emily has to go back.  thomas is puffing to brendham docks.  but the track is closed for repair.  thomas has to go back.  thomas and emily have to use the same track, but they meet in the middle.  what can thomas and emily do.  thomas is puffing into the siding.  now they can share the track.  emily can get to tidmouth sheds, and thomas can get to brendham docks.  sharing the track was a good idea.  well done, thomas.   and well done, emily.   thomas' whistle is broken.   which new whistle should thomas choose.   that doesn't sound like an engine whistle.  try another whistle, thomas.   does that sound like an engine whistle.  let's listen again.   that doesn't sound like an engine whistle either.  there's one more whistle left.  i wonder what this one sounds like.   that sounds like a very good engine whistle.  well done, thomas.   edward is one of the oldest engines on the island of sodor.  edward may not always be the fastest engine, but he is certainly the steadiest.  and for sir topham hatt, a steady engine is a really useful engine.  one morning, edward puffed into the docks.  good morning.   then sir topham hatt arrived.  the brandnew brass water wheel has just arrived from the mainland.  it is magnificent.  it will be displayed by the water works at great waterton.   emily, gordon, and edward were very excited.  they couldn't wait to see the magnificent water wheel.  edward, you will deliver the water wheel to great waterton.   edward beamed from buffer to boiler.  gordon and emily were surprised.  i have chosen you, edward, because you are the steadiest engine.  you are to take the express line.  it is the smoothest and most direct way to great waterton.   gordon gasped.  edward was going to use his express line.  cranky lowered the water wheel onto edward's flatbed.  it had a shiny brass rim that gleamed in the sun.  everyone looked at the magnificent water wheel.  edward the steady is at the ready.   and very slowly, edward pushed his special special out of the docks.  edward puffed up to the junction for the express line.  thomas was waiting.  bust my buffers, edward, that's a very special special.   edward was very happy.  he looked ahead.  if he took the express line, he couldn't stop for the people to admire his magnificent water wheel.  but if he took the other track, he could stop at stations and bridges and sidings.  a lot of people would see his special special.  the signal changed.   edward didn't take the express line.  edward was having a wonderful time.  ..  ..  and past farms.  everyone cheered and waved.  edward the steady was now edward the magnificent.  edward arrived at the junction.  the track ahead is in need of repair.   but the track ahead led to the school.  edward wanted the school children to see him, so he chuffed on towards the broken track.  the track was very bumpy and jumpy.  the shiny brass edge of the wheel started to cut into the ropes.  but edward didn't know.  at the school, children cheered and waved.  edward wasn't looking at the red signal.  flatten my fender.   edward applied his brakes but too late.  the shiny brass edge of the water wheel cut even deeper through the ropes.  edward knew now his long journey had made him late.  then he had an idea.  "i will chuff up gordon's hill," edward thought.  "it's the fastest way to great waterton, and," he huffed to himself, "the other engines on the hill " edward chuffed and huffed up gordon's hill.  oliver and arthur passed him coming down.  they both thought his special was magnificent.  but the water wheel was very heavy.  edward huffed and puffed up the hill.  at last, he reached the top.  but the edges of the water wheel were cutting deeper and deeper into the ropes.  then there was trouble.  with a final jolt, the ropes broke.  the magnificent water wheel rolled off edward's flatbed.  fizzling fireboxes.   gordon was further down the hill with flatbeds of scrap iron.  the water wheel rolled down the hill.  it bounced onto gordon's flatbed.  now edward's magnificent water wheel was on its way to the smelters.  edward had to get to the smelter's yard before gordon.  edward puffed and edward panted along every shortcut he knew.  no one saw edward pass.  and no one stopped to wave.  that no longer mattered to edward.  he had to save his magnificent water wheel from the smelters.  gordon puffed slowly into the smelter's yard.  he pulled up outside the smelting shed.  then, suddenly, there was edward.  gordon was surprised.  edward the steady had won his race against the fastest engine on sodor.  the magnificent water wheel was once again tied down to edward's flatbed.  edward the steady once more at the ready.   and his wheels clicketyclacked without a cheer or a clap along the way.  the water wheel was put into place.  it looks grand.  it looks magnificent.   and edward didn't need anyone to tell him that this had been a very special special.      . .    . .   captioning bycaptionmax www.captionmax.com  ding.  ding.  male announcer: watching is learning.  orajel training toothpaste and arm & hammer spinbrush kids toothbrushes, proud supporters of healthy smiles andthomas & friendson pbs.   .  doink.   pbs kids.  welcome " nice and easy, everybody together.  our homeowners are ready to pick out a faucet, i'll show them what to look for. )