  . they're two, they're four .  . they're six, they're eight .  . shunting trucks and hauling freight .  . red and green .  . and brown and blue .  . they're the really useful crew .  . all with different roles to play .  . round tidmouth sheds or far away .  . down the hills and round the bends .  . thomas and his friends. .  narrator: the island of sodor is surrounded by beautiful blue sea.  it has fields of green and sandy, yellow beaches.  there are rivers, streams, and lots of trees where the birds sing.  there are windmills and a coal mine and docks where visitors to the island arrive.  the island also has lots and lots of railway lines.  who's that puffing down the track.   it's thomas.  hello, thomas.   hello, everybody.  welcome to the island of sodor.     today on the island of sodor, we'll see what happens when thomas plays a trick at the wharf.  and we'll share some fun times with percy.  but first, thomas has an important delivery to make.   it was the harvest festival celebration on the island of sodor.  there was going to be a big fireworks party in the evening.  all the engines had special jobs.  and they were all very excited.  sir topham hatt came to tidmouth sheds.  "thomas, you must take a new lightbulb to the lighthouse." "yes, sir," tooted thomas.  "the bulb must get to the lighthouse before dark, "so that ships at sea can find their way "safely home to sodor.  "the lightbulb will break easily.  you must go slowly and carefully," sir topham hatt added.  so thomas puffed quickly away to the warehouse.  thomas started to daydream about the big party.  there would be clowns.  the choir would be singing.   and he'd see the wonderful display of fireworks.   thomas chuffed towards the warehouse.  he was very excited.  thomas collected the lightbulb.  then he set off slowly and carefully, as sir topham hatt had told him.  thomas slowed down at every bend...  ...and chuffed carefully through every junction.   thomas stopped at a signal.  emily was there.  she was pulling the carousel.  she was very excited.  "the fireworks are going to start when it gets dark." she cried.  thomas wanted to be back in time to see the fireworks.  but the lighthouse was on the far side of the island.  it was a long way, and it would take a long time to get there.  then an idea flew into thomas's funnel.  "i'm sure the lightbulb wouldn't break if i went just a little faster," he chuffed.  and so, thomas speeded up, just a little.  thomas puffed along.  he saw james at the water tower.  james had wagons and wagons and wagons of fireworks.  "this is going to be the biggest firework party ever," james whistled happily.  now thomas wanted to see the fireworks even more.  "i'm sure i can go just a little faster," he chuffed.  so thomas speeded up...  just a little more.  thomas chuffed faster still.  the bulb started to rattle and shake on his flatbed.  every time thomas met another engine, he became more and more excited.  henry huffed along with swings and a seesaw.  "it's going to be a wonderful party," puffed henry.  thomas went a little faster.  then he met toby with the clown costumes.  "see you at the firework party, thomas," he rang.   thomas went a little faster.  he saw percy with cars of children in fancy dress.  the children were very excited.  "see ya, thomas," cried the children.   now thomas wanted to be back for the fireworks party more than ever.  before thomas knew it, he was puffing very fast.  then there was trouble.  .  and the ships won't be safe at sea." thomas puffed quickly back to the warehouse to collect a new lightbulb.  he knew now he would be too late to see the fireworks.  thomas had to stop at a signal.  edward was waiting.  he was excited.  "i'm off to collect the chinese dragon," he tooted.  but all thomas could think about was getting the new lightbulb.  with the new lightbulb safely on board, thomas set off slowly and carefully.  he knew he must deliver this bulb safely to the lighthouse.  so when toby passed with the choir practicing their songs...  ...and when edward passed with the chinese dragon, thomas didn't think about the fireworks party at all.  not once.  thomas arrived at the lighthouse just in time.   the bulb was quickly unloaded.  "thank you, thomas," said the lighthouse keeper.  and thomas puffed back to tidmouth sheds.  he knew he had missed the fireworks party completely.  then thomas came to the top of a hill, and saw a wonderful sight.  the lighthouse beamed brightly.  the ships' lights twinkled in the harbor, and the sea reflected the stars.  and even though there were no rockets or catherine wheels, thomas thought it looked as wonderful as the fireworks.   every engine on the island of sodor looks different.  can you tell who this is.  this engine is dark green.  it's only got a small roof on the cab...  ...but it's got a very tall funnel.  do you know who it is yet.  here's another clue.  this engine has got very big wheels.  there's only one engine on sodor who has wheels like that.  do you know who it is.  yes. it's emily.  hello, emily.      . .   the island of sodor is a wonderful place.  there are lots and lots of engines.  who's that puffing along the track.  it's percy.  percy is a tank engine.  he is green with four wheels.  he has the number 6 painted on his bunker.  percy is the smallest of all the engines at tidmouth, but he works just as hard as the big engines.  his special job is pulling the mail cars.  this job makes him very proud.  percy is also very proud of the island of sodor.  one day, he was asked by sir topham hatt to take a famous artist round the island.  the artist wanted to paint a picture of the spirit of sodor.  percy took the famous artist to norramby beach, to shen valley, and, at last, to knapford station.  but the famous artist didn't want to paint any of them.  that made percy very cross.  he wheeshed his steam so hard that the famous artist's hat flew into the air.  suddenly, the famous artist knew exactly what he wanted to paint.  he wanted to paint percy.  percy was surprised.  because percy is the smallest engine, the big engines sometimes tell him what to do.  so it was a very special day for percy when he could tellthem what to do.  one day, lady hatt told percy to be in charge.  sir topham hatt was sick.  percy had to tell james and gordon and toby what to do.  sometimes percy gets things muddled up, so percy listened very hard to lady hatt.  percy felt very proud to be controller for the day.  he couldn't wait to tell the engines what to do.  grandly, percy told james to be a busy bee, gordon to pull very slow coaches, and toby to pull the express.  later, percy puffed off to check on his engines.  gordon was puffing very slowly.  james was painted yellow and black.  the children thought he looked like a giant, stripy bee.  and toby was using all his steam to pull the express.  gordon, james and toby saw that all the children were laughing at them.  that made them very unhappy.  percy felt terrible.  he had muddled everything up.  he didn't know how to unmuddle it.  luckily, thomas came to help percy.  together, they put everything right.  when sir topham hatt arrived, he was very pleased.  whenever percy is in trouble, he knows his friend thomas will help him.  that makes percy very happy.  and percy, more than anything else, is a very happy little engine.    all the engines on sodor look different, but this engine has been working in the coaling plant today and is covered in coal dust.  how can we tell who it is.  this engine has a round face and boiler.  do all the engines have round faces.  no. mavis and toby have square faces, so it can't be either of them.  what else can we see.  this engine has a separate coal tender at the back.  do all the other engines have separate coal tenders.  no. thomas and percy don't, so it can't be either of them.  this engine has a very tall funnel.  do all the other engines have tall funnels.  no. henry and gordon don't, so it can't be either of them.  who's left.  james and emily.  james and emily look very similar.  they've got round faces, tall funnels, and separate coal tenders.  this engine must have a washdown.  what about that big drivewheel.  there's only one engine with a drivewheel like that.  and the engine is green, so it can't be james.  it's emily.  hello, emily.    thomas is a cheeky little engine.  he likes to have fun with his friends.  he likes playing hideandpeep with percy.  and he enjoys joking with james.  one day, thomas was fitted with a brandnew whistle.  the whistle gleamed...  and thomas beamed.  and he blew it all day long.  he blew it softly...   ...and he blew it loudly.   he blew it in stations...   ...and he blew it in misty valley.  thomas thought it was the most wonderful whistle he had ever had.   thomas puffed into the wharf with a train of freight cars.  mr. percival was there.  "thomas." he said, "the narrow gauge engines "are bringing bricks, flour and lumber.  they must be loaded into your freight cars by suppertime." mr. percival left.  thomas felt very happy.  so he blew his new whistle loudly.   rheneas was surprised.  he jumped and biffed into his flatbeds.  skarloey and sir handel laughed.  even rheneas thought it was funny.  "that was fun," tooted thomas.  now he wanted to play more jokes and have more fun.  so thomas chuffed off to look for another engine to peep.  later, rusty puffed into the wharf.  he was shunting cars full of bright red bricks.  they were to be unloaded into thomas's empty freight cars, but thomas wanted to have more fun.  he rolled up behind rusty.  rheneas and skarloey held their puff.  thomas blew his new whistle.   "peep." rusty jumped and he biffed his freight cars.  rusty was covered in red brick dust.  skarloey and rheneas both laughed.  thomas thought it was great fun.  rusty thought it was fun, too.  now,hewanted to join in.  "can't catch me." hooted rusty.  and he steamed around the wharf.  thomas puffed after him.  everyone was laughing and having fun, but no one collected the bricks.  then thomas had another idea.  "sir handel will be arriving with the cars of flour soon," he tooted.  "why don't we all peep him at once." the little engines were excited.  and they all found hiding places.  as sir handel puffed into the wharf, there was nobody to be seen.  "now." cried thomas.  he blew his new whistle as loudly as he could.  the little engines blew their whistles, too.  sir handel biffed his freight cars in surprise.  flour flew up into the air like a great white cloud.  "you look like a ghost," laughed rusty.  "oooer." laughed sir handel.  "look at me.  i'm a ghost," and he steamed away.  soon, all the engines were chasing each other and no one was doing any work.  thomas had another idea.  "peter sam is on his way.  let's peep him as well," and the little engines agreed this was a very good idea.  peter sam trundled into the wharf.  thomas got ready with his whistle.  the little engines got ready, too.   "peep."  peter sam shot forward.  he bashed his flatbeds so hard they burst through the buffers, smashed through the oil drums stacked on the wharf and splashed into the canal.  "oh, my." cried the little engines.  "cinders and ashes." cried thomas.  mr. percival arrived at the wharf.  "what has been going on here." he said sternly.  "there are bricks all over the rails, "flour all over the warehouse, and now lumber is in the canal." "i'm sorry, sir," wheeshed thomas sadly.  "it's all my fault.  i just wanted to play jokes and have fun." mr. percival was very cross.  "you must clear up this mess at once," he cried.  "and your freight cars must be loaded by suppertime." as soon as the workmen had reloaded the bricks, thomas started to work.  but the little engines still wanted to play.  they wanted to wheesh the dust and flour at each other.  "no more jokes," whistled thomas.  "we have work to do." and he shunted the freight cars into a siding.  new cars of flour were now ready, and thomas took them to the sidings as well.  at last, the workmen had the lumber wagons ready and thomas shunted them into the siding, too.  finally, thomas had one long train of bricks, flour and lumber, and it wasn't even suppertime.  mr. percival came back.  he saw thomas, but thomas was hiding his freight cars.  "where are your freight cars." said mr. percival crossly.  thomas smiled.  he was playing a trick.  he puffed forward slowly.  "here they are, sir," he whistled happily.  "loaded up and ready to go." the little engines laughed, and mr. percival laughed, too.  "thomas," he said, "that was a good joke.  you are a really funny engine." and thomas puffed happily away.     . .       captioned by media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org  all aboard for an amazing journey.  let a child's imagination take you places you never thought possible.  lego duplo proudly supports thomas & friendson pbs kids. )