   . they're two, they're four, they're six, they're eight .  . shunting trucks and hauling freight .  . red and green and brown and blue .  . they're the really useful crew .  . all with different roles to play .  . round tidmouth sheds or far away .  . down the hills and round the bends .  . thomas and his friends .   the island of sodor is surrounded by beautiful blue sea.  it has fields of green and sandy yellow beaches.  there are rivers, streams, and lots of trees, where the birds sing.  there are windmills and a coal mine and docks where visitors to the island arrive.  the island also has lots and lots of railway lines.  who's that puffing down the track.   it's thomas.  hello, thomas.   hello, everybody.  welcome to the island of sodor.     today on the island of sodor, peter sam makes an exciting discovery.  and we meet some of thomas' favorite friends.  but first, duangettjnread for a ecial birthdayreat.    it was a beautiful day in the hills of sodor.  percival's twins' birthday.  every year, duncan gave the twins a special birthday ride.  duncan was very excited.  at the depot, duncan was getting ready.  he had to look his best.  the special birthday flag had been fixed to his cab.  duncan was very proud of his flag.  percival came to see duncan.  shall i pick up the twins now.  no, duncan.  this year, i am giving them a ride in a hot air balloon for their birthday.   duncan was disappointed.  he wanted to give the twins their birthday treat.  duncan, you must collect the hot air balloon from the transfer yards.  yes, sir.   and he chuffed sadly away.  duncan pulled into the transfer yards.  thomas had brought the balloon from the docks.  the balloon man was filling it with hot air.  hello, duncan.  hello, thomas.  that's a wonderful balloon.   be sure to puff slowly and refully, duncan.   so duncan huffed slowly away to mr. percival's house.  on his way, duncan rolled over a bumpy track.  his flatbed clanked, rattled, and jiggled.  one of the ropes holding down the balloon came undone.  "oh, dear," thought duncan.  "the bumpy track has jiggled the balloon loose.  " then an idea flew into duncan's funnel.   if i jiggle the balloon more, it might float away.  then i could give the twins a ride today, and they could have the balloon ride tomorrow.   so duncan began to jiggle backwards and forwards over the bumpy track.  the ropes loosened, ..  hooray.   and duncan chuffed cheerfully to mr. percival's house.  duncan puffed round the bend.  then he stopped.  the hot air balloon had floated down.  it was right in front of him on the track.  duncan bumped into the balloon.  flatten my funnel.  now what should i do.   the basket wobbled, and one of the sandbags fell off.  it made the balloon rise up a little.  duncan was puzzled.  he biffed the balloon again.  more sandbags fell off.  ..  ..  and floated away.  duncan was delighted.   duncan chuffed round another bend.  bust my buffers.  there on the bridge above him was the balloon.  "i thought the balloon had floated away.  " he thought.  duncan chuffed his biggest puff.  e hot smoke from his funl flew into the balloon.  it made the balloon get bigger.  this gave duncan an idea.  he huffed and puffed and puffed and huffed.  the balloon got bigger and biggfr and oated away.  duncan was delighted.  he raced on to mr. percival's house.  percival was waiting for him.  where's the hot air balloon, duncan.  it came loose, sir, and floated away.   mr. percival was upset.  then there was trouble.  the balloon floated down from the sky once againstraight towards the weather vane on mr. percival's roof.  it burst on the sharp point.  the balloon tumbled down.  fizzling fireboxes.   duncan was upset.  now the twins wouldn't have their balloon ride at all.  it's all my fault, sir.  i just wanted to give the twins their birthday treat, just as i always have.   mr. percival was cross.   dunc, youweregoing to give the twins their birthday ride.  you were going to pick them up and bring them here.   duncan felt even more upset.  he wanted the twins to have a happy day.  sir, peter sam could pick up the twins.  th i will go and collect the balloon repairman.  i'm sure he could fix the balloon.   percival thought this was a very good idea, so duncan puffed quickly away.  duncan raced into mountain village station.  the balloon repairman was waiting.  we must be quick, sir.  the balloon has to be fixed before the twins get home.    duncan chuffed quickly back to mr. percival's house.  percival was very pleased to see them.  the balloon repairman looked at the hole in the balloon.   oh, dear.  it's a very big hole.  i don't have enough material to fix it.  i know, sir.  my birthday flagit just might be big enough.   the balloon repairman looked at duncan's flag.   why, yes, duncan.  that would be perfect.   the balloon repairman fixed the balloon just in time.  per sam arrived with the twins.  they were delighted.  percival and the twins were floating high above the island ..  and duncan felt so happy, he thought his boiler would burst.   here are some dots.  there are lots of engines on the sodor railway.  if we join these dots, it will make the shape of one of them.  can you guess which engine it is.  off we go.  there's the funnel.  it's a tall one.  and the domeit's a large dome, isn't it.  there's the cab and the coal tender.  do you know which engine this is yet.  here are the wheels, and there are the buffers.  it looks like a little engine, but it's an important one.  that's right.  it's thomas.  hello, thomas.     toby is puffing along his branch line.  suddenly, he sees something.  there's a strangelooking shadow in the field.  toby wonders what it is.  can you guess.  this shadow is long, and it has four long arms.  e fo long ms are going slowly roundn a circle.  can you guess what it is.  that's right.  it's a windmill.  there's another shadow on the side of farmer mccoll's barn.  toby wonders what it is.  can you guess.  the shape at the top looks like a hat, and there are two arms that stick straight out.  can you guess what it is.  that's right it's a scarecrow.  now toby sees another shadow.  this shadow is getting smaller and smaller.  toby wonders what it is.  can you guess.  it's a round shape with something spinning at the top.  can you guess what it is.  of course, it's harold the helicopter.  hello, harold.  did you guess what all the shadows were.  toby did.  well done, everyone.    the island of sodor is home to lots of thomas' friends: friends on the rails, friends on the roads, and even some friends in the air.  they are all very different and each very special, and they are all thomas' friends.  thomas always looks forward to seeing his narrowgauge friends.  the narrowgauge engines are little.  thomas is a lot bigger, but sometimes big engines don't know as much as their little friends.  one day, thomas went to the wharf to pick up sir topham hatt's christmas tree.  sir handel had delivered the tree to the wharf, but thomas didn't know where to find it.  he told duncan he was looking for a christmas tree.  cheeky duncan made fun of thomas.  that made thomas cross.  so thomas decided not to ask any of the little engines to help him find the tree, not even sir handel.   at last, thomas was sure he'd found the christmas tree.  he puffed proudly out of t warehouse.  then there was trouble.  thomas was huffing anpuffing so fast, he didn't look where he was going.   thomas gasped.  he hadn't found the christmas tree at all.  it was a load of pipes.  thomas had to find the christmas tree straightaway.  he knew he needed the help of his friends, the little engines.  sir handel showed thomas where he had left the tree.  and that night, the lights were switched on.  the christmas tree sparkled and shone.  and thomas tooted "thank you" to his narrowgauge friends.  thomas likes to help them too.  one day, thomas tried to give skarloey the best day he had ever had.  skarloey was sad.  he had broken down.  thomas had to pull skarloey to the mender's yard.  thomas wanted his friend to be happy.  so on the way, thomas decided to show skarloey the best sights of sodor.  thomas took skarloey to the scottish castle, to shen valley, and even to the top of gordon's hill.  but skarloey wasn't excited.  he had seen castles, valleys, and hills.  now thomas was late.  he had to take skarloey the quickest way to the mender's yard.  it was the coast track.  thomas used this track every day.  suddenly, skarloey smiled from buffer to fender.  there was no seaside in the hills.  for skarloey, this was the best sight of all.  he was very excited, and thomas was delighted.  he could see his friend was happy, and that made thomas happy too.  whenever thomas goes to visit his narrowgauge friends, he finds something new, learns something new, ..   and that makes all the little engines very special friends of thomas.   percy is excited.  he is going to look for some hidden treasure.  this map will help percy find the treasure.  the treasure is hidden under the red cross.  the dotted line will lead percy to the cross.  percy is ready to go.  can you help him.  percy has come to a junction.  which way should he go now.  should percy go towards the hill or towards the lake.  the dotted line goes towards the hill.  that's r.  so percy should go that way.  percy has come to another junction.  which way should he go now.  should percy go towards the castle or towards the farm.  the dotted line goes towards the castle.  that's right.  so percy should go that way.   percy has arrived at the castle.  he's very near the treasure now.  which way should he go next.  towards the village or towards the cross.  that's right.  percy has found the treasure, but he couldn'have done without you.  well done, everyone.    the narrowgauge engines in the hills of sodor always like to hear stories.  their favorite ones are about a magical engine called proteus.  peter sam enjoys these stories most of all.  one morning, peter sam puffed into the transfer yards.  he was very excited.  thomas is collecting the famous storyteller mary marvel.  she is going to read at a special show.   all the little engines whistled and whshed.  i hope she tells stories about proteus.   then the narrowgauge controller arrived.  he gave them all special jobs.  there is a lot to do.  please be back in good time for miss marvel.    the little engines peeped their whistles excitedly.  peter sam collected the cream churns quickly.  "i hope i'm the first to see miss marvel," he huffed to himself.  so peter sam raced away.  the churns clinked and clanked, and his wheels clicketyclacked.  freddie was waiting at a juncture.  he had a lot to do.  you're in a hurry.  yes, i want to be the first engine to see miss marvel.  i'm going to take a shortcut to the showground.   and peter sam raced away down an old twisty track.  peter sam puffed and puffed to the top of the old twisty track.  "whee," he whistled as he rolled down the other side.  then he saw a thick hedge across the track.  oh, no.   peter sam crashed through the hedge with a clang and a prang.  he hit something hard.   fizzling fireboxes.   there in front of peter sam was a statue of proteus.  it was sitting on a rusty old flatbed.  some farmworkers appeared to see what the noise was.  oh, my.  look.  it's a statue of proteus.  it looks very old.   peter sam thought his boiler would burst.  then an idea flew into his funnel.  "no one must see the statue before the show.  "it wi be my wonderful surprise, and i will be the star of the show," he thought.   peter sam tooted to the workers.  please, can you cover this statue.  i'll be back to collect it soon.   peter sam chuffed quickly back to the top of the old track.  he stopped at the junction.  duncan chuffed up.  he still had to collect the benches for the show.  duncan, when you come back, don't take the shortcut.  there's something blocking the track.  thank you very much.   and duncan chuffed off.  then mighty mac pulled up.  he still had to pick up flowers for the show.  when you come back, please don't take the shortcut.  there's something blocking the track.  thank u.   and mighty mac chuffed off.  then freddie puffed up.  he still had to pick up lanterns for the show.  freddie, when you come back, please don't take the shortcut.  there's something blocking the track.  oh, thank you.   and he chuffed off.  peter sam was pleased.  now the statue of proteus was sure to be a surprise.  the farmworkers had covered the statue of proteus.  peter sam was coupled up to the flatbed.  peter sam pumped his pistons.  the cream churns were heavy, but the proteus statue was even heavier.  peter sam huffed and puffed to the top of the hill.  "now i can roll down the other side," he thought.  peter sam raced down the hill.  there was a junctionhe.  oh, no.  this load is too heavy.  help.   peter sam smashed into a buffer.   the cream churns crashed.  the junction was blocked.  bubbling boilers.  i'll never be the star of the show now.  the other engines can't get through.  i've spoiled everything for everyone.   then peter sam heard the whistles of his friends.  duncan, freddie, and mighty mac arrived at the juncture.  they were surprised at the mess.  peter sam felt very silly.  "i'm sorry.  i wanted to be the star "  he told them about finding the statue of proteus.  the engines gasped.  this statue belongs to us all.  please, will you help me take it to the show.   his friends were happy to help.  duncan chuffed away to find a mechanic for peter sam.  mighty mac puffed to tell mr. percival about the statue.  freddie, will you take prots to the show.   frede wadelighted.  it would be an honor.   soon, the mechanic fixed peter sam's brakes.  now you're ready to go, peter sam.   later, peter sam collected fresh cream from the farm.  i know miss marvel's show has started, but all the other engines will be there to enjoy the statue.   peter sam chuffed his long way back.  peter sam puffed up quietly.  miss marvel was finishing her last story.  oh, my.  the statue is still covered.  today one of our engines found something very special, so this is for all the little engines of the hills, because you are all special.   everyone gasped at the wonderful statue.  the engines whistled.  peter sam smiled.   we are all stars of the show.      . .    . .   captioning bycaptionmax www.captionmax.com   all aboard for an amazing journey.  lea child's jmaginiontake youlas you never thought possible.  lego duplo proudly supports thomas & friendson pbs kids.   .  doink.   pbs kids.   )