       . they're two, they're four, they're six, they're eight .  . shunting trucks and hauling freight .  . red and green and brown and blue .  . they're the really useful crew .  . all with different roles to play .  . round tidmouth sheds or far away .  . down the hills and round the bends .  . thomas and his friends .   the island of sodor is surrounded by beautiful blue sea.  it has fields of green and sandy yellow beaches.  there are rivers, streams, and lots of trees, where the birds sing.  there are windmills and a coal mine and docks where visitors to the island arrive.  the island also has lots and lots of railway lines.  who's that puffing down the track.   it's thomas.  hello, thomas.   hello, everybody.  welcome to the island of sodor.     today on the island of sodor, we'll meet madge, a very special truck.  and we'll share some fun times with james.  but first, freddie has an important problem to solve.    freddie was a fine old mountain engine.  ..  ..  ..  and the highland villages than all the other engines.  but there were still some things that freddie didn't know.  one morning, freddie, peter sam, and mighty mac were at the wharf.  they were very excited.  percival was going on a family bicycling holiday.  james was bringing a new bicycle.   "you are late, james," whistled freddie grandly.  " "i came as fast as i could," james wheeshed crossly.  freddie was to deliver the bicycle, so it was loaded onto his flatbed.  "there's no bell," james huffed.  "i don't think a bicycle bell is important," puffed freddie.  "it's very important," snorted james.  "it's like a whistle.  it let's everyone know you're there" that made freddie feel very silly.  "one of you must find a bell percival's bicycle right away," james steamed snootily.  peter sam and mighty mac didn't know where to find one, so they looked at freddie.  freddie didn't know, but he didn't want to ask james.  "of course i know where to find a bicycle bell," freddie chuffed quickly.  he didn't want james to think he was even sillier.  so he puffed quickly out of the wharf.  freddie chuffed along.  . "dingalong, dingaling, .  . find a bell with the very best ring," .  he whistled cheerfully.  but he couldn't see a bicycle bell anywhere.   freddie puffed up to a farmer with his cows.   "hooray." he chuffed.  "a cowbell would be as good " the farmer hung the bell on the handlebar.  just then, mighty mac puffed up.  the cowbell clanged.  "listen to that," chuffed freddie proudly.  "this is far better than a bicycle bell," but the cows didn't look up or even move.  "the cows aren't taking " huffed mighty mac.  "that'll never do for a bicycle bell." he chuffed.  freddie felt silly, and he chuffed quickly on his way.  then freddie puffed into top station.  cuffie the clown was waiting there.  cuffie had a string of bells around his neck.  they jingled and jangled when he moved.  "hooray." freddie chuffed.  "cuffie's bells will be "  cuffie hung the bells next to the cowbell.   just then, peter sam puffed up.  the bells chimed and tinkled.  " whistled freddie proudly.  but the children kept laughing with cuffie.  "the children aren't taking any notice at all," puffed peter sam.  "they'll never do " freddie felt even sillier, and again, he chuffed quickly away.  freddie had puffed all over the hills.  it was getting late.  "i will have to go back to the wharf," he steamed sadly, "and tell them all " and he huffed slowly away.  freddie arrived at the wharf.  he could see peter sam, mighty mac, and james.  they were waiting for him.  "i must find a bicycle bell somewhere before they see me," he puffed, and he chuffed quickly away from them.  freddie looked everywhere, ..  a shiny new school bell.  "hooray." he whistled.  "a big school bell is far better than a little bicycle bell.  "with a bell that big, everyone will know "  the workman put the bell on the bike, but it was very heavy.  the bicycle toppled off the flatbed and crashed to the ground.  all the bells jingled and jangled.  peter sam, mighty mac, and james heard the clatter and rushed over.  the yard manager was very cross, and everyone looked at freddie.  percival is waiting for his new bicycle," the yard manager said sternly.  "i'll have the bells taken off.  then you must deliver " freddie felt sillier than he had ever felt.  later, freddie was puffing glumly out of the wharf.  he met thomas chuffing in.  " tooted thomas.  freddie told thomas everything that had happened.  "and it's all because i felt silly and didn't ask james where to find a bicycle bell" "don't worry," thomas whistled.  "i'm sure you'll find one soon.  suddenly, freddie saw a bright new foghorn on thomas' flatbed.  "where are you taking " freddie asked.  "it's not new. it's old," tooted thomas.  "but it still works very well.  it has been cleaned " " freddie cried excitedly, and he puffed quickly out of the wharf.  percival looked at his new bicycle.  "there's no bell." he gasped.  "yes, there is, sir," freddie whistled.  he asked the yard manager to take the old bell from the old bicycle, and the yard manager polished it once.  then he polished it again and put it on the new bicycle.   it was as good as new.  mr. percival was very happy.  "what a good idea, freddie," he smiled, and james had to agree.  freddie didn't feel silly anymore.  he felt very proud.   "dingaling," percival's bell, and freddie toottooted back.   all the engines on sir topham hatt's railway look different.  can you tell who this is.  this engine has two big pairs of wheels, five small pairs of wheels, and a tall, thin funnel.  what else can we see on this engine.  it's the number 2.  can you remember which of sir topham hatt's engines is number 2.  here's another clue.  this engine is a beautiful bright blue color.  only one engine on sodor has all those wheels, is blue, and wears the number 2.  do you know who it is.  that's right.  it's edward.  hello, edward.     today thomas, james, and henry are being repainted, but there's a problem.  the labels have come off the cans of paint.  no one knows which color paint is in which can.   is the paint in the first can the right color for thomas.  let's see.  it's red.  is that the right color for thomas.  no.  thomas isn't red.  what about the second can.  blue.  that looks better.  thomas is blue.  who's next.  james.  james is red.  can you remember which can the red paint was in.  was it this can.  no, that's not right.  the third can is full of green paint.  what about trying the first can again.  red.  that's right.  the first can is full of red paint.  there's one more engine to be repainted: henry.  henry is green.  can you remember which can the green paint was in.  was it this can.  yes.  the green paint is in the third can.  now henry, james, and thomas are all the right color, and how smart they look too.   well done.    the island of sodor is a wonderful place.  there are lots and lots of engines.  who's that puffing along the track.  it's james.  james is a bright red engine.  he has the number 5 painted on his tender, a bright brass dome, and six strong driving wheels that clicketyclack along the tracks of sodor.  james is the only red engine, and he is very proud of his red coat.  one day, james had a bright new coat of red paint.  he wanted all the other engines to tell him how wonderful he looked.  the next morning, sir topham hatt told james to help percy at the coaling plant.    but james went to gaze at his reflection in the canal.  at last, james arrived.  the yard manager told him to take an extralong line of freight cars to brendham docks.  james was very happy.  there were a lot of people at the docks to tell him how splendid he looked.  but the freight cars were very troublesome.  they wriggled and giggled.  they biffed, ..  and covered james in coal dust.  when james arrived at brendham, his bright red coat was very dirty.  luckily, james is never too proud to see the funny side, but his pride can get him into a lot of trouble.  there was to be a new holiday poster for the island of sodor.  sir topham hatt chose edward to be the poster engine.  james was upset.  he and edward were almost the same.  james decided to do everything he could to be the poster engine.  he tried to get into the poster photograph, but sir topham hatt sent him away.  thomas and percy told james that edward was chosen because he was gentle, and edward didn't mind doing dirty jobs, so james was gentle at the coaling yard.   but that made him late.   james took the express track to race edward.  ..  a signal turned red.  james screeched to a halt, but edward couldn't stop in time.  edward ran into james, and james shot straight through the poster.  now jameswasthe poster engine.  james knows when he has gone too far, and then he helps his friends.  that's because james is a really useful red engine, and he shines most of all when he is with his friends.  gordon, james, and thomas are all at the repair yard.  each engine has a different problem.  can you guess what will make them feel better.  there's some coal, some water, and some oil.  gordon is making a funny noise.  his wheels are squeaking.  do youhink some coal will make him feel better.  no.  coal won't stop gordon's wheels squeaking.  it will make them dirty.  what about water.  will that stop gordon's wheels squeaking.  no.  water won't stop gordon's wheels squeaking.  it will make them rusty.  what about some oil.  yes.  oil has made gordon's wheels stop squeaking.  he feels much better.  now look at james.  his face is as red as his body.  james is very hot.  do you think some coal might make him feel better.  no.  coal won't make james feel better.  it will make him feel even hotter.  what about some water.   yes, water has stopped james overheating.  he feels much better.  now look at thomas.  thomas is puffing very slowly.  his boiler isn't hot enough to make steam.  do you think some coal will help thomas feel better.  yes, coal has heated up thomas' boiler.  now he can make steam.  he feels much better.  now gordon, james, and thomas are all feeling much better.   well done, everyone.    it was wintertime, and a thick blanket of snow covered the island of sodor.  madge, the snubnosed truck, was making her deliveries.  the icy roads were very slippy and very slidy, but madge didn't slip and slide.  she was safe and sure.  one day, thomas arrived at the transfer yards.  he had to collect a large delivery of coal.  madge was there, and so was mr. percival.  he was worried.  "a snowslide has blocked duncan's tracks," he said, "and i need him to shunt the coal cars from the other side " "i'll get him," said madge happily.  madge liked to be helpful.  "duncan is very heavy," said mr. percival.  "don't worry, sir," said madge.  "i'll bring him here in no time," and she raced away.  duncan was winched onto madge's trailer.  duncan was very heavy, but madge was sure she could pull him.  she roared and revved, ing sa and sur soon, duncan started to tease her.  "you always go so slowly," duncan laughed.  "we'll be lucky to get to the " "i always do my job safely and on time," said madge.  "but it will be a slow and dull journey," puffed duncan, "not fast and exciting " madge sighed.  she didn't want to be teased anymore.  she turned up a narrow mountain road.  " duncan chuffed.  "i'll show you how much fun we have on the roads," laughed madge.  " madge was still going slowly.  " puffed duncan.  "maybe not," said madge, " and madge skidded her wheels.  her wheels made the snow spray up onto the side of the road.  "well, hey, that was good," cheered duncan.  " so madge skidded her wheels and sprayed snow all along the road.  duncan cheered as madge sprayed the trees and then the bushes.  she even sprayed a policeman.  "sorry," said madge.  they were having so much fun, they had forgotten all about getting to the transfer yards.  percival were waiting at the transfer yards, and so were the coal cars, but duncan wasn't there.  mr. percival was worried.  now, madge took duncan to the top of a hill.  " duncan puffed.  "you'll see," smiled madge.  then they raced down the hill.  madge slid around corners and skidded over bumps.  "hooray." duncan laughed.  but halfway down the hill, there was a very sharp turn, and the road was very icy.  "watch out." puffed duncan.  "oh, no." gasped madge.  she braked hard, but it was too late.  madge started to slip and spin around and around.  they crashed through a snow bank.  "bust me boiler." cried duncan.  they were hanging over the edge of the valley.  madge looked down over the edge.  it was a long way down.  "oh, no," duncan moaned.  " madge groaned.  madge rocked and teetered.  slowly, she revved her engine.  inch by inch, madge reversed back onto the road again.  "phew, that was close," duncan chuffed.  madge set off for the transfer yards, but on the way, she saw another very bumpy and very slippery road.  " duncan puffed excitedly.  "we're late," called madge.  "i have to get you to the transfer yards " so madge drove on.  madge wanted to be safe and sure.  she went all the way without slipping or sliding once.  duncan was disappointed, but he knew madge was right.  he had work to do.  soon duncan was back on the rails.  he shunted the freight cars quickly into place.  the workmen transferred all the coal into thomas' freight cars.  " tooted thomas.   and he chuffed away.  that evening, madge went to visit duncan.  madge pulled into the sheds.  all the little engines were there.  duncan had told them all about his day out with madge.  "thank you for a grand time," puffed duncan.  "the roads really are " "i'm glad you had fun," said madge.  and just for fun, madge spun her wheels and sprayed some snow all over the little engines.      . .    . . )