kimberly: oh, hey, guys, what's up. kimberly: how can i just leave, aisha. i'm a power ranger. i can't just quit. aisha: look, meet us at the park before school tomorrow. we'll think of something. adam: well, maybe we should tell zordon about all this. billy: i'm sure he probably knows. rita: that's right, kimmy. relax and leave the spoiling to me. lord zedd: excellent, finster. now, take rito and some tengas and bring me back kimberly's dream monster. kimberly: tengas from nightmare to another. tommy: this no dream. tommy: hey. kimberly: put me down, you put creep. tommy: kimberly, no. kimberly: let me go, you meany buzzards. let me go. kimberly: you'll never get away with this. rito: okay, playmates it's been fun. but our work he is done. tommy: good work, guys. billy: yeah. tommy: are you alright. what happened. adam: wonder what rita and zedd want. rocky: well, they didn't send those bird brains down to play a game to tag. billy: guys, guys. so, what's going on. adam: so, you think zedd and rita have something to do with this. billy: could be. tommy: we read you, zordon. zordon: teleport to the command center. angel grove is under attack. tommy: we're on our way. kimberly: where is everybody. maybe zordon will know. alpha 5: rangers, where's kimberly. zordon: this can not wait. billy: that must be where the art work are. rocky: what do you mean. aisha: we need to find kimberly. we're gonna have a chance to beat this thing. zordon: i'll search for her, rangers. you must go immediately. tommy: we're on our way. artistmole: ah, power rangers, you bought me such beautiful colors. white power ranger: it's all over, mole. we're gonna hang you over the wall. artistmole: no, no. my brilliant carrer has just begun. white power ranger: sorry time to fade it black. artistmole: excellent, suggestion, little ranger. black it is. white power ranger: i'll take care of this clown myself. blue power ranger: wait. we gonna do this together. white power ranger: must have gone through him. white power ranger: pretty weird, huh, guys. we've never made contact with him. black power ranger: yeah. yellow power ranger: guys, we're really need help without kimberly here. white power ranger: aisha's right, guys. ninjor, we summon you from mount high. ninjor: you have nothing to fear. ninjor is here. greetings, my young friends. so great to see you again. can ninjor be up services to you. white power ranger: you're okay, ninjor. ninjor: yes. white power ranger: you see we're really up against. ninjor: i do. white power ranger: zordon, we need help. zordon: keep searching for kimberly. only she can help them now. alpha 5: but why doesn't she answer. zordon: kimberly, the other rangers are in danger teleport to the command center immediately. kimberly: okay, i'm on my way. alpha 5: kimberly. zordon: welcome, kimberly. kimberly: oh. guess, i am afraid of leaving the power rangers and angel grove. white power ranger: kimberly. ninjor: kimberly, you must not let him firing his brushes at you. white power ranger: hang on, kimberly. remember, your friends always with you. white power ranger: hey, hey, something's happening. red power ranger: hey. white power ranger: oh, yeah. our colors are back. ninjor: i am re energize and ready for action. yellow power ranger: alright, we're back. way to go, kimberly. pink power ranger: sorry, guys. better late and never. all: power up. ninjor: ninjor expansion mode. ninjor: ninjor battle mode, now. kimberly: you do. aisha: kimberly, would like to come to stay with me and my family for the rest of the school year. kimberly: what do you think. kimberly's mom: i don't know. kimberly's mom: it's that what you want. kimberly's mom: i don't see why not. kimberly: are you sure this is okay. aisha's mom: or we can't wait. aisha's dad: welcome to the family, kimberly. )