dex: look, lexian. another dregon's plauge's sentry. i like to pull horns off. plague sentry:  the fools. the poison's gas they dig up only heist them for the destruction of their planet. king lexian: you'll get your chance someday, dex. plague sentry: bring on will be please. zordon: alpha, what is troubling you so. how can i be any help if you not tell me what the problem is. alpha: zordon, i'm afraid no one can help. zordon: there's only one way to find out. please tell me, alpha. what has happened. alpha: oh, i suppose you're right. you see i was monitoring the galactic scanner when i pick up the distress signal from the planet, edoni. zordon: your home planet. no wonder it disturbs you, alpha. alpha: there's more. i was assembled on edoni by their leader, lexian. but my scan pick up no trace of him and the planet appears under heavy attack. alpha: edoni is very far away. for now, all we can do is continue to monitor and hope for more information. alpha: oh, zordon. that something's terribly wrong. adam: hey, what's up. billy: hey, uh, i just contacted alpha. tommy: hey, let's go to pay him a visit. tommy: how far is this planet, zordon. zordon: edoni is located in the northern most coordinate of the galaxy. i'm afraid is far beyond our reach. alpha: the planet's leader, king lexian was assembled me himself and gave me life. he was like a father to me. aisha: what can we do for help. zordon: i'm afraid there's only you could do to assist, rangers. at such a great distance there's a good chance that you will not have all your powers. the risk such a journey to great. tommy: taken risk that never stops before, zordon. rocky: that's right. i think we should go check it out. alpha: will you really do that for me, rangers. zordon: i have resolutions about this venture. but it appears to be the only way to learn more about situation on edoni. remember, rangers. you're only going to investigate. alpha: please try to find out what is happened to king lexian. billy: zordon, will you be able contact constero communicators attack rises. zordon: yes. the new chip you have installed. will make that possible. good work. tommy: alpha, can you contact kimberley for us let her know what's going on. alpha: you can count on it, tommy. zordon: very well. prepare to morph. alpha: rangers, promise me to careful. i never forgive myself if anything happened to you. adam: don't worry, alpha. white power ranger: alright, guys. this is the big one. red power ranger: right. white power ranger: zordon, we're ready. zordon: tommy, be prepared anything upon your arrival. white power ranger: okay. zordon: the selected coordinates will land you near the worst disturb sense on edoni. stand by to teleport. alpha, enter the coordinates. alpha: right. entering coordinates now. igniting teleport sequence. zordon: good luck, rangers. white power ranger: alright, guys. here goes. power rangers: power rangers. alpha: oh, thank you, zordon. thank you. lord zedd: blast. where are they. rita: what. where's those rangers. what are they up to. white power ranger: alright, everybody. we prepare for anything. yellow power ranger: you hear those explosions. white power ranger: yeah. their getting closer. red power ranger: man, somebody out there is just heavy duty fire power. whoa. yellow power ranger: but, why. there's nothing out here but rocks. blue power ranger: it's gotta be a spaceship try to disturb the planet's surface. white power ranger: if we don't take cover. we'll be disturb it. yellow power ranger: yeah. black power ranger: which way should we go. their blasting all around us. red power ranger: hey, it stopped. white power ranger: probably, not for long. yellow power ranger: yeah. white power ranger: let's go. black power ranger: right. white power ranger: this rock formation on give us some cover. shell it starts again. what do you think where is coming from for. and who's doing it. blue power ranger: yeah. whoever they are. their close. white power ranger: yeah, we're the edonites. yellow power ranger: wait a minute. i think i just found out something their are. but, what in the world what their doing. guy: i think i see movement. yellow power ranger: whoa. hey, guys. come here. come over and check this out. white power ranger: huh. red power ranger: whoa. who are those guys. king lexian: now, where is dex gone. yellow power ranger: their must be edonites. but, how can we be sure. red power ranger: and what are they digging up. blue power ranger: well, according to the data that i review back at the command center. this area planet is honey comb pockets poisonous gases that their just below the surface. white power ranger: well, that explain the gas mask. but why would anyone will release poison and gas. yellow power ranger: yeah, i don't get it. dex: intruders. what are you doing here. white power ranger: wait. we're meaning no harm. we come to your planet in piece. donais: ha. a likely story. blue power ranger: no, it's true. we're received report that your planet was in danger. donais: you lie. we sent no messages to a likes of you. dex: you poses friends but your garmets betrayed you. you were sent by count dregon to further enslave our people. white power ranger: no, no, no. that's not it. red power ranger: now, wait just a minute. we're from planet, earth. we don't even know who this count dregon guy is. ferrian: he lies. they need to attack us. dex: i call the upon the powers of light and truth to become masked rider. ectophase activate. masked rider: now, you shall pay. white power ranger: whoa. this guy definitely has the wrong idea about us. masked rider: hear me. there's no room for count dregon and his evil plague patrol. it is time for you to stand with me now, defenders of edoni. yellow power ranger: couldn't we just talk about this. masked rider: silence. we're attack no meaning of non planet under the cave of war. red power ranger: guys, come on, now. hold on a second. masked rider: for edoni. my friends. red power ranger: stop. please. black power ranger: we don't wanna fight you. black power ranger: we don't wanna fight, guys. black power ranger: you gotta believe me. we're not the enemy. ferrian: are you going intruding our world. all intruders are enemies of enites. yellow power ranger: you don't understand. let me explain. why we come here. wait. hold on a second. we only came because alpha ask us too. zaruis: alpha. did you say alpha. blue power ranger: we have to talk. your planet's surface being disturb. donais: but, but, how. how did you know that. masked rider: prepare to be crush like all those who dared cross the masked rider. white power ranger: this is getting us nowhere. you've gotta listen to us. masked rider: nothing you can say will save you. sealed your own fate by coming here. now, you shall pay the ultimate price for your actions. red power ranger: you gotta believe us. we're here to help. masked rider: i believe no one. white power ranger: listen we should be fighting together. red power ranger: yeah. hold up will ya. white power ranger: yeah. masked rider: never. you can tell count dregon you have failed. count dregon: doubleface, who is these multi creatures who battle masked rider. masked rider: what do you continue. give up and go back to dregon. red power ranger: come on, hot shot. hold still will ya. white power ranger: wait a second. what do we have to do to convince you. white power ranger: they firing again. red power ranger: their not at us this time. masked rider: wait a minute. dregon's ship firing at all of us. even dregon is alone have to fight on his own soldiers. red power ranger: that's what we been trying to tell you. all along. yellow power ranger: yeah. white power ranger: yeah. red power ranger: we came here to help. but, we're been getting blasted since the minute we got here. masked rider: hold it. we must know their telling the truth. how are you able find us here. white power ranger: we came because alpha 5 believe you were in danger. we're the power rangers. masked rider: friends of alpha. friends of ours. welcome to edoni. masked rider: friends, we must see sentry. this way. quickly. yellow power ranger: whoa. you don't have to tell me twice. come on. )