marisa: i'm marisa. adam: i'm adam. this is my friends, billy, rocky, kimberly and aisha. kimberly: hi. why's everybody calling us witches. tommy: if you're like me, you can't be evil. fake tommy: let's face it we all have our dark sides. tommy: my dark side's faded with the green ranger's powers. fake tommy: i am the green ranger. only i'm more powerful than you, white ranger. so, are you gonna fight against yourself. lord zedd: ah, yes. mission accomplished. goldar: oh, no. not her again. rita: so tell me more, my evil husband. lord zedd: there is once difference between them. our new green ranger doesn't not suffer the bone. i haven't to fight fair. rita: and you know what that means. no more power rangers. lord zedd: i feel like celebrating. shall we dance, my dear. squatt: who would thought that. billy: and basically and that's how we travel back in time and ended up here. kimberly: we'll tell you about it later. rocky: yeah, good idea. cause we need to find a way out of here. billy: we'll just contact zordon. alpha, zordon. alpha, zordon, can you hear me. bulk: where's the wizard. skull: what wizard. bulk: come on, you don't remember, man. tom oliver: so you see i'm all about you. i have your secrets and weaknesses. so why don't you just making easy on yourself and surrender to me. tommy: if you're really knew me. you know i never did that. zordon: alpha, activate the viewing globe. i detecting a disturbance through the morphing grid. alpha 5: ayyiyiyi. tom: so that's the way you wanted, huh. alpha 5: this can't be. there are two tommys. zordon: now we know the wizard of deception was up to. he has cloned his own power ranger. alpha 5: oh, no. this is terrible. zordon: contact the other rangers, alpha. and advise them of the situation. alpha 5: this is very strange, zordon. the power rangers do no appear anywhere in angel grove. zordon: you must keep trying, alpha. alpha 5: yes, zordon. i am expending the search permatters now. tom oliver: so that's the way you wanted, huh. green ranger versus the white ranger. wizard of deception: now. tommy: it's morphin' time. tom: i was hoping you'd say that. wizard of deception:  white power ranger:  wizard of deception: yes, morph, that's exactly what i want you to do. white power ranger: well, one thing for sure: two of me can't exist in same place, in the same time. green power ranger: at last, we agree in one thing. after i defeat you, i'll be happy to take your place. wizard of deception:  it's show time.  white power ranger:  green power ranger:   wizard of deception: white ranger, your tenacity surprises me. white power ranger: your first mistake, never underestimate the power of the humans spirit. rocky: if we can't reach zordon does that mean we're gonna trapped here forever. kimberly: well, tommy still back there he'll come for us. billy: asuming know where's to look. i mean remember we are in 200 years in the past, right. kimberly: billy, you've gotta keep trying. billy: right. zordon. guys, i still can't get through. alpha, zordon. alpha, zordon, can you hear me. kimberly: we've gotta do something. rocky: well, let's just morph. kimberly: skull. marisa: their not witches. adam: leave her alone. kimberly: what are we going to do. white power ranger:  green power ranger:  green power ranger:  white power ranger: give it up, green ranger. your brand of evil will never win. green power ranger: you're the one should be given up. white power ranger:  i'll destroy you if the last thing i ever do. wizard of deception: how right. enough, of this child's play. let's have some real action.  white power ranger:  wizard of deception:  wizard of deception:  i don't think this white ranger will interfere with our plans any further. you need to use the dragon dagger. we need dragonzord power to begin the destruction of the city. but first, pay a visit to my old friend, zordon. make sure he's know what he's up, behind the destruction of his precious power rangers. green power ranger: as you wish, master. wizard of deception:  my revenge is sweet.  tommy:  adam: billy, we can't morph now. kimberly: of course not. billy: here let me take care of this. rocky, just play along. i think i can explain everything. alpha 5: zordon, i can't locate the rangers anywhere. zordon: you must keep trying, alpha. tommy can not face this threat alone. alpha 5: right, zordon, i'll do my best. green power ranger: whoa. this is a cool set up. alpha 5: oh, dear. oh, hi, tommy. aah. zordon: alpha, that is not tommy. that's the wizard's green ranger creation. green power ranger: that's right, you old wing bag. and i'm here to deliver a message. zordon: first, tommy went to the wizard of deception. instead of tommy and the other rangers. green power ranger: keep your force field on, old man. whatever i'm gonna tell you. i'll tell you when i'm good and ready. understand. goldar: oh, true love, no.  no, no. lord zedd: of course i do. and as soon we get rid of the white ranger. i believe is time to think about it a new edition to our family. rita: edition. what kind of edition. lord zedd: why a baby. rita: what. lord zedd: you know. rita: excuse me a moment. i'll be right back. lord zedd: sweetheart. that wasn't a quite reaction i suspected. finster: oh, my queen how nice to see you. rita: never mind that. the potion has made me is begin to fall. make me a new potion quick finster: what kind my, queen. rita: a kind of lord zedd forget a stupid idea. he wants me to have a baby. rita: i'm not having a baby. now make a new potion and quick about it. finster: a new potion. oh, dear. billy: here's the situation. rocky: ready, guys. aisha: let's go. kimberly: let's go. their gaining on us. billy: where are we running to. marisa: well, thank god. we need your help. kimberly: thanks a lot. all: bulk. green power ranger: take a good look, old timer. i am the green ranger now. there's nothing you can do about it. zordon: don't be so sure of yourself. i demand to know what you done to the power rangers. green power ranger: that's just say where ever they are. history's repeating itself. zordon: i warn you. if any harms is come to them. i'll green power ranger: what. gotta send a stupid robot option. get real. zordon: quick, alpha, did you hear what he said. alpha 5: affirmative, zordon. he said the rangers are in a place for history repeating itself. zordon: the wizard must have sent them back in time. alpha 5: activating time processer now, zordon. but, unless we can pinpoint there time period they were sent back to it could take very long time to find them. zordon: without more information, we have no choice. start the present day and work your way backward scanning for genetic markers. alpha 5: what if we can't find them, zordon. zordon: i'll think, alpha. we will. we know the white ranger is still the present time. we must locate him. only he can stop the wizard's green ranger. alpha 5: what if they this is turn out to be. wizard of deception: ah. you have done well, green ranger. it is now time to begin the destruction. i'll shall go back in time to keep the other rangers occupied.  green power ranger: dragonzord, your time is come true awaken and serve your new master. rocky: uh, that's not my foot. wizard of deception: well, that's good to know. i especially enjoy. but, i have plans for you next.  rocky: plan. you again. wizard of deception: yes. i just thought i bring a big news from home. the city is about to destroyed. too bad you're not there to see it. adam: you'll never get away with it. wizard of deception: but, i already have. now did someone something about rats. billy: guys, i think it's time. adam: you got it. rocky: it's morphin' time. kimberly: it's not working. aisha: i can't what. billy: oh, that's right. we've been transported 200 back years before we met zordon. we have no powers yet. adam: we've can take them. billy: no, it's too risky. we don't know their capable of. wizard of deception:  do you really think you can get away.  kimberly: come on. wizard of deception: i will leave you now to have some fun. do it what you've wish.  green power ranger: angel grove, prepare for the destruction. )