tommy:  rita:  oh, yes. this is the world without the power rangers. rita: why don't you go check up on that wizard. see what he's up to next. i love that wizard. lord zedd: yes. that was one of my best ideas myself. lord zedd: goldar, whose idea was it. goldar: yours, my lord. lord zedd: there. prove it. lord zedd: wizard, what is our status. wizard of deception: all is well, lord zedd. the green ranger is about to start the destruction of angel grove. lord zedd:  excellent. first, angel grove. and then, the world. both:  guy: look. guy 2: clear the area. clear the area. clear the area. green power ranger: angel grove, prepare for your destruction. skull's ancestor: run. run. tommy: have you seen the guys. bulk: no. have you. both:  tommy: i mean it, bulk. have you seen them. bulk: no. i do not know where these geeks are. zordon: are you having any luck, alpha. alpha 5: yes, i found tommy, zordon. zordon: what about the rest of the rangers. alpha 5: no. no sign of them yet. what's going on, zordon. zordon: it's what i fear most, alpha. the green ranger's attempted to call out the sleeping dragonzord. alpha 5: oh, no. zordon: it could be successful. there could be a disaster. alert, tommy, immediately. tommy: zordon, come in. zordon: tommy, we have an emergency. i can't locate the other rangers. the green ranger has calling on the dragonzord watching him control he will uses his powers for evil. tommy: i'll do my best to stop it, zordon. zordon: be careful, white ranger and the made the power to protect you. alpha, i'm very concern about tommy. maintain continue his contact. alpha 5: right, zordon. estalishing visual contact now. zordon: then the wizard created the green ranger. it drained tommy of some of his energy. all of his sensors could be effective. alpha 5: you were right, zordon. look. tommy: what's wrong with me. alpha 5: what are we going to do, zordon. zordon: once tommy morphs into the white ranger. he will be re energize. but, only for a short time. we must find the other rangers, alpha. alpha 5: right, zordon. i just wished that i knew what you look. wizard of deception: in engage yourself with evil, dragonzord. energize yourself with evil.  green power ranger: dragonzord, we are now united by the forces of evil. zordon: tommy, even you now you'll feel weak. if you can manage to molecalar re energize for a brief time. tommy: it's morphin' time. tigerzord. white power ranger: alright, it worked, zordon. now, prepare to end this green ranger once and for all. green power ranger: destroy all. perfect. lord zedd: white ranger wasn't to interfere. send down the putties. goldar: with pleasure, my legal liege. white power ranger: oh, no you guys again. well, first thin first. white power ranger: yeah. nice try, zedd. but, you'll have to better than that. lord zedd: ah, i will, white ranger. ha, ha. trust me. i will. white power ranger: saba, you're okay, buddy. saba: yes, quite. white power ranger: good. we better put a move on the green ranger. before zedd's turn up the heat. tigerzord, power now. okay, saba, let's prove to them that good always try themselves for evil. both: white tigerzord battle ready now. white power ranger: let's do it. sorry, old friend. but, i got to shut you down. huh. saba: uhoh. i think you need a bit more cower. white power ranger: good going with warrior mode, now. thunderbolt, fire. alright, direct hit.   zordon: white ranger's drawing weak. alpha 5: i can't find the rangers. zordon: keep searching, alpha. without the other rangers, the white ranger must surely derfeated. alpha 5: oh, no. saba: tommy, wake up. use it. wizard of deception: so, white ranger, are you ready to surrender. white power ranger: never. green power ranger: remember, only one tommy can survive. wizard of deception: well, let me you bit a pitiful excuse for a ranger. white power ranger: oh, i, uh, i might surrender. if you consider the same place as you sent my friends. green power ranger: you want travel 200 years back in time. white power ranger: yes. just what i want to know. rita: what's going on. lord zedd: the white ranger is not giving up. rita: as long as the rangers are gone. he won't be able to keep it up much longer. lord zedd: yes. and only how the wizard holds the power to transport across time. the white ranger has finally met his match. alpha 5: zordon, look. i found them. and their all safe and sound. i think. that was brilliant the way tommy trick the green ranger. zordon: contact tommy immediately. he must gain control of that magic wand. white power ranger: i read you, zordon. i hope you got good news. zordon: yes, tommy, we located the other rangers. capture the wizard's magic wand and use it to transport back in time to rescue them. white power ranger: right. green power ranger: no. white power ranger: on, no, you don't. you won't fall for people should underestimated me. ha, ha, ha. zordon, i've got the wand. i'm on my way. hey, you guys. kimberly: tommy. white power ranger: i'm so glad you guys are safe. i've come to take you back. but, we've gotta hurry. the green ranger has unleash the dragonzord in angel grove. aisha: but we can't just leave these people here with those giant rats running around. white power ranger: there's no time with here with that now, aisha. we'll come back and finish off with these dirty rats. adam: come with us. there's so much i want show you. rocky: come on, adam. billy: we've gotta go. kimberly: come on. white power ranger: don't worry, everyone. we've come back to take care of those rats. oksy, let's go. adam: we'll never forget you, marissa. white power ranger: you guys morph and shut down the dragonzord. i'll handle these two. all: thunder megazord, power up. white power ranger: ha, ha. looks like the shows over, wizard. and you're evil magic will be down fall. wizard of deception:  green power ranger:  white power ranger: you're finally free from the wizard's evil spell. green power ranger: i feel like such a fool. i can't believe i let him control me. white power ranger: you control the dragonzord. only you can stop it. green power ranger: i can't. white power ranger: you have to. black power ranger: hasn't work yet. we lost the commutior. billy, get the computer. blue power ranger: right. red power ranger: adam, power up the weapons. black power ranger: got it. red power ranger: alright, guys, let's finish the job. all: thunder saber power up. white power ranger: wait, guys. you don't need to do that now. wait, stop. all: thunder saber battle action. green power ranger: tommy's right. i must stop them. the wizard's spell is broken. green power ranger: it's time to return the dragonzord to the sea. at least that's over with. saba: now, what to do with two tommys. white power ranger: we'll figure something out. green power ranger: i just can't believe it. i was responsible for all the destruction. white power ranger: you were under the wizard's magic spell. it wasn't your fault. no matter how hard they tried, rita and zedd have never been able to turn me evil. green power ranger: but me. white power ranger: not even a part of me. now, i've got some unfinished business to attend to form of some giant rats. come with me, together we can free angel grove's past from lord zedd's evil spell. come on, tom. green power ranger: one last battle is the green ranger. alright, who's next. i think it's time to shrink these guys back to size. white power ranger: i think you're right. let's do it. congratulations on job well done, green ranger. from now, i think it's time to head home. green power ranger: i can't, tommy. white power ranger: you said it yourself. only one of us gonna exist on the same time. zordon will think of something. green power ranger: there's no place for me. let me stay here and i could do some good for a change. skull's ancestor: he's always welcome to join in. green power ranger: well, i don't think i'll be needed this anymore. white power ranger: well, if your mind's made up. 'white power ranger: there you go. i wish nothing but luck, my friend. i hope everything works out for ya. hey, i've never forget ya. tom: you know how much for a choice. i'm part of you. white power ranger: i don't know. we wish we both should ready for this. man: did you see the hat just apepar like that.. white power ranger: take care, man. aisha: you guys, i'm just so glad zordon destroy that magic wand. )