donais: inside everybody quickly. the bomb bomer from dregon's beta base getting worse. masked rider: we'll be safe in here. right time. cyclopter: count dregon, we lost them. we need to send in the plague patrol. masked rider: we could stay here only short while. dregon's plague patrol now know's where we are. ferrian: sire. zarius: are you injured. ferrian: are you alright, prince dex. masked rider: i will be fine my friends. i need to rest by the moment. red power ranger: whoa. blue power ranger: he's humanoid. yellow power ranger: who are you. what's your name. donais: i feel it. maybe we could trust them, sire. dex: my name's is dex. prince of edeoni. i am also called the masked rider. a power stold upon me to battle evil and justice. it is safe to breathe in here. we're far away end up in the mines side at our air similar to the earth. i have trusted it you with my identity. i shall not betray the trust of yours. tommy: i'm tommy. adam: adam. billy: i'm billy. rocky: rocky. aisha: aisha. dex: these are my friends, zarius, donais and ferrian. ferrian: who are you. why have you come to edenoi. tommy: we're the power rangers. we protect the planet, earth. rocky: we were sent by zordon and alpha 5. billy: we were told us the situation report back on well being. tommy: tell us dex, what happened to your planet and what are those crystals on your foreheads. dex: i'll show you. mind crystals. they give us the ability to communicate are thoughts as well as images. count dregon has enslave our people force them to mine soire. this releases noxious gasses that will ultimately destroy our planet. adam: but, how you could just let his happen. dex: you see edeoni was the planet of great peace. we had not been we need for weapons or armies for many centuries. count dregon was aware of this and in our ability rages attack. we were not prepared as were the race of scollars and artisans. price payed was our freedom. some have escaped edeoni. but many more are still in hide. this is what it become of our planet. billy: dex, how did you become the masked rider. dex: the masked rider powers have exited on edenoi from many centuries. hand it down to king to king. kept always ready but never need it. until reasonly the powers were been stored upon by my grandfather, king lexian. when i became cleared we were losing the fight against count dregon and his evil minions. dregon's must never get his hands on the masked rider powers for within he will be invincible. the entire galaxy will be risk. until, lexian can be return to his rightful throne. the people i know edenoi by their time slaving in the gas mines. dependent on masked rider to stay of dregon's attempts to destroy our planet.  until that day our rebel forces continue to fight bravely on. i remained an outlaw under the guise of the masked rider trying to bring some sense of hope to our people. alpha: ah, kimberley is you how are you feeling. kimberly: alpha, have you heard from the guys yet. alpha: not yet. kimberly: will you keep me posted. alpha: of course i will. i'll let you know soon as i hear from them. girl: so, john, so we're going to shawn's house. girl #2: really. girl: you wanna go over there. girl #2: do you really mean it. girl: totally. i decide about this. bulk: hi, skull. skull: hi, bulk. bulk: what do you think what their talking about. bulk: so. don't you get it. skull: no way. i'm going to looking for those power rangers again i had it up to hear. bulk: we don't have to look for them. we just found them. lord zedd: will you two stop follow me around. where is finster with new monster. goldar: yeah. not when dregon moving in on you. lord zedd: count dregon. i hate him. i dispisce him. he's too evil for his own good. aisha: our friend, alpha wants to know what's become lexian your leader. dex: lexian is my grandfather. he's in hiding orchestration our people's escape. he saved the time being. bulk: so, tell me, skull, how did you find out the power rangers we're gonna be there. skull: i don't know. skull: and that's how the power rangers will be there. bulk: this informatione top secret. now, tell me where and when the power rangers will be meeting. plauge sentry: cogs, italianate the rebels and their multy color friends in the cave. donais: cogwarts. rocky: cogwarts. ferrian: there just creatures sent to edeoni by count dregon. dex: plague patrol is returned. plague sentry: bust them out of the cave, cogwarts. embellished them. cut them down. aisha: this doesn't look like cogwarts we're going anywhere either. tommy: oh, man. this definitely look good. cogwart: come face us, rebels. plague sentry: plague patrol flash the rebels out. dex: i have the cap abilities of handling the cogwarts. but there's still the matter of the plague patrol. billy: well, this definitely something we could help you with. tommy: yeah. we'll take care of the plague patrol. plauge sentry #1: we know what you're in there, rebels scum. come out and fight. adam: i think the welcome wagon's here. plague sentry #1: hear me, prince dex. you and your multi color friends can not stay in that cave forever. come on out, before we send the cogwarts in after you.  aisha: it's now and never. dex: to the power. all: to the power. tommy: let's do it. back to action. dex: you've had your wish, lord some barbariens. if it's a fight you want it is a fight you should have. plague sentry #2: we shall now. put an end to you and the rebellion, prince dex. your costume cold hards whoever they are. can not save you. dex: as new friends, like these rally to our cost. the day grews near when you and your evil master, count dregon shall be banished from edeoni for all times. you have finally met your match, plague patrol. comrades, let us destroy them. plague sentry #3: hey, what's going on. dex: in the name of king lexian rightful me. ectophase activate. masked rider: now, villains, you should know the power of the masked rider and the power rangers. white power ranger: we're right behind you, dex. plague sentry #1: a very touching performance, rebel. but we're not impressed. get them, plague patrol. red power ranger: you sure you can handle the cogwarts. masked rider: yes. red power ranger: get your friends inside. we'll take care of the chumps. masked rider: time to corwell some cogwarts. donais: quick. ferrian: hurry. plague sentry #1: you'll about to pay for your meddling, earthling. white power ranger: huh. i think you should come down on your high horse.  ha. man, i gotta tell ya, you're in uglier up close. plague sentry #1: you will play for your insolence, intruder. masked rider: time for rider kick. masked rider: two for one. plague sentry #3: you'll have to kick harder in that. black power ranger: we'll see what i can do about that. plague sentry #3: i'll crush you for that you little nose wad. white power ranger: hey, your shoes untied. plague sentry #2: enough of this games. red power ranger: so, let's go. too slow. blue power ranger: you need a breath mint. plague sentry #2: blast you. alpha: i certainly hope their alright. zordon: i'm sure there's no cost to concern, alpha. you must have faith in their abilities. alpha: oh, i'm sure you're right. lord zedd: now, go. alpha: it's heading straight for angel grove. zordon: contact the power rangers on edeoni once, alpha. we need them to return to earth. alpha: i'll try, zordon. alpha: something's wrong, zordon. i lost contact with the rangers on edeoni. oh, this is terrible. rangers, come in. tommy, do you read me. zordon: then we have no choice, alpha. contact kimberly at once. alpha: right, zordon. but kimberly is still sick. i hope she's up to this. come in, kimberly. kimberly: alpha, what's the news. alpha: there's a monster in angel grove, kimberly. i know you're not well, but we need you. are you up to it. kimberly: i think so. )