pink power ranger: i'm not sure. alpha: she's losing the fight with repellator. zordon: we must getting message to the other power rangers, alpha. try to contact them again. using alternative sequency. alpha: right. all possible waylinks. alpha: what are we going to do. zordon: you must have fate in kimberly. she's really resourceful. alpha: you're zordon. at least i hope you are. pink power ranger: i better report in. alpha, do you read me. alpha: kimberly, i'm so happy to hear from you. zordon: are you alright, kimberly. where is repellator. pink power ranger: he came down in something and took off. but i have a feeling he's gonna be back soon, zordon. zordon: i'm sure you're correct. stand by and be ready for him. pink power ranger: got it, zordon. kimberly out. zordon: alpha, try contact the others again. routing our signal through the galactic phaseshifter. alpha: of course. to cut through the interference. right away, zordon. zordon: let's hope the rangers are alright. alpha: i think the phasing is working. our signal is going out loud and clear now. alpha:  come in, power rangers. white power ranger: my communicator. alpha, i read you. come in. zordon: tommy, angel grove is under attack. how soon will be able return to earth. white power ranger: i don't know, zordon. things are pretty hairy here right now. i don't think we should leave not yet. black power ranger: what's the emergency, zordon. white power ranger: yeah, is everybody okay. zordon: a typical low some monster, lord zedd's has attack angel grove. kimberly is battling him. but, she is still ill and needs your help. white power ranger: got it. blue power ranger: hey, guys. what is it. what did zordon said. white power ranger: trouble back home. we're gonna wrap this thing up. plague sentry #1: won't see us in coffee break. white power ranger: ha. you guys are the ones who's gonna take a break. perminately. repellator: masters, have you got anything i can take this sore throat. lord zedd: huh. repellator, what are you doing here. repellator: i've got pink ranger's flu bug. lord zedd: finster find a cure for this sneeze monster of yours and get him back to earth to fight kimberly. plague sentry #2: i've got you now. white power ranger: whoa. you like to travel. plague sentry #1: yeah. white power ranger: have a nice trip. see you next fall. plague sentry: this isn't gone fall. repellator: what am i suppose do. repellator: what should i do. 'repellator: it's there a pill i could take. repellator: yeah, yeah okay. soon as this job is over. wait a minute. what are you doing with that thing. repellator: it's there another way. girl #2: you're the power rangers. why won't you do something. masked rider: electro sabre. activate. masked rider: be gone, creatures. plague sentry #1: cowards. another day, dex. when you without your trouble some friends. masked rider: save it, your breath for your retreat. plague semtry #1: oh, wait up. wait, wait. masked rider: masked rider, deactivate. plague sentry: you haven't seen the last of me. i'll be back for you, prince. dex: i'll be ready for you. count dregon: come in here. report. has dex being captured. gork: no sire. unfortunately, he escaped. nefaria: the plague patrol reported strangers. count dregon: strangers and multi color costumes. i know. we must find these meddlers and teach them a lesson. cyclopter: i know who they are sire. gork: he does not. what we know is they been here from another planet and when they leave we'll be able follow them home. coutn dregon: and then we will destroy them. alpha: oh, what are we going to do now. kimberly: i'll take care of that overgorwn green guy. kimberly: alpha, can you contact the others and ask them meet me there as soon they can. alpha: you got it, kimberly. dex: i can thank you enough for our courageous fight and causing edenoi. rocky: glad we can help really. tommy: yeah, look. i'm sorry, but uh we got to cut this busy short. adam: trouble at home. dex: you have your planet to protect as do i. billy: good luck, dex and keep us some form to your well fair. aisha: yeah. alpha's really worried about things up here. specially, lexian. dex: go my friends your planet is waiting. to the power. tommy: to the power. see you later, man. bye. billy: take care. aisha: bye. rocky: bye you guys. let's hit it. dex: till' next time, power rangers. count dregon: there. the intruders leaving idenoi. track them. gork: we're locked on to them, sire. cyclopter: they are headed for planet, earth. count dregon: then, earth shall be our next target. white power ranger: man, it's good to be home. yellow power ranger: yeah. white power ranger: now, these coordinates are right then. there zedd's monster. red power ranger: it's time to make the call, tommy. white power ranger: right. rita: what, what. white power ranger: let's do it. repellator, you're history. repellator: oh, how cute. you're both got toy swords. white power ranger: alright, that does it, repellator. lord zedd: no. no. if count dregon finds out about this. bulk: skull, do me a favor. skull: what's that. zordon: welcome back, rangers. i'm pleased that you able to help the edenoites and still save angel grove from destruction. alpha: and i am pleased to learn that king lexian is saved on edenoi. he such a wise and noble leader. tommy: yeah. hey, dex is pretty amazing, too. you should see when he became the masked rider. zordon: from what you say it is evident. king lexian chose well restoring masked rider powers on dex. adam: zordon, what do you think's gonna happen people of edenoi. you think dex and lexian will get them a word from a planet of time. zordon: they are strong will people. i believe they will succeed. aisha: man, that count dregon was nothing short of a nightmare. billy: i'm just starting would have more time to get to know the edenoites. dex, specially. zordon: there is much we could learn from them. perhaps there will be another chance. count dregon: my wicked plan for the conquest of the planet, earth are complete. gork: excellent, sire. tell us. count dregon: i will eliminate those who aid masked rider and the rest of the people of earth shall be conscripted in to my army of slaves. haha. king lexian: the time is come, dex. dex: but, grandfather, i can just leave you. king lexian: you must. it is too late for our planet now. our spirit will move on to guide you to destiny. dex: my destiny. king lexian: planet, earth is count dregon's next target. will be up to you to protect it from destruction. now, go. before it's too late. dex: grandfather, i will always love you. )