red power ranger: we're not beaten yet, rangers. let's do it. all: tyrannosarus dinosaur, power now. lord zedd: ah, perfect. monster: watch this. red power ranger: look out. hey, what's going on. he's turned on us. our only hope now is tommy and his draonzord. alpha 5: quick, tommy. the rangers need you. green power ranger: right i'm out of here. pink power ranger: tommy, i'm so glad you're here. green power ranger: me, too. now, what's going on. black power ranger: fishface frozed my zord and turn tyranosarus against us. green power ranger: i'll call the dragonzord to protect us. lord zedd: power rangers, you are finished. green power ranger: oh, no. they got the dragonzord, too. pink power ranger: what are we going to do. red power ranger: this can't be happening. red power ranger: oh, man. i can't believe they actually turn to us. blue power ranger: watch out for the dragonzord's tail. red power ranger: where did it go. yellow power ranger: their over there. red power ranger: we've gotta stop them. red power ranger: maybe we can get to the zords control. red power ranger: tommy, it's not gonna work. let's regroup. green power ranger: right. i'm on the way. red power ranger: everybody, get down. we better get to the command center. maybe zordon will know have the answer. jason: zordon, we lost our zords. zack: that's it. we're history. trini: i can't believe this is hot it ends. kimberley: isn't there anything that we can do. zordon: i'm afraid nothing we can do would ever give the zords enough power. you now need stronger new zords equipped with the power of thunder to defeat lord zedd. tommy: new zords. billy: the power of thunder. what do you mean, zordon. alpha 5: follow me, rangers. jason: these new zords are amazing. billy: whoa. more phenomenal. zack: lord zedd is in for it now. kimberley: um, what about tommy. alpha 5: it's not yet known whether or not tommy's powers will remain. tommy: it'a alright, guys. we knew this might happen. i just wish these was something i could do about it. trini: when do we take control of the new zords. alpha 5: it's imperative that we regain control of the old zords first. jason': looks like we got our work cut out for us, guys. kimberly: we've gotta come up with something. jason, what can we do. billy: here, let me help. tommy: there's gotta be a way. billy: i think i got something here. trini: what is it, billy. billy: i think all the vulnerable equipment back at my lab. zordon: we have no time to lose. kimberly: hope this works. jason: me too. billy: do you have the wire tips strip. trini: um, yeah, here it is. billy: good work, trini. skull: come on, bulk. come on, bulk. tommy: zordon, what's happening. alpha 5: billy and trini haven't had enough time to finish the device. jason: we can't wait for them. we've gotta morph. zack: i'm with you. jason: but, zordon, we can't just sit around and wait. zack: there's nothing we could do. kimberly: i hope billy and trini finished soon. tommy: they have to. zack: zordon, we've gotta do something. zordon: alpha, contact billy and trini. alpha 5: right away, zordon. zordon: billy, trini, have you finished the device yet. trini: hope we gonna done soon. alpha 5: hurry. we need it. kimberly: tell billy and trini meet us there. alpha 5: right. red power ranger: alright. stay alert, everyone. black power ranger: i don't see the monster anywhere. green power ranger: or the zords. pink power ranger: well, the monster here somewhere. i could almost smell it. red power ranger: let's look around. be careful. pink power ranger: this is exact location we saw in the viewing globe. he's gotta be out here somewhere. fishface: looking for something, rangers. green power ranger: look. there he is. black power ranger: and the flash. red power ranger: let's go. all: right. red power ranger: where did he go. pink power ranger: hold on, you guys. green power ranger: heads up. putties. black power ranger: oh, man. it's a trap. red power ranger: remember, guys. we've gotta aim for the z. let's do it, rangers. black power ranger: yeah. green power ranger: jason, look out. yeah. red power ranger: yeah. black power ranger: man, the putties are tougher than used to be. pink power ranger: they just don't quit. bulk: you. what are you doing here. bulk: no. what's a matter with you. black power ranger: hey, guys, we did great. red power ranger: we sure did. green power ranger: which is way to figure out lord zedd's up to now next. black power ranger: aw, no. look who's back. red power ranger: oh, no. he's activated the zords. pink power ranger: we need billy and trini. red power ranger: take cover. alpha 5: this is terrible. we have to do something. red power ranger: zordon, we can make it without the new zords. )