zordom: billy, your new friend in there teacher are very serious trouble. billy: the computer data reports that mr. anderson, adam, rocky and aisha are being held some closed area in another dimension. alpha 5: goldar must taking them to lord zedd's dimension of despair. aisha: come on. i'm almost had it. mr. anderson: aisha, what are you doing. don't do that. you can make them angry. goldar: just a little time. to join us. lord zedd: time is the auxiliary we don't have. kimberly: what now. kimberly: zordon, we've gotta do something quickly. trini: how can we beat it. alpha 5: oh, no. lord zedd has jammed our scanner frequency. i can not even can point the location of the monster. zordon: fear not, rangers. but first, tommy, kimberly and billy, you must continue your rescue efforts. jason, trini and zack, you must stop the monster. you will use your transport mode called jettting. jason: right. alpha 5: jetting. will allow you to exactly where you are going. zordon: good luck, power rangers. yellow power ranger: whoa. black power ranger: man, this is cool. blue power ranger: zedd's dimensional open short here. white power ranger: good work, billy. monster: it will take three power rangers that woulds stop me. red power ranger: zordon, what's happening. red power ranger: aw, man. can he do that. zordon: he's going to try. alpha, sectors scan the park. zordon: they must unite and defeat the monster. before, it's too late. alert, tommy and the others. white power ranger: billy, wait. i read you, zordon. we which is about to go in. zordon: tommy, the threat of the flower monster has increased. he must be stop immediately. white power ranger: i hope our friends are be okay til we get back. zordon: good work, alpha. sensors are back online. zordon: tommy, transport now. alpha 5: we're doomed. oh, no. white power ranger: we're on our way, zordon. let's go. blue power ranger: come on, guys. let's put these two on ice. monster: well, so nice to see you again. white power ranger: where's the flower monster. monster: don't worry. he will keep you company. white power ranger: thanks, but no thanks. monster: come on, boys. that's have a little fun. white power ranger: every source is goes. monster: that's quite enough. but, i'm not going to take this from you, power brats again. white power ranger: stay back, everyone. white pwoer ranger: great. we're just didn't need right now. all: we need thunder megazord power now. white power ranger: looks like the battle work cut us right for us, ready. saba: whenever you are, white ranger. white power ranger: great. let's do it. thanks, saba. couldn't have done it without you. alright, it's time to take this creep out. both: white tigerzord battle ready now. white power ranger: alright, saba, let's rock and roll. jason, i'm in position. convert to thunder megazord ready. all: megazord power up. white power ranger: white tigerzord concert to warrior mode now. monster: you won't stop me. white power ranger: oh, yeah. alright, we got him now. lord zedd: i can hardly wait. alpha 5: what. oh, no. this could be one thing. zordon: alpha, contact the rangers immediately. alpha 5: yes, zordon, right away. zordon: tommy, you must find a way and destroy the monster. white power ranger: consider it done, zordon. zordon: after that, resume your mission to rescue the three young people and their teacher. white power ranger: we'll take care right away. right, guys. all: yeah, right. lord zedd: oh, no, you don't, zordon. monster: i'm back. zordon: what is happening, alpha. alpha 5: the monster is reassembled. zordon: tommy. lord zedd will do everything. please be careful. white power ranger: right, zordon. white tigerzord, power up. let's finish this guy off. monster: oh, yeah, well, not this time. aisha: aw, come on. rocky: aisha, how's it coming. mr. anderson: please be careful. aisha: i finally got it you, guys. rocky: yeah. great. okay, guys, follow my lead. let's go. monster: i'm not finished yet. i still have some couple of surprises for you. give us a smile. white power ranger: whoa. monster: the end is near, power rangers. that toy is useless. i told you. goldar: now, what's going on here. how did you get free. fools, chain them back up now. goldar: join us to the evil side. adam: never. goldar: might this change his mind. rocky: this is too weird. i hate snakes. all: thunder saber battle ready. power rangers thunder power. monster: you're not playing fair. white power ranger: saba, armed the thunderbolt. monster: that's it, power rangers, you're finished. white power ranger: white tigerbolt fire. ha, ha. you're the one who finished hamtersarus for good. zordon: alpha, teleport the rangers back to the command center. alpha 5: right away, zordon. zordon: a job well done, power rangers. but our troubles are far from over. lord zedd is still holding your friends captive in dimension in despair. alpha 5: you'll have to split into two teams again. red power ranger: let's do it. monster: you don't really think you could stop me do you. black power ranger: it's getting so cold. blue power ranger: alright, let's get those guys out of there. white power ranger: right. aisha: what are we going to do you guys. look. rocky: watch out. white power ranger: alright, guys. yes, zordon, i read you loud and clear. what's up. zordon: tommy. jason, trini and zack were potted a monster shower of pedals. alpha 5: their frozen solid. pink power ranger: what, now. we've gotta help them. blue power ranger: but, we also have enough to rocky, aisha and adam. pink power ranger: but, we can't be in two places in one. blue power ranger: zordon, how much time do we have left. zordon: i'm afraid it doesn't look good, power rangers. alpha 5: oh, no. what do we do. it's not fair they should have to choose. zordon: i agree with you, alpha. but i see no other way. unless, you can transport jason and the others back to the command center in their frozen state. alpha 5: i'm sorry, zordon. i can't bring them home without the other rangers. white power ranger: okay, zordon, we understand. zordon: mostly, tommy, there is no time to lose. blue power ranger: don't worry, we'll make it. pink power ranger: right. we got jason and the others and come back. white power ranger: let's go. hang in there, buddy. helps on the way. blue power ranger: right. look out. there he is. pink power ranger: there's the others. monster: ah, come to join the others have you. white power ranger: let's get him. blue power ranger: yeah. pink power ranger: we've gotta get them out of here. monster: you won't get away with that easy. all: now. kimberly: and why doesn't seem to be happening. blue power ranger: i don't understand. it's not working, alpha. alpha 5: well, maybe i'll i need it's just a couple of adjustments. billy: something's malfunctioning. kimberly: oh, man. tommy, we don't have much time. aisha: it's coming closer. )