reporter: one of thousands entrants, three names were announced today as the lucky students invited to attend the wold peace summit in switzerland. jason lee, zack taylor and trini kawn. zordon: i must now choose three new rangers. kimberley: zordon, who. zordon: you will learn soon enough. but the power transfer must be carry out at once. tommy: the power transfer. zordon: you must travel to deserted planet. with this map and ring you must retrieve the sword of light. only with the sword can power be transfer to the new rangers. billy: where is the desert planet. zordon: in a galaxy light years away. alpha will teleport you there. lord zedd: what could their be possibly going their for. baboo: maybe their in vacation. lord zedd: lord zedd, scourge of the universe. i'll be famous or better yet. infamous. goldar: power levels are maximum. on course for the deserted planet. lord zedd: soon, we'll wiped out the galaxy of the universe, along with the sword of light. full speed, ahead. white power ranger: whoa, check it out. pink power ranger: whoa. it's so unreal. yellow power ranger: whoa. blue power ranger: there it is the deserted city. white power ranger: wow. hard to believe this is been for thousand years. pink power ranger: it's beautiful don't you think. blue power ranger: we need to hurry. let's check out the map. we'll be head it out right into the center of the city. at least won't be traffic worried about. white power ranger: yeah. you've got that right. blue power ranger: the sword is part of the statue. we should be clearing visible once we get close. white power ranger: whoa. get a lot a that thing. pink power ranger: hey, i thought the world supposed to be desert it. white power ranger: oh, man. it's lord zedd. he must coming for the sword. red power ranger: get out of here. i'm trying to distract them. white power ranger: are you sure. red power ranger: don't worry about me. i'll call my zord and we meet at the statue. white power ranger: right. be careful.come on, guys. let's go. red power ranger: good luck, my friends you gonna need it. alpha: that was close. welcome again. aisha: alpha, zordon, what's going on. zordon: that is why you were brought here. the rangers have gone in urgent mission. we need your help. adam: of course. we'll help. if we can. aisha: gotta find out what's making the cloud. zordon: alpha, will teleport you to the cordinates. red power ranger: i call the red dragon thunderzord, power. red power ranger: tor, i need help. white power ranger: zedd and seperntara have blast the whole center of town to bits. blue power ranger: i think the building with the statue is right about here. i think. white power ranger: that sword can be anywhere. pink power ranger: yeah, zedd didn't destroy it. white power ranger: let's keep looking. pink power ranger: right. white power ranger: come on. over here. let's go. whoa. what is this. it's awesome. man. guys, over here. blue power ranger: look up there. pink power ranger: hey, that's it. blue power ranger: tommy found it. good job. pink power ranger: that's it alright. white power ranger: it's gotta be. pink power ranger: well, get a sword and let's get out of here. white power ranger: right.  blue power ranger: jason. red power ranger: guys. that thing's way too powerful. we have to get out of here. white power ranger: guys, get it. blue power ranger: right. fire. white power ranger: okay, come on, guys. yellow power ranger: right. pink power ranger: okay. guys, this is we're serious trouble. white power rnager: we got to get that sword. come on everybody pull. all:  lord zedd: what. where are they. goldar: oh, their, they were over there. lord zedd: huh. you'll lose your brains. if you weren't a sitting on them. destroy the whole planet. goldar: but, that would use all our power. we'll have to recharged. )