rocky: okay, guys, let's finish this up. rocky: score. pink power ranger: we've got a hurry. blue power ranger: the sword won't bunge. we've gotta get it out. come on keep pulling.  harder. white power ranger: this isn't working. it's gotta be another way. where's the map, billy. pink power ranger: oh. blue power ranger: i've got it right here. hey, look the ring. it looks like it fits on the statue's finger. i'll bet that will release the sword. red power ranger: hurry, billy. white power ranger: hey, it's cut lose. ha, billy alright. you're a genius. lord zedd: goldar, what are we waiting for. goldar: i'm trying to get it closer to the planet. lord zedd: aren't we close in enough. i don't want to waste time. the rangers are at my mercy.  and i want to finish them off. so instead of trying to move us from the blaches to the boxes, let's just destroy the planet. it's been nice fighting with you, power rangers.  goldar:  lord zedd: victory is sweet. i have triumph the entire universe belongs to me. red power ranger: alpha, teleport us now. lord zedd: i knew this day finally arrived. ta, ta, power rangers. sorry for struggle for nothing. now, the earth is mine. all mine for i am invincible.  alpha: i having trouble bringing them back. i hope i teleport them in time. pink power ranger: whoa. that was close. zack and trini, are you okay. black power ranger: yeah. we're fine. pink power ranger: billy, where's tommy. zordon: welcome back, power rangers. i'm glad you're return to safety. white power ranger: i bought the sword. zordon: that is good. we need to prepare. zordon: trini, zack and jason. in your hearts you will always carry the spirit of the power rangers. but your destinies by else where. you have been chosen to help the world in a different way now. retrieving the sword of light was your last quest. it was important that you be successful and because you were the power rangers will endured. the sword of light will allow your powers to be transferred to three new rangers. billy: but, who. zordon: behold. i present to you the new power rangers. tommy: rocky, adam. aisha: isn't this incredible. zordon: tommy, hold the sword of light above your head. we will now start the ceremony to transfer power from jason, zack and trini to rocky, adam and aisha. raise the sword. white power ranger: whoa, yeah.  yellow power ranger: whoa. whoa. black power ranger: ha, ha. hey. zordon: departing rangers, you have serve with courage. i thank you. i know that in your new life. you will serve with dignity, humanity and strength. go now and make the power place. the power will always be with you and will protect you. white power ranger: hey, jason, zack and trini, power up. red power ranger, black power ranger and yellow power ranger: power up. blue power ranger: bye, guys. hope we gonna seen them again soon. i'm already miss them. pink power ranger: it is like a whole new beginning. zordon: new members of the power rangers, always remember you are now part of the team. watch out for others as you watch for yourselves. black power ranger: thank you, zordon, i won't let you down. tommy: alright, one, two, three. zordon: rangers, you posses power so that you may protet the earth. use them to defend, never to attack. to ensure justice, never for vengeance. to preserve righteousness, never for selfish glory. remember this, and they will protect you forever. alpha: i'm so excited. brand new rangers. welcome aboard, rocky, adam and aisha. white power ranger: it's time you're exterminated. all: right. red power ranger: yeah. white power ranger: let's do it. white power ranger: zordon, we may need our help. zordon: only carry your zord, tor. white power ranger: yes. that's right. tor will protect us. zordon: hurry. serpentara is descending to earth. white power ranger: right. red power ranger: i'll take care of overgrown friend. you got get serpentara. pink power ranger: alright, you can do it, rocky. red power ranger: thanks. i won't let you down. white power ranger: come on. let's get it done. red power ranger: i need thunder zord, power now. white power ranger: whoa. get a load of that. blue power ranger: look. it's about to land. pink power ranger: whoa. white power ranger: no. rocky's in trouble. i got to help him. black power ranger: alright. we'll stay here clobber serpentara. white power ranger: okay, everyone. yellow power ranger: yeah. pink power ranger: yes. blue power ranger: sure. white power ranger: alright, silverhorn, you're through. white power ranger: that's it. i call the power of tor. alright, it's over, tin face. rangers, let's bring him all together and show this guy what thunder powers all about now. lord zedd: now, get us out of here. alpha 5: it's so sad. that their leaving. kimberly: bye, you guys. billy: hey, alpha, it is sad to see them go. but on the other hand is really excited that we have three new power rangers joining us. kimberly: hope we don't forget to write. aisha: we save the world from zedd. wow. billy: yeah, but we kinda done without you guys. kimberly: yeah, you guys are awesome all of you. )