zordon: alpha, check the quantum morphing pods of the power ray. we can't lave anything to chance. billy: this is incredible. alpha 5: right, zordon. quantum pods are online. we're nearly finished. billy: a new ranger. zordon: it is time to start powering up the more control circuits. go slowly, alpha. we can't to overload. billy: i gotta get back to the others. lord zedd: but their be back. goldar: what do we do in the mean time, master. billy: well, i reexamining the disk. the information of the game from it. allow me to access the door of light. kimberly: billy, no offense. can you just cut to the chase. trini: yeah. what exactly do you find in the command center. billy: zordon and alpha are in the hidden chamber making a new ranger. jason: what. zack: are you sure. kimberly: who is it. do you know. trini: where is exactly are they. kimberly: could you be wrong. billy: listen, i'm sure. that's all i know. jason: that would explain why the command center was basically shut down. billy: exactly. all the energys being concentrated to creation of this new ranger. zack: man. whoever needs some help. we could sure use some now. kimberly: how come tommy couldn't gotten these powers. i mean, he's already one of us. zack: kim's right. man, who's this new guy. we're a team. trini: yeah. we all been friends so long. jason: guys, we gotta get a big grip. i'm sure zordon's got a good reason for this. billy: jason's right. lord zedd's monsters are far superior to rita's. we need a new ranger. zordon: alpha, are you ready to proceed to the final level. alpha 5: yes, zordon. ready than you are. bulk: i don't get it, skull. spike: why don't we pay ernie a visit. i got an idea that just work. alpha 5: there the master control panel is back online in full power restored. zordon: good work, alpha. alpha 5: everything's ready, zordon. and it's time to summon the rangers. this is so exciting. kimberly: this is it. zack: zordon and alpha must be finished. jason: zordon. zordon: rangers, please teleport to the command center. immediately. jason: right our way. billy: remember, zordon and alpha know what their are doing. trini: that's right. kimberly: alright. let's get this over with. zordon: welcome, power rangers. this promises to be a momentous occasion. you are about to meet the newest member of your team. as you're aware, the green ranger's power was completely decimated by his last few battles. alpha and i felt it was time to create an even more powerful ranger to combat lord zedd and his diabolical evil. to that end, a candidate was selected and a new power ranger was created. and now, my friends, i present to you the white ranger. welcome, white ranger. the time has come to reveal your identity. tommy: guess who's back. billy: i don't believe it. zordon:  zack: what's up, man. oh, you look good. tommy: thanks, man. zack: we didn't know who it was gonna be. billy: we were all hoping it would be you, especially kimberly. tommy: speaking of kimberly. hey, beautiful, it's time to wake up. kimberly: i don't believe it. i must be dreaming. is it really you. tommy:  in the flesh. zack: man, awesome. simply awesome. kimberly: it's fantastic. zordon: so, power rangers, may i assume that you are pleased with the new leader of the power team. jason: this is great. zordon: i'm sorry for being secretive. we had to guard against lord zedd's interference. kimberly: but, zordon, how. i mean, i thought tommy lost his powers for good. alpha 5: not tommy's. the green ranger's powers were gone for good. zordon: that is correct. however, tommy has proven himself to be worthy and true. his courage, strength, and honor allowed us to choose him to be the new white ranger. this time, his powers have been created by the light of goodness and can never be taken away by the forces of evil. alpha 5: the new ranger will control the white tigerzord, a zord of strenth and fierceness. he will carry an enchanted white saber known as saba. saba will assist the white ranger in battle, as well as control the new zord. zordon: extend your hand, white ranger, and accept all that has been granted to you. congratulations, tommy. you are now the leader of the power rangers. tommy: oh, man, it's good to be back. kimberly: yeah. we have to stop the nimrod and the goons too. billy: yeah. and repair the zords. zordon: billy and trini, you must teleport to the damaged zords and begin repairs. alpha will provide you with all the information you need. billy: right. zordon: jason, kimberly and zack you must go to bulk and skull's location and secure rita's dumpster. she cannot be allowed to escape. jason: we're on it. zordon: tommy, it's up to you to do battle with the nimrod monster until the others are able to join you. go now, and may the power protect you. pink power ranger: great, lord zedd must be looking for rita too. white power ranger: tiger zord, power up. white power ranger: hey, i though you'd know what'd you doing. saba: i do. white power ranger: yeah, you shouldn't come fool me. white power ranger: alright. there he is. alright, saba. let's start all over. white power ranger: saba, i've never had a partner before. we're get it together. alright, let's do it. yeah, it works, alright woo hoo, yeah. hey, i thought you knew what you were doing. saba: i di. white power ranger: i'm going inside. ah. much better. white power ranger: whoa. cool move. but, guess what. it's not good enough. alright, he is. white power ranger: contact, jason. zordon: i'll reconfigure the other zords. to join with the tiger zord to become the mega tiger zord. white power ranger: jason, where are you. i need ya. red power ranger: let's join the power of thunder. white power ranger: i need white tiger thunder power, now. white power ranger: it's time to turn the heat a little. disengaged. white power ranger: mega tigerzord, transformation now. pink power ranger: yoohoo, rita. rita: oh, no. not you again. white power ranger: afraid so, rita. white power ranger: yeah, good job, guys. pink power ranger: right. tommy: time to send rita back in to space. i wish she cause any more trouble. billy: alright, zordon. we're ready. zordon: alpha, activate the energy beam. )