goldar: citizens, your masters want to welcome you to your new town of zedd and ritaville. kimberly: come on, guys, let's get out of here before, goldar spots us. william: that's goldar. goldar: you. kimberly: run. rocko: but, kim, we can't just leave you here. kimberly: it's okay. just go. please. william: but, miss kim, are you sure you don't want us to kimberly: just run now. please. go. oh. okay, goldar, what do you want. goldar: what i want is always want the destruction of you and the other power rangers and i will succeeded. kimberly: you don't stand a chance, goldar. goldar: it's that so. don't catch your chickens. kimberly: hope this works. here goes. pink power ranger: it's time for an showdown. pink power ranger: come on. let's get over it. goldar: it's your move, little darling. monster: enough talk. let's go. goldar: you're finished. putties, go. pink power ranger: it's you who's finished. bulk's ancestor: duck. will you help me out there. skully, what in tarnation did you do that for. skull's ancestor: well, now. you'll about to see this. goldar: we visit from enough to enough. attack. giving up. pink power ranger: no. cause i have a plan to get rid of you. goldar: really. please show with us. pink power ranger: yeah, right. zordon, please be there. skull's ancestor: who was that pink stranger. bulk's ancestor: i don't know. but if we find out. we can make us famous. both: aah. alpha 5's ancestor: zordon, intruder alert. intruder alert. pink power ranger: zordon, it's me, kimberly. alpha 5's ancestor: a power ranger. kimberly: zordon, i'm from the future. he made me ran. so, i can help fight lord zedd and rita. alpha 5's ancestor: rita and zedd. where. kimberly: you should check out them in angel grove. it's being run out in putties, goldar and huge cactus monster. alpha 5's ancestor: she's right, zordon. what are we going to do. kimberly: zordon, i know rita had the green power coin first. but, what about the other five coins. alpha 5's ancestor: we've had them here. red, black, blue, yellow and pink. zordon's ancestor: you've already had the energy from your pink coin. too much pink energy is dangerous. kimberly: yeah, but there's still four other coins and there exactly how they use them. william: colonel kim, we've thought you were buzzer bait. miss alicia: you alright. kimberly: i'm fine, guys. abraham: are those really monsters from the future. kimberly: unfortunately, yes. rocko: well, how are we gonna get rid of them. kimberly: i was hoping you asked that. tommy: there must be somewhere what's going on the past. billy: zordon, it's there anything you could think of that would help us. billy: alpha, let me help you with the adjustments. alpha 5: thanks, billy. i'll need it. william: i don't know, miss kim. we ain't heroes. kimberly: now, i first got my power coin. i thought that too. you guys you gotta believe in yourself. abraham, miss alicia, william, rocko, you're the only ones that can understand between lord zedd and the destruction of this earth. rocko: well, i'm in. william: me, too. miss alicia: alright. kimberly: i know i can count on you, guys. billy: alright, here goes. rocky: hey, what are bulk and skull are doing in the past. zordon: their are not bulk and skull. their are their ancestors. rocky: well, look at that. tommy: see if you can find kimberly. billy: alright. tommy: yeah. she's alright. aisha: thank goodness. billy: hey. there's people she's with. they look like us. zordon: those teenagers are your greatgreatgreat grandparents. but, first order turn things to the power coins. billy: how prodigious. kimberly: okay, now just keep your eyes open and stay in here. rocko: well. looks like nobody's left town. kimberly: don't count on it. their out here somewhere. tommy: billy, can we get close to these streets. billy: sure. let's try. alpha 5: it's an ambush. tommy: oh, man. there's nothing we can to do to stop it. william: well, i think they really done this time, kimmy. kimberly: well, i'm not ever gives up that easily. miss alicia: what was that. kimberly: putties. kimberly: alright, guys, get behind me. goldar: well, miss kimmy, your pathetic power masters couldn't fight to care much zedd's putties. miss alicia: look it's the white stranger. abraham: just in time. white stranger: nice seeing you again, ma'am. glad you're not hurt. you like could use some help. kimberly: thanks. white stranger: if you need anything just halla. i'll be here. billy: tommy, i think i'll figure out a way to bring back kimberly back to the present. but, um, we're gonna need three communicators. goldar: i can't believe you clumsy cowfolks are still here. it's time you all got out of time. kimberly: why don't you write, goldar. okay, guys, it's time. william: time. goldar: time. time for what. kimberly: it's morphin time. pink power ranger: okay, brand new power rangers, ready to battle the enemies of the future. blue wild west ranger: look at these fancy clothes. pink power ranger: okay, everybody, there's uh, a vermit. monster: vermit. i'm a plant. don't you guys know everything. pink power ranger: yeah, we know something else. we get through with you. red wild west ranger: come on, come on, toro. toro. ha, ha. i knew those lesson sabas wouldn't pay off. yellow wild west ranger: whoa. excuse me. blue wild west ranger: i've only face pose face to coast. i will defend myself. black wild west ranger: those swines are messing with my boots. huh. uh, oh. i think i'll take a load of. monster: very cool. white stranger: i can't move. pink power ranger: come on. come on get up. over here. goldar: angel grove's past will be destroyed. and your friends in the future will vanish forever. when i count to three. draw. one, two, three. draw. pink power ranger: you're okay. white stranger: sure enough. pink power ranger: good. red wild west ranger: looks like those monsters hide tail to clean out of tail. pink power ranger: yes. william: that was amazing. white stranger: sure was. squatt: goldar know something. lord zedd: goldar, you fool. it's brilliant. billy: but, i'm not finish with the communicators. tommy: rocky and i will go. i'll see you soon as you can. it's morphin' time. tigerzord. rocky: tyrannosarus. white power ranger: white tigerzord convert to warrior mode now. zordon: the red ranger and the white ranger are in trouble. you must join them now. billy: this is gonna have to wait. it's morphin' time. billy: triceratops. aisha: sabertoothed tiger. rita: aw, my perfect plan. lord zedd: why all the noise. what's the matter, rita. goldar: she's mad. because the rangers blew up the cactus. lord zedd: they what. tommy: we may have safe the world, but we lost kimberly. aisha: but, we've gotta get her back. billy: alright, everyone stand clear the energy waves. kimberly: i knew you guys rescue me. abraham: william, i think being a power ranger was the most same thing we ever did. miss alicia: think we'll do that again. rocko: i don't know, but i'm ready. abraham: what do you think it's the most side of the part. those clayheads. william: you know somewhere in the future. colonel kim is fighting out there to make sure the earth is safe for our greatgreatgreat grandchildren. white strange: yep. she's something alright. william: here's to the pink ranger. where ever she is. )