billy: there, kim. we'll all miss him. billy: i wish i knew to help. bulk: check this out. bulk: she can help us to find out who the power rangers are. lord zedd: the time has come, goldar. goldar: i will train her now, my lord. lord zedd: victory will be ours. the final defeat of the power rangers. kimberly: what a weird looking place. oh, great. kimberly: i don't think so. goldar: the magic dust should do the trick. check it out. lord zedd: excellent. lord zedd: perfect. zack: ritche and curtis are supposed to meet us here. billy: where do you think it can be. zack: i read you, zordon. zordon: we have emergency. teleport to the command center immediately. alpha will contact trini. zordon: rangers. goldar has kidnapped kimberly. apparently, he is placed under her spell. behold the viewing globe. billy: zordon, do we know where the cave is. zordon: no, billy, i'm afraid we don't. goldar: it is done, my lord. lord zedd: excellent work, goldar. you'll have serve me well. curtis: who are these guys. ritche: curtis, watch out. ritche: come on. curtis: right behind you, man. trini: we've gotta get kim out of there. zack: oh, man, it's my cousin, curtis and ritche. ritche: what do we do. zack: their in big trouble. trini: i can't believe this. first kim, now our friends. what are we going to do. zack: we'll have to split up. billy, you and trini morphing go after kimberly. i'll deal with the putties. billy: but, what about jason. zack: you guys morphed now. i'll catch up to you later. billy: affirmative. blue power ranger: there's the cave. i guess we'll have to deal with these guys first. yellow power ranger: let's get some putties. blue power ranger: let's go find kimberly. yellow power ranger: she must be in there. blue power ranger: right. let's go. zack: man, i'm just glad you're okay. curtis: man, who are those playdudes. ritche: their putties. curtis: man, angel grove show us no paradise. ritche: you can say that again. goldar: wake up. kimberly: oh, where am i. goldar: you are in the cave of fantasy. you have been selected by lord zedd to become our new queen. all remnants of your former life as a power ranger have been removed for safekeeping. are you ready for your training. goldar: well. kimberly: that gold goon thinks his spell worked. i'll show him. goldar: maybe this was a bad idea. for once my spell worked to well. blue power ranger: kimberly. kimberly: oh, i thought you guys would never come. goldar: doh, where did you come from. yellow power ranger: we thought you were under a spell. kimberly: the spell didn't work, hurry up, get my morpher and my communicator. goldar: you'll have to deal with me first. blue power ranger: no problem. squat: yeah, go get him, goldar. why are your back so quick. kimberly: you lose, goldar, come on, let's get out of here. goldar: i don't believe this. lord zedd: goldar, you fool. alright, let's see how they do against my mirror maniac monster. zordon: contact the rangers immediately. yellow power ranger: i can't believe you fooled goldar. blue power ranger: alpha, come in, we read you. alpha 5: rangers, we have a new emergency. zedd's mirror maniac monster is in angel grove central park. blue power ranger: have you been able to contact jason yet. alpha 5: yes, he and zack are on their way to the park. meet them there as soon as you can. red power ranger: let's do it. pink power ranger: jason, it's good to see ya. red power ranger: alright. all:  mirror maniac: putties, attack. mirror maniac: you brainless fools, you're letting them get the best of you. how could you let her get away like that. uh, oh. time to go. lord zedd: i've had enough of this. it is time for you to grow. mirror maniac: it's show time. red power ranger: oh, man. pink power ranger: time we stop messing with this guy. all: right. let's do it. all: let's rock and roll. mirror maniac: oh, you've brought your toys to play with. hmm. let's dance. what. impossible. time to put a finish to you. lord zedd: it is unbelievable, goldar. )