tommy: how is she, billy. billy: she's in a deep sleep. by losing her power coins cause her body to get very weak. i'm afraid with her power coin missing. there's never gonna be another pink ranger. alpha 5: this can't be happening. tommy: there's gotta be something we could do, zordon. we can't lose kimberly. i can't lose her. zordon: alpha, i want you to began searching the computer for the alternative energy source. we may find something that can match the power coin. alpha 5: right away, zordon. adam: we'll also need to get our zords up and running. rocky: but how are we gonna do that with zedd control the falcon zord. billy: and long long til it figures a way to use a ninja's powers to charge to the new zords. tommy: we can't not let zedd win this fight. kimberly's counting on us. rito: hey, what do you mean. adam: kimberly's gonna be okay. rocky: yeah, zordon's looking for a way to help her right now. kat: hi, guys. rocky: hey, kat. kat: has anyone seen kimberly. i was suppose to meet her for lunch. kat: unless you're free, tommy. kat: hope kimberly shows up. zordon: you must stay calm, alpha. kimberly's life depends on it. have you found the substitute for her power source yet. alpha 5: not yet, zordon. zordon: alert the rangers, alpha. tommy: we're on our way. red power ranger: okay, smiley, that's it. we're sending you packing. white power ranger: yeah. black power ranger: yeah. red power ranger: you got it. white power ranger: guys, are you okay. you rest here. i'll take care of him. white power ranger: no, you sour tooth slug. we won't be through until we extracted you from this planet. kimberly: what's going on. alpha 5: kimberly, you're awake. zordon: the other rangers are battling zedd's monster in the park. kimberly: i have to help her, zordon. zordon: until we find alternative power source for you. kimberly: that's it. she's my friend. i have to help her. zordon: katherine can't wait. zordon: have a safe journey and may return on harm. kimberly: thanks, zordon. alpha, please teleport me there. alpha 5: of course, kimberly. kimberly: hey, you feather dusts. let her go or prepare to be killed. just try me. goldar: good work, tengas. kat: tommy will miss you. white power ranger: we're not finished yet, fang face. red power ranger: hey, he bolts when ever has the upper hand. what gives. white power ranger: i don't know. yellow power ranger: you know i think we going back to the command center now. black power ranger: i agree. white power ranger: yeah. let's do it. all: power up. bulk: just you wait. you'll see. tommy: it was a trick. zordon: i'm afraid so, tommy. aisha: what does he want with her now. tommy: oh, man. this is unbelievable. alpha 5: what's this, rangers. billy: what is it, alpha. alpha 5: lord zedd has power fusion to the shogun zords. billy: without ours now. we're sitting ducks. stone: we've been here piratically a whole day. skull: hey. hello, kitty, kitty. kat: hi, skull. skull: hey. bulk: hey, stone, i'm telling ya. strange things happens at the park and we'll always right in the moment of it. you'll see. tommy: have you been able good fix on kimberly, billy. billy: we're still trying, tommy. lord zedd: please. allow me to save you the trouble, rangers. aisha: oh, my gosh. adam: how'd he get in there. billy: i haven't got a clue. lord zedd: your precious pink ranger is here with me. i'm having a wonderful time, draining all the power out of her body. it's quite a spectator sport. by the end of today, she will no longer be in the pink. in fact, she'll be history. see, she's already sleeping in quite comfortably, which is nice work, if you can get it. zordon: i demand that you release the pink ranger. lord zedd: silence. the only one making demands at this point is me. tommy: what do you want. lord zedd: teleport me to the command center, and i will tell you in person. alpha 5: the command center is no place for the evil likes of you. lord zedd: do it now, or risk harm to your precious kimberly. tommy: zordon, we don't have a choice. we have to. for kimberly. zordon: i agree with your decision, tommy. alpha, you may proceed. lord zedd:  greetings, my friends. isn't anyone going to ask me how my trip was. zordon: get on with it, zedd. while you sit there, kimberly's life is ebbing away. lord zedd: hmm. not a bad place. a little tacky. when i take over, i'll have my darling wife redecorate it.  oh, alpha. you can come out of hiding. alpha 5: i don't like you, zedd. tommy: get on with it, zedd. what do you want. lord zedd: alright, power rangers. this is your delimma. you agree to pilot my new fleet of zords and do all my evil biding, or you can't refuse my offer, in which case we can all sit around and have a jolly time watching the pink ranger waste away. zordon: i will never let you get away with this. lord zedd: save your breath, zordon. i'm giving them commands around here. now, i'll give you a moment to make your decision. adam: tommy, what do we do. billy: we can't let anything happen to kimberly. she's one of us. )