alpha 5: zordon, we've got to restore the rangers' energy. zordon: i am going to attempt to recharge them using a high energy surge from the morphing grid. kat: it's that safe. tommy: we've got to do something. go ahead, zordon. rocky: hey, it's working. aisha: how come i still dizzy. billy: because we're still recovering from the energy drain. it's gotta take some time before powers fully restored. tommy: times we don't have. look. rito: no faster. come on, come on. master vile: it's this thing working. hello. testing one, two, three. tommy: master vile is gotta destroy earth. zordon, we've gotta do something now. zordon: it may take several hours to recharge the metallic armor. tommy: oh, man. let's see we've could find by a time. billy: well, we think adam and aisha's help. i can modelifed the tracking system and locate the zords. tommy: alright, good. hey, katherine and rocky. we'll check out the situation at the east center. zordon: be careful, rangers. may the power protect you. adam: good luck. tommy: thanks. ready. rocky: hey, guys. bulk: hey, you guys. what happened to you. kat: you could say that. bulk: have you seen the power rangers, anywhere. skull: yeah, yeah. have ya. bulk: man, look around ya, guys. bulk: face it, skull. something terrible what's happening with the rangers. tommy: this is tommy. billy:  tommy, we've located the zords. tommy: billy, what's wrong. billy:  everyone's need to report back right away. billy: the zords and the zeo crystal are in the defeated planet, master vile's home galaxy, m51. adam: it's like the zords been turn into stone. billy: actually, no. it's rust. you see the planet's atmosphere extremely corrosive to metal. we aren't gonna able to use our shield in there. tommy: zordon, how could master vile uses the zeo crystal. when's he not on earth. zordon: master vile moved it to the ninja megazord and it's establish energy link. he can activated from anywhere. tommy: we've gotta destroy it. rocky: yeah, but, how are we get there. billy: well, we do have enough energy for longer quick teleportation. kat: man, we're going to another galaxy. aisha: don't worry it will be a snap. zordon: you must use your power coins to activate the crystal. however, if you drain your powers too much. you will not have enough energy to return home. kat: you're were saying. zordon: good luck, rangers. alpha 5: we'll be waiting for you. tommy: alright, let's do it. red power ranger: look up there. white power ranger: pretty strange. red power ranger: come on. let's check it out. white power ranger: yeah. pink power ranger: okay. white power ranger: alright. oh, man. how are we get inside. blue power ranger: hey, i've got it. blue power ranger: okay. everybody stay back. just a few blast in the proper location. white power ranger: okay. let's do it. blue power ranger: okay, guys. let's do this together. black power ranger: yeah. pink power ranger: okay. blue power ranger: i think that should do it. there should be a ladder inside. red power ranger: i'll look. white power ranger: alright, man. we're right behind you. blue power ranger: yeah. red power ranger: there's the ladder. let's climb. yellow power ranger: okay. white power ranger: yeah. yellow power ranger: what's happening. white power ranger: hang on, guys. blue power ranger: master vile must be using the zeo crystal. we've gotta hurry, come on. pink power ranger: do we think we too late. white power ranger: no. keep climbing. red power ranger: there it is. the zeo crystal. white power ranger: alright, guys. let's get to work. red power ranger: yeah. whoa. yellow power ranger: look at this place. white power ranger: wow. it's the megazord engine room. black power ranger: how are we gonna destroy the crystal. white power ranger: alright. first, first but to break master vile connection to the crystal. over here. white power ranger: alright, everyone. we's go. blue power ranger: yeah. let's do it. white power ranger: come on, everyone. concentrate. did it work. look, you guys. master vile linked to the crystal. it's been brooking. ha, ha. yes. we did it. red power ranger: yeah. black power ranger: hoohoo. red power ranger: yeah. blue power ranger: alright. the zords are our control and we've had full power. zordon: you done it excellent job, rangers. blue power ranger: yes. way to go, guys. white power ranger: okay, guys. what do we say we check in on this master vile. blue globber: i'm on it. ninjor: the rangers will stop you, vile. ninjor: the zords are back. ninjor: no. it can't be. red power ranger: we have to fight. yellow power ranger: yeah. white power ranger: he may still lead to ninjor. black power ranger: yeah. white power ranger: but, we have no choice. master vile: come on, come on. what's taking so long. you must get them, globber. come on, use your weapons. blue globber: oh, yeah. white power ranger: bet that monster using our auto powers against us. oh, man. i wish we need some help. alpha 5: my reading show that the globber is feeding on the darkness. daylight could infuse some of his energy. zordon: alpha, you must stop master vile's eclipse. alpha 5: zordon, i believe i discovered the situation. rangers, i'm reversing master vile's spell of darkness. the monster's power should weaking the sunlight. ninjor: my strength returning. ninjor: okay, master vile. let's retalk business. ninjor: let's see how you deal with something with your own size, vile. i'm here, rangers. white power ranger: look, guys. ninjor's back and he's ready for action. red power ranger: alright. ninjor, you could it come better time. master vile: step aside, globber. let me show you how is done. white power ranger: i'll show you how is done, master vile. blue power ranger: you're through, globber. red power ranger: yeah, the tables are turn now. ninjor: my turn. white power ranger: alright, guys. i'm heading back to the falconzord. all: right. red power ranger: let's keep moving. ninjor: congratulations, rangers. we are victorious. master vile: whatever. i got more important matters to think about right now. master vile: big deal. master vile: master vile is here to stay. blue power ranger: we're gonna need protection. the crystal can throw out of extra energy. when we destroy it. white power ranger: this calls for the metallic armor. all: metallic armor, power up. white power ranger metallic armor: zordon's right. master vile won't rest until he has the crystal. we've gotta destroy this and never falls into evil hands. pink power ranger metallic armor: billy, is there anywhere could be destroyed. blue power ranger metallic armor: hmm. i think we should break into pieces and scatter them and we can't allow chance for master vile to assemble the crystal ever again. white power ranger metallic armor: yeah, he's right. here goes. alright. the zeo crystals broken apart. everybody take a piece. zordon's creating temporary hole time and space for us. black power ranger metallic armor: and let's get rid of these pieces. yellow power ranger metallic armor: yeah, but we're only have ten seconds. but the sub crystals threw the time hole. )