lord zedd: well, it appears the black ranger has a memory. aisha: yeah, looking good, shawn. shawn: if you say so. aisha: what are you doing, guys. skull: yeah, we gotta be well train. so we can keep up with the power rangers. that way we could find out what they really are. aisha: we're meeting kimberly and the guys at the basket ball court. wanna join us. adam: maybe later. lord zedd: i have a perfect tool to shatter the black ranger's confidence. goldar: of course. what is the mirror of regret. alpha 5: i can't wait to finish the power cannon, zordon. the rangers will be so surprise. zordon: indeed they will, alpha. lord zedd: it is time, goldar. take the putties. do not failed me. goldar: yes, yes, i understand. lord zedd: then, go. what are you waiting for. go, go, go. goldar: stay right there, black ranger. adam: no chance, goldar, you can't defeat me and you know it. goldar: tiktok. but i have a surprise for you. attack my putties. teach that human a lesson. goldar:  prepare to meet your doom, black ranger. black ranger meet the mirror of regret. adam: what are you up to. goldar: behold the truth. remember this day. goldar: we shall see. it is the beginning. adam: no. you can't do tat. goldar: you see. it's happening already. lord zedd: yes, that's it. zordon: what is the status of the new power cannon weapon, alpha. alpha 5: i've just about completed, zordon. i can't wait to give it to the rangers. zordon: it will be about a valuable edition to their arsenal. alpha 5: zordon, another of zedd's monster has just appeared in angel grove. alpha 5: this is a disaster. what can we do, zordon. tommy: what's going on, zordon. billy: yeah, where's adam. zordon: zedd is using a spell. adam: no. this can't be happening. kimberly: oh my gosh. we gotta get him back. zordon: i'm afraid you're not able to help him, rangers. aisha: check it out. tommy: guys, it's morphin' time. white power ranger: alright, keep it together, rangers. let's get him. monster: you guys are pathetic. yellow power ranger: alright. we nailed them. pink power ranger: that's the way to do it. blue power ranger: back off, play brains. blue power ranger: so much for that bunch of putties. now, it's your turn, monster. white pwoer ranger: you'll be sorry for took on the power rangers. monster: that's what you think. zordon: the rangers need some help. alpha, it is time for their new powerful weapon. send them the power cannon. alpha 5: of course. sending now. goldar: what's this. how did that scene get in there. adam: you've had it, goldar. goldar: what's that. adam: i'm not holding high, goldar. because, i'm back. goldar: very well, black ranger. it appears you may have won the battle this time. adam: here, zordon. zordon: well done, indeed, black ranger. however, you must hurry. your friends are in trouble and the other at the park. you will need extra power to defeat this monster. adam: i'll be ready, zordon. black power ranger: the jokes over, bird brain. monster: the joke's on you, rangers. white power ranger: good to see you, adam. black power ranger: sorry, i'm late, tommy. but, i'm ready for action. white power ranger: i knew you can make it, buddy. we could use you too. the monster is tough. monster: you better believe it. white power ranger: power rangers, prepare to receive power cannon, brace. lock and load. pink power ranger: pink charge. yellow power ranger: yellow charge. white power ranger: white charge. red power ranger: red charge. white power ranger: prepare to fire. blue power ranger: what a cool device.  pink power ranger: couldn't have come at a better time. black power ranger: alright, guys, time to show this joker who gets the last laugh. fire. black power ranger: alright, now that's my idea of a joker serious punchline. yellow power ranger: yeah. lord zedd: goldar, get in here. lord zedd: what happened down there. goldar: lord zedd, let me explain. )