zack: guys, i'm worrying about jason. kimberly: i know. billy: i agree. but, where is tommy. zack: well, let's go. we'll take my car. billy: okay, i'll call trini and tell her to pick her up. bulk: lucky, my aunt borrow his cab. bulk: stop it. we need that film. come on. billy: guys, i think we're lost. goldar: you don't stand a chance. lord zedd: well, done, goldar. bulk: hey, where the rangers go. come on. pink power ranger: let us out of here, goldar, you're not going to get away with this. goldar: but i already have. pink power ranger: guys, we've got to get out of here. goldar: never, your ranger days are over. blue power ranger: no way. the silver of green wax all that remains of your green friend's power. funny that his final act is to light the flame that will strip you of your powers.  and just like the green ranger, your time as power rangers will burn to nothing. blue power ranger: if goldar isn't stopped, we'll lose our powers just like tommy. pink power ranger: don't lose you guys, jason's still out there, remember. jason: what do you mean they've disappeared, zordon. where's goldar taken them. zordon: most likely to one of lord zedd's hidden dimensions. alpha is in the process of conducting a sector scan now. alpha 5: all locations occupied by the power rangers during the last 24 hours will appear on the viewing globe. zordon: jason, the other rangers wanted you to win the golden pipe karate trophy, but they knew you were worried about tommy. the rangers went to find him. jason: that trophy means without nothing my friends here to share it. alpha, you have to locate them. alpha 5: i'm trying, jason, i'm trying, ai, yay, yay, yay, yay. jason: but, zordon, i'll need my friends. alpha 5: jason, i finally found them. jason: where are they, alpha. zordon: as i feared, the other rangers are being held prisoner in lord zedd's dimension of doom. goldar is about to take advantage of the one weakness of power team. goldar:  as soon as the candles melt, your powers will be gone forever. all:   zordon: jason, you must control your anger. this is exactly the reaction of lord zedd wants. you must not allow him to gain the upper hand. red ranger, come stand before me. jason, a true leader is always face with tough decisions. he must control of his emotions and act based on who has the greatest need. alpha 5: jason, you made the right decision when you left tommy's candle. zordon: the other rangers needed you then, as they need you now. you must face another tough decision. if you enter zedd's dimension, your powers could also be lost. jason: it's a risk i'm willing to take to save my friends, zordon. zordon: you have made a fine leader, red ranger. good luck, jason, and may the power protect you. jason: it's morphin time. tyrannosaurus. lord zedd: tink you tough do you. well, try this on for size. red power ranger: tyrannosarus. red dragon thunderzord power. goldar:  in a few moments the power rangers will be history and the world will belong to lord zedd. pink power ranger: jason, where are you. goldar: the red ranger can't save you this time. red power ranger: think again, goldar. goldar: you're here. now i'll finish you, you'll wish you never came here. red power ranger:  pink power ranger: jason, the candles, hurry. goldar: you may once again have won the battle, red ranger, but you never win the war. red power ranger: oh, man. pink power ranger: jason, hurry. blue power ranger: jason, hurry. red power ranger: hang on, guys. quick, give me your power coins. pink power ranger: here, take it, just please be quick. red power ranger: alright. hang on, guys, i've got an idea. blue power ranger: i can't hold on. red power ranger: power up. all: right. blue power ranger: come on, let's get out of here. red power ranger: here, take your power coins. blue power ranger: thanks. goldar: not so fast, red ranger. did you really think you'd get away so easily. red power ranger:  kimberly: where's jason. what if he didn't make it. jason: hi, guys. billy: looks like he's writing a letter. tommy: dear jason, i know this is a little late. but, i'm writing to you let you guys know that i'm okay. i've miss you guys a lot. )