kimberly: tommy. billy: tommy. kimberly: tommy, where are you. billy: hey, guys, come here. kimberly: tommy. tommy. adam: come on, tommy. kimberly: tommy. tommy: oh, man. kimberly: there you are. tommy: what took you guys so long. aisha: it's this the temple. tommy: i think so. but is all locked up. adam: um, not anymore. billy: wow. kimberly: now, what. ninjor: who's out there. i want answers. adam: we're looking for ninjor. keeper of the temple. ninjor: maybe i do know him. ninjor: now, what do you want. make it quick. you'll have five seconds. tommy: our leader, zordon sent us any quest for new powers and zords. lord zedd destroy our old ones. ninjor: time's up. that's a lovely story. rocky: wait. we're the power rangers. ninjor: which means what. adam: will you just listen. the world is incredible danger. kimberly: i can't believe he's the one who created the power coins. what are we going to do. the world's gonna be destroyed and we can't stop it because we don't have any powers. tommy: but we do. we will have the power in ourselves. the knowledge of rights and true. lord zedd can't never destroy that. billy: you're right, tommy. it's all have to do ever we can. come on. ninjor: oh, boy. wait a minute. your heart speak with truth. you have convince that do not have seek this power out of grieve. if the power of ninjor lives with in your souls. we're really got something here. stone: then, follow me, boys. ninjor: form a circle around me and join hands for your journey now begins close your eyes and concentrate. i shall guide you in your quest for knowledge and power. ninjor: your journey is complete. open your eyes and clam your destiny. tommy: alright, ninjor, now what. ninjor: you know posses the power of ninja deep in your souls. come now and learn of your new gifts. behold the power of grace and beauty of your new ninja zords. these zords have drivin by the forces of the ninja and it fuse with light and strength. there are far superior to the zords of the past. well, before your power came from the brute strength of the dinosaurs. now it comes from the swift intelligent cutting of the ninja. your new power coins come with new more advance powers. however, as before it is work together as a team. to that end all the zords have ability to unite as one to form the ninja megafalcon zord. tommy: their amazing. ninjor: they will serve you well in your quest to defeat the evil that japodise your world. you are truly remarkable group of young people worthy of the ninja power. rocky, step forward and clam the power of your new ninja zord. you shall control the mighty red ape ninja zord. ninjor: aisha, you're next. you shall be in control of the bear ninja zord. ninjor: now, billy. the wolf ninja zord will answer to your call. ninjor: kimberly, behold the crane ninja zord. ninjor: now, adam, you shall become the wise the frog ninja zord. ninjor: tommy, behold the mighty falcon ninja zord. tommy: how do we call them. ninjor: you will know when the time comes. ninjor: lord zedd has begun to attack angel grove. adam: we've got to do something. kimberly: can we call upon the zords now. billy: we've gotta stop them. ninjor: you must activate your ninja powers now in order to defeat them. kimberly: but how. ninjor: congratulations, power rangers, you have passed through portal power and light. be fourth from the spirit of ninja. rocky: hey, bird brain. listen up. i hate to be the one that tell you. but, if you want a temple. you gotta go through us. tommy: let's do it, guys. tommy: you have a nice trip, peak head. adam: give it up, feather head. billy: give it up, feather head. adam: heads up, tank in top. billy: going some where. as you wish. tommy: not quite, bird brain. don't believe everything you'll see. kimberly: you know what. you gotta be quick if you catch me. rocky: hey, watch this. rocky: yeah. take this. yeah, this power rule. aisha: later, guys. what. watch this. alright. woo. ain't no stopping the bear. alpha 5: okay, that should do it. i sure hope this works, zordon. zordon: so do i, alpha. so do i. alpha 5: oh, good it worked. i'm tuning in the rangers. ooh, i do hope their okay. zordon, look. the rangers have their ninja powers. i guess the temple wasn't a myth after all. oh, no. those are tenga warriors. what are they doing there. zordon: i do not know, alpha. i can only assume that lord zedd located the rangers in the desert. alpha 5: but the rangers are still so far away in the desert of despair. i hope they get back in time. aisha: this ninja powers are amazing. adam: yeah. it's like being super charged. rocky: ha, ha. now we got the hang of these new powers. let's finish these guys off. tenga warrior: uh, oh. let's get out of here. tommy: what's a matter you chicken. billy: or just bunch of turkey. kimberly: sure feels good to have our powers back. adam: nothing we back. better. aisha: i can't wait we take down on that rito again. rocky: let's do it. the power rangers are back. ninjor: you did a fine job, power rangers. billy: ninjor, we did it. ninjor: you have proven yourselves worthy the power of ninja. use your powers wisely. but zordon chose well he selected you. i could not have done better myself. tommy: right, now. we gotta save angel grove. how do we call the zords. ninjor: look in with yourselves. white power ranger: yeah, alright we did. next stop angel grove. all: right. white power ranger: let's do it. all: power rangers, power up. )