ahhh. after 10,000 years, i'm free. its time to conquer earth. alpha, rita's escaped. recruit a team of teenagers with attitude. # go, go, power rangers # # go, go, power rangers # # go, go, power rangers # # mighty morphin power rangers # # power rangers # # power rangers # # go, go, power rangers # # you mighty morphin power rangers # woman: everybody take their places, please. it's a video projectbulk, the world's greatest guy. take 32. i have always enjoyed this notable class. take your seats now, please. that was miss appleby who can't wait for me to sit down. she really is a lovely teacher.  light's no good. could you. left no, my left. go to your left. back, back it up. right right there. don't worry about it, bulk. i'll edit it out later. it's time for our firs video project today. trini. my video project is called pollution problems in angel grove. trini: pollution it exists even here in beautiful angel grove. despite all of the attention focused on the environment in the past few years, we still have a problem with trash dirty air, and polluted water. heavy industry a major source of contaminants has made progress recently but there is still a lot that needs to be done. we must take care not to destroy nature's delicate balance for the sake of the animals and for our very world because if the animals disappear ultimately, so will we. the time to act is now. very nice job, trini. pollution is a serious concern to our society. billy: i couldn't agree more. i'm deeply concerned abou the ecological ramifications of ozone depletion, acid rain deforestation, and the loss of our topsoils. yeah, you're right. so what can we do to help beautify our city. i want to star a cleanup club. one day a week, we can do some recycling clean up major trails, or even count endangered animals. yeah. count me in. sounds cool. totally. rita: a cleanup club, eh. we'll give them something to clean. call finster's polluticorn. the polluticorn will make such a mess of their plane they'll never get it cleaned up. scorpina. goldar. make sure this works. now go. yes, my queen. yes.  that was very good but watch this.  not very practical, but bigtime points for style. how's it going, huh. good. two more, and we're done. good. very good, billy. thanks. i'm using a special mixture of totally organic pain pigmented with various natural substances. a little to the left. back a little bit to the right. perfect. i want to thank you guys for really helping me ou with this recycling stuff. that's wha the cleanup club is for. now, let's get over to that field near the park and pick up trash, shall we. take care, guys. bulk, the world's greatest guy, scene 42. working out. this is where i train. pumping up is important to me. hey, bulk. you promised i could do the scene with you. who's going to run the camera, stupid. hey, ernie, you wan to film us working out. you two. working out. just run the camera, okay. oh, this ought to be fun. guys, this is really sad. look at this mess. this is terrible. i cannot believe people would ruin such a beautiful place. let me take a soil sample. completely polluted. this kind of wanton disregard is so destructive to such a fragile ecosystem. and it stinks. time to get busy. looks like our club really cleaned up. it looks totally far ou and funky down the drain. very successful venture. it was fun too. let's do that section there and then we'll head down to the recycling center. all right. it's almost time.  another brilliant plan, my queen. now i shall send putties to soften them up for the polluticorn. this is going to make me look good. thanks for all your help, goodygoods.  bulk, the world's greatest guy take 53. i picked up all this trash myself. beautiful, babe, but this way. right. the other right. okay, to my right.  get me out of here. what kind of people just dump their trash like this. pollutants, like that. trini: oh, no. putties. now we got something else to clean up. tommy: let's bag them. so much for them. yeah.  yo, monster horse sky high. flying in fast. that's one real nightmare. it's morphin time. mastodon. pterodactyl. triceratops. sabertoothed tiger. tyrannosaurus. power rangers. power winds blow.  you guys okay. we've got to stop him before he pollutes everything in sight. oh, man, what now. okay. no. i will take care of these irritants. it doesn't even feel our attacks. i like his style. i'm going to destroy you and your miserable planet. rita: that's the way, polluticorn. i'm so devious, it's delicious. that horsething's too much. this monster may prove difficul for you to defeat, rangers. billy, help alpha with a situation analysis. yes, sir. data printou coming up. what's up with this monster. it's all par of rita's latest plan to destroy the earth. observe the viewing globe. rita has created this monster to cover the earth with pollution. we can't le that happen. there's got to be a way to stop that thing. yeah, but how. ayyiyiyiyi. whoa. alpha. oh, alpha, are you all right. are you okay. my analysis shows that the polluticorn derives its powers from its horn. good work, billy. i will bring it up on the viewing globe. the polluticorn is attacking the angel grove recycling plant. i can pollute your whole pathetic planet faster than you can clean it up. we can't let him wreck that factory. it's morphin time. mastodon. pterodactyl. triceratops. sabertoothed tiger. tyrannosaurus.  you guys get them. i'll take ou hornhead. all right, let's do it. got to find a way to chop off that horn. face i i'm too powerful for you. besides, your friends are finished. wait a minute. i've got to finish destroying this recycling plant first. aw, so much to pollute so little time. your polluting days are over, horseface. i'm sending you back to the barn. all right, smogbreath, my friends need help. i summon the power of the dragon shield.  i'll get you for that. see the unicorn grow.  we need dinosaur power now. toxic winds blow.  clean that. we're getting wrecked, guys. we need the power sword. # go, go, power rangers # huh. uhoh. let's finish him. # go, go, power rangers # # you mighty morphin power rangers. # oh, such a headache. never fear, someday we'll make those power rangers pay. man: this bulletin just in. we've just gotten word that once again the amazing power rangers have saved our town and the world from one of rita repulsa's lethal monsters. after a lengthy battle, the power rangers and their zords defeated the beast just before it attacked angel grove. no people were reported injured. how long will we be safe from rita repulsa and her notorious monsters. no one knows for sure but thank you, power rangers, whoever you are. hey, more recycling, gang. it's time to go to work. okay, ernie. that makes over 500. someday soon, this plastic will make a lot of credit cards. oh, yeah. well, check ou this pile of papers. man, we just saved a redwood. skull: remember, you want to help. act real helpful. tell them you're here to help. i know my line. all right. scene 78. i always help ou with the recycling drive. what a dork. i'm going to pound you. bulk, bulk, bulk, bulk. i'm taping. oh. oh, yeah. i think, whenever possible, everything should be recycled. today, we will be seeing bulk and skull's video, won't we. um well just finished editing it. this will be very interesting. bulk: i'm sure it will be an awardwinning project. how's it look. there are a few glitches but nothing to worry about. i have no class. take your seats now. that miss appleby can't, can't teach.  pumping up is important to me. i'm going to iiii thought i cu that part out. i pick trash myself. i think i should be recycled. i'm going to pound you, cameraman. i can fix it. i can fix it. captioned by grant brown )