   ah, took me three days of practice but i finally mastered it.  great you guys are learning to do cool stuff because i'm about to be fired.  you need to loosen up.  easy for you to say.  you get to train wild animals.  and it's going to change my whole selfimage.  unless, when faced with the real beast, i go into shock and lose control of my bladder.  i'm eating here.   you know, i don't think i've ever seen dil so happy.  yup, everyone seems to love him.  it bugs you, doesn't it.  not even.  think of it this way.  at least he's finally giving you your space.    sphinx.   dil: an atm machine.  that was way awesome.  we know.  problem is, how do we top it this year.  can you guys... swim.  clown: bark like dog.  : ruff, ruff.  suck thumb like baby.  ow.  walk like dinosaur.  tommy, you have the skills of a clown, but not the heart and soul.  and if you don't find them by show time, you're going to be playing a real security guard.  i think you are ready now, chuckie.  oh, i'm ready.  bring on the beasts.  oh, yeah, nothing says "manly" like kittens.    i told you you weren't catcher material, lillian.  you did that on purpose, philip.  wish i had a solo act.  not half as much as i do.     this was a brilliant idea, dil.  you rock, dman.  oh, i love dil.  dil, how would you like to become a permanent member of our troupe, eh.  ii... i would lovethat.  after camp is over, we continue our international tour.  next stop: addis ababa.  addis ababa.  i've always wanted to go there.  oh, but i can't drop my life here and run off with the circus.  why not.  i couldn't leave my family.  without me around, they'd die of boredom.  we understand.  but just so you know, the offer is always open.     dil, can i talk to you.  come on, pilar.  let's give these guys some space.  just so you know, i beat you in the meatball mountain contest last night because, uh, you weren't there.   to be honest, it's not fun at home, either.  there's no one around to annoy me, ask me weird questions, embarrass me in front of total strangers.  really, t.  yeah.  i guess i just miss your freakiness.  is that what you think.  circus people are freaks.  of course not, but you got to admit it's kind of freaky around here, setting the table on your head, eating dinner with your feet.  ever stop to think maybewe're the normal ones andyou'rethe freak.  i amnota freak.  too bad, because if you were, you wouldn't make such a lame clown.  forget i ever came here.  already forgotten.  and for your information, my fellowfreaks asked me to go on tour with them, and i just decided to accept their offer.  fine.  right back at ya.  stu: i'm sorry, dil, but you are not going on tour with the circus.  but i belong there.  how will you sleep at night knowing you took my dream and peed all over it.  language.  sorry.  i'm just trying to make a point.  you really should let him go.  it's a onceinalifetime opportunity.   tell you what.  we'll meet with luka and joe and if we're sure they're going to be competent guardians, you can go.  but only until school starts.  will you drop me there tonight.  i'd really like to get used to living with mynewfamily.  new danimals coolision.  dylan. two danimals flavors at once.  yea, you could do that.  or try new danimals coolision tubes.  coolision tubes.  yep, one flavor on the left, one flavor on the right.  make both flavors collide for an awesome new taste.  genius.  new danimals coolision.  ..  danimalicious.  now that's a blast of fruity flavor.  both: coolision. get your blast on.  ] whoa...  today's special...  the absofruitalicioustaste of two colors in every puff.  rasporangey orange.  a fruitly symphony.  lemony green, tasty with a twist.  and berry, berry, blueee.  silly rabbit, trix are for kids.   trix swirls the...absofruitalicious...   part of a good breakfast.  dil's going to be back before we know it.  but i singlehandedly drove him into the arms of another family who can collectively fit in a laundry basket.  tommy, it's inevitable.  dil would have found the circus sooner or later.  where did you get those hats.  i asked mama to make us hats exactly like yours.  they don't have dentures on the end.  we just haven't put them on yet.   okay, this is me under hypnosis.  how was that.   you laughed.  it was funny, right.  not really funny funny.  more like funny sad.  aw, i give up.  you still have a day left.  remember, this is the circus.  miracles can happen.   kimi, you're not getting nauseous anymore.  now if i could only make it through without getting dizzy.    oof.   see what happenswhen we do itmyway.  no, that's what happens when we do it myway.   are you thinking what i'm thinking.  yeah.  we should stop fighting.  no. no.  ondine and i fight much worse than you and we're the best in the world.  the second best.  you're forgetting about the twins from baden baden.  they're second. we're first.  second.  we are number one,ondine.  next time, don't pull so hard, philip.  you're not getting a good enough grip, lillian.  chuckie finster, wild animal trainer.  aw, come on, guys, would it kill you to growl once in a while.  little scratch, draw some blood.  huh, tongue rash.  it's a start.  our costumes are here.  they're exactly like... mine.  she copied them from you.  that's what makes them so unique.  what do you think, dil.  actually, i think it's pretty creepy.  pilar: dil, i have a question for you.  if catfish have over 27,000 tastebuds why are we eating them instead of them eating us.  dil, if the tongue is the strongest muscle in the body, why don't people lift weights with their mouth.  and if butterflies taste with their feet, why do they need mouths.  ii don't know.  and luckily i don't care.  couldn't we just sit and eat quietly for once.  : quiet.  sure why not.   you know what.  i'm going to have to pass on dessert tonight.  i need some... space.  tommy : ruff, ruff.  ruff, ruff.  why are you spying on me.  why are you wearing my pajamas.  aw, i'm never going to be able to find my inner clown by tomorrow.  i'm not like you, dil.  i can't just do or say or eat any weird thing i want without being embarrassed.  i don't know, i guess i'm too uptight or repressed or too boring.  well, being odd isn't all it's cracked up to be, either.  so you want my help with your act or what.  i don't know, i guess it could use some polish.  polish..  bro, you need a sandblaster.  okay, lose the pajamas.  it's time to practice in your underwear.  my underwear..  if you think pajamas are freeing, wait till you try tightywhities.  i feel like an idiot.  exactly.  now, go with it.  ringmaster: tonight is a special night.  each and every one of you is ready to bring the magic of the circus to the outside world.  uh, just to clarify, you did say "each and every one of us," right, didier.  oh, no, i'm on first and i haven't digested yet.  i was so nervous, i had three helpings of hungarian goulash.  wear this.  it's my motionsickness band.  you've had these all along and no one told me about them.  a woman has to keep a little mystery.    well, have a good show, philip.  you, too, lillian.    way to go, dork.  you, too, creep.       retreat.   audience: oh...   achoo.   ladies and gentlemen, a very valuable item has been stolen and i have to search everyone in this room.   hand over your shoes, please.    you will do whatever i say.  bark like dog.   suck thumb like baby.    walk like dinosaur.       hey, thanks for helping me with my act.  no prob.  you were aces.  and you were beyond awesome.  um, even though i'm going to miss you, a lot, you belong with these people.  oh. i was kind of hoping you weren't going to say that.  why not.  don't get me wrong.  i like these circus people.  but they're kind of annoying.  am i annoying.  yes.  but in a totally mylifewouldbeboringwithoutyou way.  if you don't want to go... if you don't want me to go...   : young merman, you have brought the treasure which rightfully belongs to me, the great ascobar, master of all sea life.  leader of all who have gills.  i grant you legs.  now use them to run away before i take them back.      x8ppxzh8x8bph 8ppxp 8ppi 8ppi 8xoi 8i 8i ]8hu ]>8hu ]>8hu ]>8hu ]x>'8hu8](](]  (]@@pbpmx@pbpmx@rh zx/pm zx/pm zx/ zx/ zx/ zx/ h zx/ xz)(] xz)(] xz)(] )(] )(] )(] )(] )  )  )   )  )  )  )  )  every birthday,my mom and dad would say    "you're another year older,another year wiser"    but i still go to school    to get an education    i treat each and every day    like a mini vacation    all grown up.    i really wantto shout it out    all grown up.    i want the world to know    all grown up.    i really want to shout it out    all grown up    with you    all grown up with...    you.   captioning sponsored by nickelodeon pangborn:as we stand here on the eve of dedicating our conway deeverdowddodd memorial auditorium, i'd like thank thosewho made possible this stunning achievementin engineering imagination.  not quite sure howthe fire drills will work, but golly hey,she's a beauty, eh.   on a personal note, i'd liketo thank the board of education for putting me in chargeof the opening festivities, an evening with the arts.  apparently the board felt"a little nervous"  about my idea, "an eveningof pile drivers and leg locks."  apparently providing 15 years of wholesome family entertainment isn't good enough, but i'm honored, really.   phil... we'll get in trouble.  as president of the audiovisual club, i have certain responsibilities.  aw, no one knows we're up herechill.  ohho, watch this.   pangborn: as producer, i'll be looking for one lucky student to sing the firstever song from our new stage.  sing.  pangborn: anyone interested in performing can sign up on the creative arts bulletin board.  thank you.   hmm...  angelica: excuse me.  excuse me... move it.   hi...  hi.   hey, angelica, looks like this'll be your big break, if you win the audition.  "if"..  as if.  yeah, what about susie.  she's the best voice in the school.  well, she's away at her grandma's helping her with her hip replacement.  so it's her tough break.  you weren't going to call her.  tell you whati'll call her when i get home.  why don't you call her now.  you have a cell phone.  it's out of juice.   all right, all right, i'll call her now.   susie : the carmichaels aren't in the house so leave a message and what's up and at the tone, you leave your phone and we'll be able to catch upword.  angelica: hi, it's ange...   anyway, babe, there's this big show at the new auditorium, but you have to sign up by tomorrow, so call me right away.   satisfied. now, if you'll excuse me, i need to figure out what i'll sing for the opening night... oh, audition that is.    i can't believe we got away with thatit's totally wicked.  i say a hula skirt would've gotten a bigger laugh.  let it go, philip.  chuckie: whoever said audiovisual club wasn't cool never rocked with me.   uhoh...  oh, children.  don't look at my shame.  uh, something wrong, ms. o'keats.  it's blank.   no one signed up for my "rhythm of art" performance piece.  this is what held me back from the stage.  gee, i'm sure someone will sign up.  oh, noteenagers are too caught up in popular culture to be enchanted by true art.  they wouldn't move their keister to see ballet for anything.  teenagers can be stuckup sometimes.  right, guys.  yeah.  you bet.  then... you know.  my, you're not a teenager, are you, chuckie.  yes. you'd be perfect for my movement and spokenword piece.  i can see it nowyou three in costumes...  or better yet, unitards.  you'll celebrate the human form.  my human form.  in front of the whole school..  thank you, my children.  we shall make art together simply for the beauty of art.  angelica: i got it. i'm a star.  i'm a... susie.  too bad no one called me to let me know about the signups.  but i left a message.  didn't you get it. no, i didn't.  i know you, angelica, you'd do anything to claw your way to the middle.  i'm offended.  i even volunteered to sign you up.  if you don't believe me, ask...  him.  did she call me about the audition signup.  yeah, she did, i heard her.  i don't want to get hurt here.  gee, i didn't think...  my parents did say our machine has been blinky.  i'm really sorry.  i know you'll do just great.  can you forgive me.  i'll try to work through it, somehow.   i'm telling you people, see a teacher cry, seven years' bad luck.  it's karma, man.  isn't it obvious.  nothing's obvious to me, dil.  karma's this cool eastern philosophy that says if you do good things, good things happen to you and if you bad things, bad things happen.  and i for one believe it.  you also believe aliens live in your mashed potatoes.  only the instant kind.  see, you guys were messing around with pangborn during the assembly. this is how the metaphysical world repaid you.  by stuffing my butt in a unitard.. )