 turning me into a merman who can only regrow legs by recovering the underwater treasure before nightfall.    hey, ascobar, you want to swing into the snack bar for an icee.   you may have taken away my legs, ascobar, but you'll never have my soul.  never.    man: did somebody over here order a meatball mountain, huh.  dil: dig in.  : race you to the middle.  i'm not in the mood.   we've been doing it forever.  man, first you won't wear your pjs, now this.  i know, but couldn't we for once have a nice, quiet dinner.  : quiet.  oh. yeah.  sure.  so let me ask you a question.  if some fish are able to walk, how come they can't run.  and if, like, dolphins have their own language, why don't they have cell phones.  i don't know, and luckily, i don't care.  bummer.   better get in on the action before it's too late.    see what happens when you don't play along.  if the inside of the eyelid is pink, why do we see black when we close our eyes.  dil. just give me some space, okay.  fine.  have your space.  take all the space you want.  in fact, have all the space there is.  i'm small.  i don't need much space.  boys, we've got a surprise.  remember how, at the beginning of summer, you begged us to do something.  something you were dying to do...  you're going to circus day camp.  you were taking too long, deed.  but you said cirque du extravaganza was too expensive.  betty just called to say she finally wore the guy down, got us a group deal.  phil, lil, chuckie and kimi are going, too.  ah, yeah, that's my planto kick it with the french canadians.  i got to call chuckie.  oh, yeah.  it's so sweet to party with the circus freaks.  word.  man: feast your eyes on the magic that is cirque du extravaganza.  my assistants, alain and ondine.   believe it or not, by the end of the week, you, too, will be defying the laws of gravity.  you will learn the german ring.  you two, the flying trapeze.  no clowns, no clowns, don't like them, don't trust them.  i am pairing you up with the newest members of our troupe, the snow leopards.  yes.  and you are with them.  i'm going to be a security guard.  are you people in this country legally.  they're not security guards. they're clowns.  you are the only kid in the history of circus camp to figure that out.  how would you like to be the first outsider to join the most prestigious group of cirque du extravaganza, the contortionists.  how did he peg them as clowns.  girl: at cirque du extravaganza, nothing is what it appears to be.  man, he sure went from zero to happy in 60 seconds.  not as happy as me.  i'm free.   : yeah.   bravo. bravo.   dil, you are fantastique.  he's a natural, is what he is.  dil, are you sure you never worked with acirquebefore.  never left the suburbs.  except for my one trip to the planet plankteria.  get out.  i've always wanted to go there.  but moving around so much doesn't exactly make me an easy target for alien abduction.   a fellow believer.  can you stay for dinner tonight.  of course.  cool.  but i should warn you.  my family likes to sing silly songs before we eat.  oh, my heart.  hey, you want me to show you how to fit into a laundry basket.  thought you'd never ask.  you play audience member.  tommy, you get in way and get hypnotized instead.  it is job.  now i need volunteer from audience to hypnotize.  you will do whatever i say no matter how ridiculous.  bark like dog.  : ruff, ruff.  suck your thumb like baby.  blech.  now walk like dinosaur.  you look like annoying bunny from tv commercials, not dinosaur.  no one's ever seen a real dinosaur.  for all you know, i could be nailing it.  oh, yeah.  then what your excuse for pathetic dog bark.    hurry up, dil, dad's here.  we're getting our favorite: pizza.  dil: i have to pass.  i'm having dinner with my circus family tonight, who apparently don't need a lot ofspace.    ah, took me three days of practice but i finally mastered it.  great you guys are learning to do cool stuff because i'm about to be fired.  you need to loosen up.  easy for you to say.  you get to train wild animals.  and it's going to change my whole selfimage.  unless, when faced with the real beast, i go into shock and lose control of my bladder.  i'm eating here.   you know, i don't think i've ever seen dil so happy.  yup, everyone seems to love him.  it bugs you, doesn't it.  not even.  think of it this way.  at least he's finally giving you your space.    sphinx.   dil: an atm machine.  that was way awesome.  we know.  problem is, how do we top it this year.  can you guys... swim.  clown: bark like dog.  : ruff, ruff.  suck thumb like baby.  ow.  walk like dinosaur.  tommy, you have the skills of a clown, but not the heart and soul.  and if you don't find them by show time, you're going to be playing a real security guard.  i think you are ready now, chuckie.  oh, i'm ready.  bring on the beasts.  oh, yeah, nothing says "manly" like kittens.    i told you you weren't catcher material, lillian.  you did that on purpose, philip.  wish i had a solo act.  not half as much as i do.     this was a brilliant idea, dil.  you rock, dman.  oh, i love dil.  dil, how would you like to become a permanent member of our troupe, eh.  ii... i would lovethat.  after camp is over, we continue our international tour.  next stop: addis ababa.  addis ababa.  i've always wanted to go there.  oh, but i can't drop my life here and run off with the circus.  why not.  i couldn't leave my family.  without me around, they'd die of boredom.  we understand.  but just so you know, the offer is always open.     dil, can i talk to you.  come on, pilar.  let's give these guys some space.  just so you know, i beat you in the meatball mountain contest last night because, uh, you weren't there.   to be honest, it's not fun at home, either.  there's no one around to annoy me, ask me weird questions, embarrass me in front of total strangers.  really, t.  yeah.  i guess i just miss your freakiness.  is that what you think.  circus people are freaks.  of course not, but you got to admit it's kind of freaky around here, setting the table on your head, eating dinner with your feet.  ever stop to think maybewe're the normal ones andyou'rethe freak.  i amnota freak.  too bad, because if you were, you wouldn't make such a lame clown.  forget i ever came here.  already forgotten.  and for your information, my fellowfreaks asked me to go on tour with them, and i just decided to accept their offer.  fine.  right back at ya.  stu: i'm sorry, dil, but you are not going on tour with the circus.  but i belong there.  how will you sleep at night knowing you took my dream and peed all over it.  language.  sorry.  i'm just trying to make a point.  you really should let him go.  it's a onceinalifetime opportunity.   tell you what.  we'll meet with luka and joe and if we're sure they're going to be competent guardians, you can go.  but only until school starts.  will you drop me there tonight.  i'd really like to get used to living with mynewfamily.  .  the new nerf clear raider cs35 with red darts. only at target blasters each sold separately.  dil's going to be back before we know it.  but i singlehandedly drove him into the arms of another family who can collectively fit in a laundry basket.  tommy, it's inevitable.  dil would have found the circus sooner or later.  where did you get those hats.  i asked mama to make us hats exactly like yours.  they don't have dentures on the end.  we just haven't put them on yet.   okay, this is me under hypnosis.  how was that.   you laughed.  it was funny, right.  not really funny funny.  more like funny sad.  aw, i give up.  you still have a day left.  remember, this is the circus.  miracles can happen.   kimi, you're not getting nauseous anymore.  now if i could only make it through without getting dizzy.    oof.   see what happenswhen we do itmyway.  no, that's what happens when we do it myway.   are you thinking what i'm thinking.  yeah.  we should stop fighting.  no. no.  ondine and i fight much worse than you and we're the best in the world.  the second best.  you're forgetting about the twins from baden baden.  they're second. we're first.  second.  we are number one,ondine.  next time, don't pull so hard, philip.  you're not getting a good enough grip, lillian.  chuckie finster, wild animal trainer.  aw, come on, guys, would it kill you to growl once in a while.  little scratch, draw some blood.  huh, tongue rash.  it's a start.  our costumes are here.  they're exactly like... mine.  she copied them from you.  that's what makes them so unique.  what do you think, dil.  actually, i think it's pretty creepy.  pilar: dil, i have a question for you.  if catfish have over 27,000 tastebuds why are we eating them instead of them eating us.  dil, if the tongue is the strongest muscle in the body, why don't people lift weights with their mouth.  and if butterflies taste with their feet, why do they need mouths.  ii don't know.  and luckily i don't care.  couldn't we just sit and eat quietly for once.  : quiet.  sure why not.   you know what.  i'm going to have to pass on dessert tonight.  i need some... space.  tommy : ruff, ruff.  ruff, ruff.  why are you spying on me.  why are you wearing my pajamas.  aw, i'm never going to be able to find my inner clown by tomorrow.  i'm not like you, dil.  i can't just do or say or eat any weird thing i want without being embarrassed.  i don't know, i guess i'm too uptight or repressed or too boring.  well, being odd isn't all it's cracked up to be, either.  so you want my help with your act or what.  i don't know, i guess it could use some polish.  polish..  bro, you need a sandblaster.  okay, lose the pajamas.  it's time to practice in your underwear.  my underwear..  if you think pajamas are freeing, wait till you try tightywhities.  i feel like an idiot.  exactly.  now, go with it.  ringmaster: tonight is a special night.  each and every one of you is ready to bring the magic of the circus to the outside world.  uh, just to clarify, you did say "each and every one of us," right, didier.  oh, no, i'm on first and i haven't digested yet.  i was so nervous, i had three helpings of hungarian goulash.  wear this.  it's my motionsickness band.  you've had these all along and no one told me about them.  a woman has to keep a little mystery.    well, have a good show, philip.  you, too, lillian.    way to go, dork.  you, too, creep.       retreat.   audience: oh...   achoo.   ladies and gentlemen, a very valuable item has been stolen and i have to search everyone in this room.   hand over your shoes, please.    you will do whatever i say.  bark like dog.   suck thumb like baby.    walk like dinosaur.       hey, thanks for helping me with my act.  no prob.  you were aces.  and you were beyond awesome.  um, even though i'm going to miss you, a lot, you belong with these people.  oh. i was kind of hoping you weren't going to say that.  why not.  don't get me wrong.  i like these circus people.  but they're kind of annoying.  am i annoying.  yes.  but in a totally mylifewouldbeboringwithoutyou way.  if you don't want to go... if you don't want me to go...   : young merman, you have brought the treasure which rightfully belongs to me, the great ascobar, master of all sea life.  leader of all who have gills.  i grant you legs.  now use them to run away before i take them back.      hwpxg/hph h8@hh0hph8@hxph88hkp388@hhh.8@hhh.8@hh h.8@hh 8@hxyp8@h 80 8@h0 p8@h0 8@h0 p >x. >x. >x. >x. >x. > x.(]  8 j(].xaxix.xaxix.x got to blast.   into the stars, goin' by candy bar's    rides a kid with a knack for invention    with a superpowered mind, a mechanical canine     he rescues the day from sure destruction    this is the theme song    for jimmy neutron.      captioning sponsoredby nickelodeon check it out.  i'm a speed demon.  you getting this, baby.  woman: sure am, honey.  whoohoo.  announcer: you're watching vacation footage of steve and jenny bissell, who set out for paradise but sailed smackdab into the mystery of the bahama quadrangle.  uh, honey, what's the deal with this fog.  uh, i don't know.  steve, i'm frightened.  well, don't panic, it's probably nothing.  hhey. what's happening.  steve, where are you.  honey. steve.  no. stay back.    announcer: they were never seen again.  had the bahama quadrangle taken two more victims into its watery clutches.  cool.  spooky.  oh, what a bunch of baloney.  you don't believe the bahama quadrangle is haunted, do you.  how else do you explain all the boats and planes that went missing there.  it could be anythingsudden tornadoes, freak electrical storms...  ghosts of the undead hoarding human flesh to feed their ravenous hunger.  sheen, do you even believe half the stuff you say.  yes.  or do i.  well, have you ever been there, jimmy.  no, but i've read all about it.  it's where one of my favorite scientists, dr. sydney moist, used to conduct his groundbreaking oceanographic research.  carl: used to.  what happened to him.  he went missing.  aha.  that's just a coincidence.  it's sorcery, i tells you.  or evil porpoises.  or fishheaded octomen.  get up.  where we going.  to the bahama quadrangle, so i can prove that this "mystery" is perfectly explainable.  mmm... nah.  i'll pass.  fine, then we'll start our essays on the habsburg empire.  quadrangle it is.  right behind you, captain.  sheen: are we there yet.  how about now.  are we there now.  how about now.  carl: i hope it's soon.  i need to use the little boys' ocean.  according to the neutronic positioning unit, we're now entering the bahama quadrangle.  notice the complete lack of anything creepy...   until now.  uh, jimmy, flying into a fog bank on a perfectly sunny day is normal, right.  of course it is.  happens all the time, right, jimmy.  actually...  we're doomed.  we're not doomed.  the only thing to fear is total engine failure.   now we're doomed.    guys, there's something fishy going on here.  fishy. as in evil porpoises.  well, this was fun.  let's go home.  carl, we need to go underwater and investigate.  everyone take some airgum.   okay, now if we get lost, let's meet back here so we don't...  : wait for me.  jimmy was rightnothing mysterious here.  bye.  that's strange.  i'm picking up humanoid biosigns from that direction.  follow me.  sheen: can't we just take a moment to appreciate this.  we're young, we're in the bahamas, we've got our whole lives ahead of us.  perhaps i spoke too soon.  jimmy, what's happening.  i don't know.  can't... fight... current.  too strong.   this place has seen the last of my tourist dollars.   all right, evil porpoise, i don't like you and you don't like me, so...   yike.     goodbye, world.  the horror.  so, where are we anyway.  seaweed.  it looks like we've been sucked into some sort of kelp processing plant.  man: bravo.  excellent deduction.  hey, jimmy, isn't that...  dr. sydney moist, the world's leading researcher in the field of phytochemical compounds.  and a deliciously graceful tap dancer.  : pah, pah, pah, pah, pah.  yeah.  but you were reported dead years ago.  oh, i can assure you i'm quite alivemarvelously, resplendently alive.  and charleston.  huh.   hey, jimmy, you didn't tell us dr. moist was completely out of his...  ah, my apologies for sucking you into my lab.  the ocean is full of spies.  but enough jibberjabberwho's hungry, hmm.  nipsey, russell.   sheen: oh, look.  dr. nutjob has some slimy green friends.  moist: show our guests to the table.  i hope you boys are hungry.  incredible.  they're some type of planktohumanoid life forms.  moist: i decided to make men out of algae.  i call them... "algaemen".  and i thought he was insane.  well, eat up, there's plenty for everyone.  : mmm.  it's scrumptious.   yum, yum.  : yeah, that really hits the spot.   why live underwater when you could share with other scientists.  ha.  never.  they all laughed at me and called me "dr.  loonypants." well, who's laughing now, hmm.  who's crazy now..   i'll go check on dessert.  guys, what'd i tell you.  there's nothing mysterious about the bahama quadrangle.  oh, no.  we're having dinner at the bottom of the ocean with a crazy lunatic and his seaweed friends.  okay, granted, he's a little eccentric...  a little eccentric..  the guy's crazier than a sackful of spider monkeys.  so, how are we doing, hmm.  dr. moist, can you explain to my friends here that there's nothing mysterious about the bahama quadrangle. )