 brook thinks it's a message from gilbert.  he must be near by.   swim for it.   huh. ohh.  ooh. ohh.  ha ha ha.  you are slimed.  flavor blasted goldfish crackers.  always baked and really cheesy.  the snack that smes back .  goldfish.  dil: i still don't get why you're so t'd, t.  what was i supposed to do, just let her slime you.  no, i much prefer you doing it for her.  i'm definitely going to have to call that girl's mother.  no.  aw... look, could everyone just leave me alone.  oh, all right. but if you ask me, you're being a little hard on dil.  he was only trying to help.  come on, t.  i totally followed the rules.  i saw an opening, i didn't hesitate, i just went for it.  different rules, dilthe older/younger brother rules.  i know you were born without the embarrassment gene, but i wasn't.  it's just not cool to have your little brother make a fool of you in public.  so you're saying i have a whole new set of rules to learn.  yep, as in the "you don't get to make me look like an idiot" ones.  older brother/younger brother rules, huh.  sure, i can give you a few pointers.  you see, even though older brothers might seem like they push their younger ones around a lot, the bottom line is you love them unconditionallyeven when they steal your girlfriends, trash your room, market your ideas without permission...  there can be no denying the family bond which will always win the day over petty differences.  tommy: i'm just going to lay low until i can find a way to regain the status cool.  my entire reputation's at stake.  to think, all this could have been avoided if only francine had been honest about her feelings.  yeah, i know what you mean.  what.  would someone mind filling me in.  kimi and lil: she obviously likes you.  news flash, tommy: she's a girl.  the truly scary thing is that almost makes sense.  ah, i'm totally picking up what you're putting down.  i mean, hey, i don't blame you for the way you feel.  as in.  you know.  hah. how you're digging on me.  yeah, i guess you're on to me, huh.  i really do like you.  only i'd like you even better in there.   loser.  uh... at least we're past the humiliation part.   look, dudearoni, it's those girls who hang with tommy dorkheimer.     guys, our table's collective cool quotient is taking a serious hit.  hi, angelica.  i just wanted to tell you how fabulous your hardhitting gossip coverage has been.  like, how did you find out that paris was planning a surprise toering party for savannah.  what can i say.  i have one of those personalities that makes people want to tell all.  now get lost or my next headline will be about how you pluck your unibrow.   angelica, you have to post a retraction.  i.. i demand it.  thomas, thomas, thomas...  uh, yesterday's news.  but you owe me.  what about our history together.  or the fact that we're blood relatives.  hmm...  no.  but i'll tell you what, if you're planning any new ways to humiliate yourself i'd love the scoop.  tah.   i will not stop.  i will not sleep.  i will not eat until i get my rep back.  i will prove that i walk among the unlame.   uh, sorry, big dude.  man, that's one toughlooking, kid.  troy. nah, he's a total teddy bear.  so is his snake.  all: snake.  yeah, mayflower.  he's, like, a hundred years old.  troy's grandpa brought him over from the old country.  you know, tommy, you should get to know troy.  he's a wannabe actor.  yeah. can his snake act, too.  huh.  phil, get me that snake.  promise troy a part in my next film if you have to.  i have an idea for a little publicity stunt.  if it works, tommy pickles will go from school zero to school hero.  we only have, like, a minute to talk.  we think it's important to help you see where you wentso wrong siblingwise.  dil, you have to understand that phil's unflinching respect for me is based solely on the fact that i'm two minutes older and lightyears ahead on the maturity scale.  yeah. right, lillian.  that's why i heard you do "the fartspangled banner" in the bathtub last night.    hello, my good friend, troy.  oh, hello, thomas.  can i just say that you are looking very cool and definitely not the least bit, uh... uncool today.  did you bring the snake.  did i hear you saysnake.  it is a very dangerous and ferocious snake.  that's why i keep him doublelocked in his cage.  i would hate to think of what would happen if he ever got out.  ooh...  do not worry.  that will never, never happen.  come see for yourself, behind the gym at 3:15.  what time did he say, tommy.  3:15 exactly.   i'm totally going to ask jason to the dance next week.  i thought he was taking tiffany.  he was, until i wrote them "dear john" letters from each other to break them up.  but what if they find out.  and how could they.  yeah, how could they.  my brother and i never pay attention to who's older or who's younger.  we've always just watched out for each other like brothers do.  so if your little bro accidentally slimed you while trying to help, you'd be okay with it.  that was your older brother you slimed.   what little brother in his right mind would try to help an older one.  you can't just interfere in your brother's life like that.  what was i thinking.  i will not butt in to tommy's life.  i will not butt in to tommy's life.  i will not butt in to tommy's life.    that horrible snake looks so dangerous.  someone, stop the madness.   oh no.  he is escaping.   look, troy, he is charging.  please, somebody help me.  the snake is squeezing me.  i will save you.  get off my friend, you big, bad, vicious serpent.   tommy. you are a hero.   i will not butt into tommy's life.  i will not butt in to...  tommy.  no slimy snake is going to eat my bro.    what are you doing.  saving you.   boy: you saved tommy.   boy: you saved tommy.  girl: you saved tommy.  dil. you did it again.  huh.  but i thought...  oh, the rules.  well, guess what.  i can't just stand by and let my only brother get hurt.  yeah.  well, you don't have to worry about that.  because as far as i'm concerned, if you can't follow the rules, you can just stay away from me...  forever.  oh, d and i'm how dare you plan a "feeding tommy to a snake" event and not invite "ask angelica".  you have all officially made my blacklist.  i vow to use the full power of my poison pen for payback.  hmph.  hi, angelica.  we're a little concerned about some of the things you've been printing about us.  since most of it isn't true.   you cannot silence me.  you will not, cannot stop me from printing my version of the truth.  no, but i can.  the very idea that a web site meant for such good was used instead for such ill makes me, um... ill.  if you can't find a version of the truth that doesn't involve so much malice, i'm afraid i will have to pull the wireless plug permanently.   francine: got something for you, porky pickles.  i come bearing good news and bad news.  good news: angelica missed the snake fiasco.  bad news: i didn't.  gee, and that was my only copy, except for the ones i posted on half a dozen web sites and spammed to email addresses around the world.  why are you doing this to me..  hmm, does this ring a bell.  no, no, i'm not the one you want.  please... don't.  i'll be a fifth grader myself in two weeks.  please. spare me.  no.  and cut.  that was a scene from the original cut of my cult classic, when fifth graders attack.  but it ended up on the editing room floor.  how did you even know about it.  because it was my part, mr. big shot director.  you're little franny.  it was the part of a lifetime.  i was so excited, i invited all my friends and family to the premiere.  my proudest moment, and all that survived was a long shot of my elbow.  ii had to cut the scene for time.  it was the most insensitive thing anyone ever did to me.  i've never been so humiliated.  man, i know what it feels like to be totally humiliated, trust me.  i guess i owe you an apology.  you think.  i really wasn't trying to embarrass you, i swear.  just like dil wasn't trying to embarrass me.  aw, he was just trying to protect me.  hey, i'm not done tormenting you.  have you seen dil.  he's not in his room, the basement, the hamper or even the weird places he hangs out.  he went out.  he seemed upset, but he didn't want to talk.  aw, i'm really worried about dil.  what if he never speaks to me again.  i'm sure you guys will work it out.  you and dil are lucky to have each other.  yeah, we are.  hey, my soccer ballit's gone.  i know where dil went.  i can follow rules.  i'll get it.. someday.   man.  angelica: something real, something real.  oh, who wants real.  real's boring.  hmm... there's potential.   seriously, guys, if you're in the neighborhood, i could use a threefingered hand right about now.  tommy: i was sure he'd be here.  a little to the north, t.   hang on, bro.   i got you, dil.   t, i'm so sorry for messing up on the whole brother rules thing.  you know, dil, brotherhood's totally a team sport, and the only real rule is you can't put any rules on it.  i was a total idiot.  hey, you want to shoot some hoops.   uh, sure.  uh, dil.  francine: go ahead and drop.  i got you.  either i'm facing a new friend or certain death.    thanks, francine.  you just might have saved me from a broken leg.  mm, almost would have made us even.  francine, the whole film thing, i'll make it up to you, i swear.   tommy, which of these do you think is better "ask angelica" material.  this...  or this.  i'm leaning towards the second.  you know what, angelica.  go ahead and print the picture.  my reputation will recover...  eventually.  there are a lot more important things.  way to take all the fun out of it, pickles.  francine: i have a question for "ask angelica".  in my email to miss o'keats about how your gossip is damaging the fragile psyches of our already angstridden student body, should i sign my name "francine" or "franny".   so tommy, i'm thinking now would be a good time to talk about our next film collaboration.  fore.  caioning sponsored by theu.s. departmenxzbxk3hxzbhphxppbxj2 pbpxj28p8npbxj28pxopbxj28ppb xj28ppbxj28p(](]@h8@h8@h8@h8@h8@h8@hh08 @hh08 @hh08 @hh08 @hh08 @hh08 @hh0exhhppxgxhh0pxgx girl: four, three, two, one.    every birthday, my mom and dad would say    "you're another year older,another year wiser"    but i still go to school    to get an education    i treat each and every day    like a mini vacation    all grown up.    i really wantto shout it out    all grown up.    i want the world to know    all grown up.    i really want to shout it out    all grown up    with you    all grown up with...    you.   captioning sponsored by the u.s. department of education and nickelodeon out of the way, nardo.  the tomb of dos is ours now.  why, yugot.  so, the student has returned to best his master.  yes, it is now my turn to teach you.  do you really think your yugottago cards can beat mine.  eeny, meeny, miney...  go.  girl:it's the robotic sushi chef.  what do we do, yugot.  try this on for size, nardo.  school's out.  not yet, nardo.  it is now.  say hello to my atomic mime card.  atomic mime, meet cyber clause.  hohoho.  hohoho.  hoho.  what..  hohohoho.   quickto the tomb of dos.  whoa.  tommy: dil.  i told you to move your chocolate milk.  my card's all ruined now.  how could you play a twoheaded eel card against the robotic sushi chef.  you know it's only good against edible cards.  now, lillian, don't get madit's just a game.  haven't you been on the international web site.  you should be following bjorn from reykjavick.  that guy can play.  see why i hate playing tetherball with her.  did you just say something.  because her voice is still ringing in my cranium.  dil, slide over.  let a pro show you how it's done.  want to get your nails done after school.  french tip, pedicure, get all blingblinged out.  i'm up.  did you ask samantha.  not yethold on.  hold on, another call.  what's up, ange.  want to get your nails done after school.  lil: you threw your eternal skeleton.  where did you learn your basics.  fire, earth, wind, thenyour immortals.  uhoh.  the shark.  he's got the most cards this side of high school.  they even say he's got the redmirrored dragon.  what do you think, lillian.  i think he just looked at me.  king me.  he thinks he's so great.  let's see him play a game that takes real skill.  hmm...  oh, yeah.  yes.  tommy: come on, chuckie.  let's play yugottago.  no, thanks.  i refuse to be a victim to this crass merchandising.  last month it was laser kong cards, next month, something else.  and what are you left with.  a very expensive set of bookmarks.  i won't play either, tommy, but i really like to watch.  girl: ...awesome card.  wait till you see this new card that i got.  it is so awesome.  boy: that one's great.  spell card.   chuckie, can you help me stick pipe cleaners into albert's head.  not right now.  coming through.  don't want to miss too much of the satellite channel.  uh, dad...  yes, chuckie.  tv announcer: collect your own yugottago monsters and let them go medieval on your friends.  be the first one on your block to be the last one on your block.  yugottago cards.  live monsters not included.  chuckie: uh, dad, i know you just advanced me my allowance for the advance on my allowance i took two weeks ago, but...  could i have $20 for yugottago cards, please.  sorry, son.  you get your next allowance in three weeks.  you can buy them then.   there's precipitation in providence.  but i'm the only one in school without them.  and you know why.  because i'm fiscally irresponsible.  because you're too smart to follow the "in" crowd.  that's why it's time you started down your own path of glory in the exciting world of...  what. what..  stamp collecting.   my dad started this for me when i was your age.  where else can you find famous haircuts of the 19th century.  well, not on yugottago cards.  or, my personal favorite, heroic doggies of the civil war.  : wow.  here, son, remember: enjoy them, but respect them.  they're a piece of history that can't be replaced.  : i'll be careful.  thanks, dad.  you forgot your album.  right.  listen to my words, jonathan.  you tell that chain of stores, if they don't meet my demands they can say sayonara to yugottago cards and sayonara to their customers.   and you.   how could you run up a cell phone bill like this.  now, i could give you a long, drawnout lecture, but i have a zillion phone calls to make.  you're not going to ground me, are you.  in that amusement park you call a bedroom.  fat chance.  you, young lady, are going to be responsible for cleaning the house for a whole week.  now give me your phone.  my...  phone.  oh, please.  not the phone.  what if it's an emergency.  like i'm late for class and don't know what time it is.  well, that's what a watch is for.  a phone is for talking and taking digital pictures.  it's about time )