 and four is so nancy drew.  this will give us a chance to catch up on all the latest gossipwho hates who, who likes who, wholikelikes who.  charlotte: yoohoo.  over here, honey.  what are you doing here..  you never pick me up.  aand what happened to your fine german touring car.  i'm a fulltime mommy now, remember.  and nothing says mom like minivan.  could you punch the biological clock tomorrow.  i've got plans.  but the motherdaughter folk dance lessons start today.  folk dancing.   i know, you're worried about what to wear, but i've already taken care of that.   i made costumes with my own two mother hands.   .  . .  wow.  new koolaid fun fizz.  drop it. watch it. drink it.  charlotte: i've got a chilicheesedogonastick coupon.  oh, i knowmaybe i filed it under "stick, chili cheese dog on a..." i say we ditch her.  you'd ditch your own mother.  wait a minute.  did i just say that... about you.  i know it doesn't look like she's going through a hard time, but she is.  you've got to be there for her.  easy for you to sayyou're not the one stuck going to motherdaughter pottery glazing, motherdaughter still life painting, motherdaughter macram.  oh, come on, it's not that bad.   you're wearing that in public.  and ask me if i've found out what darryl said yet.  go ahead, ask me.  you haven't.  you said it, sister.  i can't pin brianna down long enough to get her to talk.  hey, i know.  why don't you throw a sleepover.  they're, like, total blab fests.  and i could have it on friday.  my parents won't be homethey have courtside seats to some game with a ball in it.  charlotte: eat up, angelica.  i don't want to be late for our motherdaughter scrimshaw lessons.    goodbye.  man : huh. what.  is this the pickles' residence.  o.  what's with the hair.  i've never seen it so plasticlike.  rachel's coming over, and this time, i'm not taking any chances.  i've got 17 hours of cryinganddying movies.  what girl could say no to that.   i got it, i got it.  no one get near it, it's mine.  hey.  hey. nice hair.  ready to go.  you bet.  just let me say hi to your mom first.  hello.   : you know what's going to happen now, don't you.  nothing, that's what.  she's never going to come out of there again, just like the last three times she came over.  what do they do in there.  i don't know.  just talk, i guess.  just talk.  weird.  i don't get girls.  maybe that's why i don't get girls.  man, if dil had been a girl like he was supposed to be, maybe mom would have somebody to do nothing with besides rachel.  girl a, me.  proof some see to like i'd.  tommy: the doctor said you were supposed to be a girl.  mom even had a name picked out and everything.  "dililah".  brianna: pretty edgy of you throwing a party without parental supervision, angelica.  they'll be gone for hours, so we can do whatever...  what do you think you're doing.  uh, nothing.  you can't fool meyou're having a slumber party.  okay, guilty, and you're supposed to be courtside, just like the last 10,000 fridays in a row.  well, those were company tickets and they stayed with the company, along with my expense account, corner office...  i've got a great idea.  why don't i go put on my jammies and i'll join you.  angelica: no.  uh, i mean, isn't there sewing or ironing you're dying to do.  or how about looking for a job.  on a friday night.  i wouldn't miss out on all this girl bonding stuff for all the hostile takeovers in china.  plus, after years of office work and some creative coupon cutting, i'll be able to put together some pretty impressive party favors.  uh... what's with the dress.  jumper.  it's a dress, as in "why are you wearing one." it's the answer to both our problemsi'll do the girl thing so mom won't hang out with rachel and i won't lose mom.  if it's a daughter she's been apinin' for all these years, then it's a daughter she's gonna get.  great, i lost a girlfriend and gained a sister.  let me help, mom.  and, by the way, i'd love to watch that movie, cowhide,with you after dinner.  it'ssand tide,uh...  what a cute jumper.  told ya.  oh, i get it: first it was the backwards phase. now it's the opposites phase.  so i guess i made your favorite, lima beans.  : oh, just what i always wanted, something to go with the black threehole punch i just got.  want to trade the stapler for five pounds of frozen ground chuck.  uh... no.  i don't even know what ground chuck is.  wow, a giant box of dryer sheets.  okay, girls, what's next.  do each other's hair.  talk about guys.  practice kissing our pillows.  sleep.  this is a sleepover.  let's hit the hay.  don't be sillyit's far too early for bed.  we could always staple something.  neat idea, brianna, but i searched the web earlier and came up with truth... or dare.  that could be interesting, mrs. pickles.  oh, good. i'll go first. i want truth.  and by all means, girls, call me charlotte, or better yet, "char."  okay, char...  what was angelica's most embarrassing moment.  try this one.  i gave everything to that company, and this is how they repay mewith a free stapler and a kick in the designer pants.    you can't leave.  the game's called truth or darehellonot dumping baggage.  wait a minute, brianna, are you ditching before it's your turn.  all right, truth.  what did darryl say about me the other day.  forget it, i'll take the dare.  i dare you to stay with my mother all night.  all those unethical business practices...  those shady backdoor deals i did.  i know where the bodies are buried.  oh... he said he liked younow i'm going.  yes.  oh, honey, i ruined your sleepover.  doesn't matter.  didn't you hear.  darryl likes me.  now i can make my move when he plays at the club tomorrow.  well, it matters to me.  i want to get close to you.  and i think i finally found the way to do itsomething i did with my mother as a child, and i've never forgotten the experience.  an allday sailing clinic.  clear your schedulewe hit the high seas tomorrow.  tomorrow..  man: and whatever you do, don't let my floating on a seat cushion in the middle of the north atlantic for eight days deter you from the boating experience.  just remember, one man's hideous nightmare is another man's highspirited adventure.   charlotte: the eel swims around the coral into the tunnel, hits the anchor and goes belly up.  oh... oh, dear.  maybe he was supposed to swim under the coral.  who cares about a dumb eel.  darryl's band goes on in six hours, and it's going to take me two hours to get ready.  hey, gilligan.  enough of that yakyak.  when do we get in the boat.    hey, how are you.  are you talking to me.  what's with the attitude problem.  uh, what's with the "i don't have time to hang out with tommy "because i'm too busy hanging out with his mother" problem.  i'm... hanging out with you now.  oh, yeah, well, sure, now.  that's not the point.  if you're going to sulk just because i like your mom, i'm not sure we have anything more to say to each other.  that's fine, that's just fine.  okay... did we just have our first fight here.  charlotte: i can't tell what direction we're headed in.  i'm thinking the wrong one, because we've drifted off from everyone else.  well, give me a hand so i can hoist the sail.  i can'ti wasn't paying attention during that part.  i was working up unforced, easygoing patter between darryl's sets.  well, i was reapplying sun block to protect thousands of dollars of plastic surgery.  how hard can it be.   hang on.  gotcha, honey.    i'm going to pull you back down, sweetie.  so hang on tight.    i'm no expert, but i don't think a sail is any good when there's a big, gaping hole in it.  well, now, don't worry.  we'll get back for your party.  it's just a matter of time before we drift into a current and it sweeps us...  both: out into the middle of the ocean.  angelica: paddle.    what's that.  your next two weeks' allowance.  why aren't you over at rachel's.  i don't want to talk about it.  oh, dear, did you two have a fight.  was it about another boy.  no...  you.  huh.  ever since she came over, she's been spending all her time with you.  don't you think you're exaggerating a little.  ready for daughterly duty, mom.  i signed us up for fire camp girls.  "daughterly duty".  yeah, i know i was supposed to be a girl and how you've bonded with rachel.  well, look no furtheri'm the girl you always wanted.  oh, my...  dil, sit down.  yes, dil, it's true, your father and i did think you were going to be a girl.  but once you were born, we never looked back.  and i guess i owe you an apology.  i have been monopolizing rachel.  i guess it felt nice not being the only girl around here.  i never thought of it that way.  ugh, men...  trust me, no one would ever take the place of you boys in my heart.  uh... that's okay, mom.  we get it.  i'd better get out of this and call the other gals.  they were expecting me to bring the s'mores.  i got my brother back, but i don't think my girlfriend will ever talk to me again.  you don't know until you try.   we haven't..en... anywhere.  could it get any worse.   i can't take it anymore.  i can stand getting lost at sea or getting eaten by a shark, but i can't stand not making my move on darryl.  you've got to do something, mom.   i'm sorry, angelica, but i have no idea how to get us out of this.  but you're charlotte pickles, ferocious ceo.  you mean i was.  what's wrong with me.  ever since i was fired, i've totally lost my confidence.  i can't even get motherhood right.   you mean, you lose your confidence, too...  like me.  well, get over it.  now is not the time.  listen, did i let anything stop me from finding out what darryl said about me.  no.  know who i got that "i'll stop at nothing" gene from.  me.  the way to get us out of this is in you somewhere, mom...  what are you looking at..  angelica, hand me my bag.  i've got some dental floss in there.  flossing. that's your fix.   and didn't i tell you i'd get you back in time for the party.  i can't go looking like this.  discouraged by a sunburn and a couple of chapped lips.  get over it.  ow, burn.  the neck, the neck.   look, i just want to say this boygirl stuffit's, like, all new to me.  i mean, i get the boy stuff because i'm a boy.  but the girl stuff...   sometimes i don't know what i'm saying.  i do.  you want to come in for a grilled cheese sandwich.   angelica: move, out of the way.   move it.  out of the way.  angelica, why are you so late.  sunburn... and blisters.  point takenout of my way.  i've got business to take care of.    hey.  darryl, i know you like me, and i like you.   i did it. i'm back.  what'd she say.  woman : you don't know what a friend you are to me, danielle.  i wouldn't have made it without you.  i know i was the famous one, but you...  if you ever tell anyone i cried over these movies, i'll tell everyone you wore a dress.  jumper.  woman: i'll love her like she's my own, jordan.   m(] (] >0y >0y m >@0y >0y >0y >0y >0y pxy8p pxy80xy8xy xxy(] . every birthday,my mom and dad would say .  . you're another year older,another year wiser .  . but i still go to school, to get an education .  . i treat eachand every day .  . like a mini vacation .  .all grown up.  . i really wantto shout it out .  .all grown up.  . i want the world to know .  .all grown up.  . i really want to shout it out .  .all grown up.  . with you .  . all grown up with... you. .  captioning sponsored by mtv television networks yes.  yes. yes.  okay, bro, how many times have you scoffed at my shadowy network of underground contacts.  well, they finally paid off.  big time.  what are you doing.  can't you see i'm trying to operate.  without anesthesia.  are you insane, man..  it's already dead.  i can see you're really beating yourself up inside.  dil.  okay. deep breath.  bro, i got my hands on a real life alien autopsy video.  apparently, you can see everythinghis lungs, his kidneys, all three hearts, and this gooey, veiny, pulsating thing that i've taken the liberty of naming a "sploink." so, it's okay to cut up an alien, but dissecting a frog is wrong.  don'ruin my moment with your cold logic.  i had to pull some serious strings to get this tape.  well, i hate to break it to you, but these things are fake.  give me a little credit, t.  i got this one from a high schooler.  tenth grade.  eleventh.  oh.  and we are watching it tonight.  mom won't let us watch scary stuff.  lucky for us, mom and dad are going to an invention convention all weekend.  you're right.  grandpa lou is coming over.   some warm milk, the relaxing sound of gunfire from his favorite western.  he'll be passed out on in front of the television by 8:00, drool on the recliner by 8:30.  and we're the only ones who know about this, right.  we have to keep this on the low.  just you and me, bro.  hey, dudes.  ready for the ultimate alien experience.  dil.  maybe i told one person.  so, okay, two people.  but they say twins are like spiritual halves, so, theoretically, it's still just one.  okay, fine.  so it's just me, dil, phil, and lil.  hey, guys.  aah, chuckie, don't tell me.  you want to see the alien autopsy video.  you guys got an alien autopsy video.  count me out.  i'm terrified of aliens, doctors and tools.  why. are you all watching it.    coming.  you have all the emergency numbers.  oh, let's see.  nine, one, uh...  what was that last number again.   and tommy, i'm counting on you to keep your little brother out of trouble.  no problem, mom.  which means bed by 9:00, and nothing inappropriate on television.  ah, it sure is nice to kick back after a busy day of writing angry letters to the soap company.  i scrub and scrub, but i never feel clean.   oh,gunfight at tumbleweed lane.  that's a classic.   ew.  rest your dogs in this highly relaxing mixture of hot water, epsom salts and cucumber slices.  this is great, boys.  i feel like a king.  just let the cares of the world slip away, grandpa.  slip away, slip away.  uh, slip away... slip away...   operation eyecrust is a success.  you have the tape.  it's in my pants.  didn't ask where.   oh, no. i told them not to ring the bell.  they'll ruin everything.  grandpa boris.  ah, boychics.   what are you doing here.  yeah, what's hedoing here.  me.  what areyou doing here.  watching my grandsons.  i'm here to watchmygrandsons.  stu called me, louis.  lou: oh, yeah.  well, didi called me, and the name's lou.  ah. well, i'll call you what i always call you.  shmendrick.  that's it.  now my blood is up.  how are we gonna watch the tape with two grandpas here.  they'll never fall asleep.  their blood is up.  well, i guess we'll just have to wait until the middle of the night, then sneak downstairs.  there's something i forgot to tell you.  we only have the tape until 10:00.  what.. when were you gonna tell me that.  at the last possible moment.  dil.  you'll just have to smooth talk grandpa boris into going home.  i'd do it, but i don't speak old person.  i can't get the...  : ...sound.    um, listen, grandpa boris, i'm sure you got better things to do on a friday night than baby sit a couple of kids.  that's right.  so, just mosey on home, and don't let the door hit you on the way out.  okay, i'll go home, but i expect to be reimbursed for gas and mileage.   see. he knows who's better at taking care of kids. )