 do you see the magic cup forest.   si, alli esta.  come on, let's get the big red chicken's magic wand back.  so i can get big again.  ..]  we're in magic land today    where magicians come to play    to make the magic happen    there's a word we gotta say   "  abracadabra    abracadabra    abracadabra    look at those kids, their rings got stuck    we can help them.  let's see if our magic word can change their luck.   say "abracadabra"    abracadabra   dora:  abracadabra   boots and chicken:  abracadabra    look at the bird sitting all alone    i'm sure we can help him.  maybe we can give him a friend of his own.  ..   abracadabra    abracadabra   boots:  abracadabra   dora and chicken:  abracadabra    you're really good at magic.   ooh, i see the forest, i see the forest.  dora: big red chicken, watch out.  i fell down the hole.   help.  i can't reach him, dora.  we need something to get him out of the hole.  i bet we have something to pull him out in my backpack.  " ..]  backpack, backpack    backpack, backpack    i'm the backpack, loaded up with things and knickknacks, too    anything that you might need    i've got inside for you    backpack, backpack    backpack, backpack    hola,dora needs something she can use to pull the big red chicken out of the hole.  can she use coins to pull the big red chicken out of the hole.  no.  can she use a magic rope to pull the big red chicken out of the hole.   yes, she can.  smart thinking.  yumyumyumyum,delicioso.  dora, that rope is too short.  this is a magic rope, boots.  we've gotta save the magic word to make itreallylong.  what's the magic word.  abracadabra.  ..   thanks for helping me get out of the hole.  we made it to the magic cup forest.  dora, we have to get past these cups to get to bunny hill.  these are magic cups, so there must be some trick.  boy: dora, boots.  hey, that's my friend, najim.  he likes magic tricks, too.  maybe he can help us.  hi, najim.  we have to get to bunny hill but the cups are blocking our way.  these are very special egyptian magic cups.  my grandfather taught me this trick in egypt.  each cup has a ball inside.  peekaboo, peekaboo.   to make the cups move out of the way we have to make the balls disappear.  how, how.  we have to clap to make the balls disappear.  cups, do your trick.  when you see a ball, clap.  clap.  the ball jumped to one of the other cups.  there, clap faster.  clap really fast if you see three balls.  ..  and the cups moved out of the way.  that's so cool, najim.  that's a really neat trick.  thanks for helping us, najim.  you're welcome, and good luck finding your magic wand, big red chicken.  ..  we made it past the magic cup forest.  ..] where do we go next, dora.  ..  ..  ..  we went through the castle, check.  past the forest, check.  where do we go next.   bunny hill, right.  do you see bunny hill.   si, alli esta.  come on, let's get the big red chicken's magic wand back.  so i can get big again.  look, bunny hill.  i'm gonna give the bunny his bow tie and he'll give me my wand.   hey, that sounds like swiper the fox.  that sneaky fox is always trying to swipe our stuff.  " whoop.  you see swiper.  zoop.  where.  yeah, there he is.  he's going to try to swipe the bow tie.  we needyourhelp to stop swiper.  " say it with us.  swiper, no swiping.  swiper, no swiping.  swiper,noswiping.  oh, man.  yay, we stopped swiper.  oohoohahah.  come on.  bunny hill, bunny hill.  i'm gonna get my magic wand back.  hey, where did the bunnies go.  hmm, i think the bunnies are inside the hill.  we need to find a door.  do you see a door.   si, alli esta.  open, door, open, door.  que.  oh, the door speaks spanish.  what do i say, dora.  " " can you say"abre, puerta".  " abro.  si.  thanks.  dora, there are so many bunnies.  how do i findourbunny.  you have the bunny's bow tie so we need to find the bunny without a bow tie.  chicken: which bunnydoesn't have a bow tie.   that one, right.  ooh,llegaste.  toma tu varita.  ooh, my wand.  and i have your bow tie.  mi corbata, mi corbata.  gracias.   ..  dora: uhoh, he can't fit through the door now.   ..  i think i'm stuck.  i needyourhelp to get out of the hill.  put your hand out in front of you and wave your wand.  wave your wand, wave your wand.  " ..] wow,regresaron.  que bueno.  i'm big again, i'm big again.  thanks for helping me.  hooray.  we made the big red chicken big again.  ..] we did it.  ..]  we did it, we did it    we did it, yay   lo hicimos    we did it   dora:  we found the missing seven of hearts for the queen    we did it, we did it, we did it, hooray   boots:  and made the balls disappear with our friend, najim    we did it, we did it    we did it, we did it    the big red chicken was a little red bird    but we helped him out with a magic word   what's the magic word.   abracadabra   say it again.   abracadabra   say it louder.   abracadabra   one more time.   abracadabra   yay.  ooh, hooray.  we did it.   we had such an exciting trip today.  what was your favorite part of the trip.  i liked that, too.  my favorite part was when we clapped and made the balls disappear with najim.  my favorite part was seeing all the bunnies in bunny hill.  my favorite part was when i got big again.   and we couldn't have done it without you.  thanks for helping.  gracias.  .xxk 3hphxk 3hxzxi. zxi.hph(] (]       h<ip$h<ip$h<ip$h<ip$h<ixth<ixth<ixth<ixth<i h<i h<i h<i h<i h<i h<i h<i h<0i h<0i h<0i h<0i h<0i h<hi h<hi h<hi h<hi h<hi h<hi h<] h<0] h<0] he0] he0]8he0]8he0]8he0]8he0]8he0]8hhe0]8hhe0]8hhe0]8hhe0]8hhe0]8hhe0]8hhe0] 8@hp8@hp8@ ] generation has discovered a scientific breakthrough.  the probiotics like those in breastmilk can be found in gerber good startprotect plus formula.    welcometo the gerber generation.  ] says, " gerber yogurt blends.  delicious and nutritious yogurt for babies and yogurt snacks for toddlers.   welcome tothe gerber generation.  . .  your ready essencesprayon cream.  its newformula is enriched withessential oils and it effectivelyremoves hair, leaving your skintouchably smooth with a delicate rose scent.  veet. what beautyfeels like.  calling all umis.  team umizoomi.   1, 2, 3, 4    umi    zoomi    umi    umizoomi, umizoomi    in a world that's not so far away    umi city    you can count on us to save the day   all: yay.   umizoomi, umizoomi    we can measure    build it together    you can help us    you're so clever    we've got mighty math powers   all:  you can call us any hour    baba da, baba da, baba da    we are a tiny team    baba da, baba da, baba da    we go behind the scenes    baba da, baba da, baba da    there's nothing we can't do   milli. geo.  bot.  and you. and you.  hi, it's me, milli.  we're meeting our friend anna for a picnic at her school today.  we're gonna have lunch outside.  hey, do you want to come to the picnic with us.  oh, good.  loo i'm packing all the stuff we need into this picnic basket, like plates and cups and some forks.  and fruit salad.  we should definitely bring a fruit salad.  great idea, geo.  do you like fruit salad.  great, you can help me make it.  i'll tell you what fruit we need, and you can find it in the fridge.  the first fruit we need is shaped like a circle.  which fruit is shaped like a circle.  the orange. thanks.  here you go, bot.  ha, ha. score.  thanks, geo.  keep the fruit coming.  we need more fruit.  which fruit is shaped like an oval.  that one, the kiwi.  kiwi.   ooh, got it.   now, which fruit is shaped like a crescent.  the banana. thanks.  here comes a banana.   tada.  one delicious fruit salad ready to go.  yum. great.  now we have everything we need.  what about the sandwiches.  don't worry, geo.  anna has all the sandwiches, and she's bringing a thermos full of lemonade for us to drink.  mmm, lemonade.  bloop.  listen.  bloop.  it's the umi alarm.  that sound means someone needs our help.  when someone has a problem in umi city, ..  all: mighty math powers.  we're team umizoomi.  we can find out who needs our help right here on my bellybelly.  all: bellyscreen.  it's anna.  hey, anna. we're all ready for the picnic.  but, team umizoomi, something terrible has happened.  what's wrong.  the sandwiches and the lemonade i brought for our picnic are missing.   what happened.  i had everything in my backpack when i left the house this morning, but when i got to school, my backpack was open.   my lunchbox with the sandwiches and my thermos with the lemonade are gone.  yikes.  they must have fallen out of my backpack somewhere on my way to school.  anna, if you tell us all the places you went on your way to school, we'll go back and look for them.  okay, let's see.  this morning before school, i waited on my front porch and played with ..   until the bus came to pick me up.  then i got on the bus, sat in my special seat, seat number 2, and rode the bus to school, but when i got off the bus, i saw my backpack was open and all my stuff was missing.  okay, anna.  now that we know all the places you went on your way to school, we can go look for your lunchbox and your thermos.  thanks, team umizoomi.  if we don't find that lunchbox and thermos, we won't be able to have our picnic today.  we're really gonna need your help.  will you help us find anna's lunchbox and thermos.  you will.  umirrific.  yes. yeah.  now you're on team umizoomi with us.  we'll call you umi friend.  hello, umi friend.  welcome to the team.  let's get our mighty math powers ready.   i'm millie    i can make any pattern    with my dress   ..    butterflies    pattern power    i'm geo    i can build anything    with my shapes    triangle    oval    super shapes    i'm bot    i can show you anything    on my bellybelly bellyscreen    skyscraper    taxi    traffic light   umi friend. that's you.  you've got mighty math powers too.  let's see your mighty math powers.  count down with me.  start with 5.  5, 4, 3, 2, 1.  all:  you've got mighty math powers    mighty, mighty math powers   you got 'em.   you've got mighty math powers    team umizoomi    ready for action   now our mighty math powers are ready.  we've got to find that lunchbox and thermos.  let's get to anna's house fast and start looking.  we can take umi car.  millie.  geo.  bot.  whoa. whee.  whee. whoa.   let's take the umi   umi car   all: umi car.  beep. beep.  umi car, we need to get to anna's house fast.  vroom. vroom. vroom.  all: go, umi car. beep. beep.  to anna's house.  hold on to your helmets.  whee.  we're on anna's street.  anna lives at house number 10.  " 10.  that's anna's house. see.  that's her front porch where she waits for the bus.   and there's buster.   come on.   hey, buster.  hey, boy. what a nice doggy.  oh.  thanks for the kiss.  listen, buster, anna lost her lunchbox and her thermos on the way to school today.  and we need to find them in time for our picnic.  will you help us, buster.   good boy.  buster is a super smart dog.  he knows how to say yes and no in dog language.  do you want to help me talk to buster.  great.  one bark means no, and two barks means yes.  buster, do you know where anna's thermos is.  arf. arf.  did he say yes or no.  yes, buster knows where the thermos of lemonade is.  good boy.   is the thermos somewhere on the porch, buster.  arf.  what did he say. )