 now i can see why she's so unhappy.  this room just screams "generic girl." what she needs is something that screams "kimi." screams.  you're scaring me, chuck.  i know. she likes movies.  chuckie: no, tommy,youlike movies.  i got it.  she really likes animals.  chuckie: yes, but she really likes themalive.  i know exactly what she'd likesomething artsy with big arched windows and a skyline view.  are you suggesting we build a skyline, too.   i got it.  a swinger's lounge.  it's hip, it's cool.  it screams "i'm not a baby, baby." chas: what are you doing in kimi's room.  uh, looking for kimi.  all of you.  she walked to the store.  well, we're leaving now.  uh, big ballroom dance competition.  we'll be back at 8:00 tonight.  come on, kira, let's rumba.  slow, slow, quickquick, slow.  slow...  : slow.  kira: ow.  okay, guys, we got one day to transform this room into a hipster lounge.  first we have to empty this place.  everybody grab something.  this is working out well.  i don't get it.  how do we make cool stuff out of this junk.  ingenuity, my man.  we can turn this upsidedown and make it into a groovy swag lamp.  we can rip up kimi's old stuffed animals and use the fur to make accent pillows.  did i just say "accent pillows".  cover it with this old shower curtain and make a cool cappuccino bar.  but what about kimi.  she'll be back from the store any minute.  someone will have to keep her busy all day.  angelica: keepwhobusy all day.  angelica, what are youdoing here.  finster's dad asked me to keep an eye on you preteens.  but you're more irresponsible than any of us.  i know, but i'm a great tattler.  so, finster, cough it up.  kimi's been low, so we're redoing her room.  it's a surprise, like on one of those makeover shows.  oh, i love those shows.  i watch them all the time, so i'm kind of an expert and i say moroccan chic, so i'll need some raw silk and a camel.  you heard me: get cracking.  : tommy.  tommy: you know, angelica, it's great that you want to help and all, but you know what would be really good.  i'm not chipping in a dime.  no, no, not that.  we need someone to keep kimi busy all day, so she doesn't find out about the surprise.  uhhuh.  i know what you're trying to do, pickles.  i'm not going anywhere.  that's a relief, because you could help with the heavy lifting.  heavy what.  don't you have one of those hunky guys in a tshirt to do all the work, like on those shows.  you're looking at him,mamacita.   okay, i'm ready.  what.  the zen tea house.  you invited me.  three months ago.  then we'd better hurry, we're late.  ah.  tadah.  wow, that sure is some yellow.  chuckie: it's "new horizons" and it is the hottest color going.  chuckie: the kid with the blackheads at the hardware store told me.  so grab a roller.  i'm no expert, but don't you think we should put down drop cloths first.  uh, we don't have time for that.  we'll be careful.  ah.  oh, sorry.  tommy, why don't you paint.  phil, you could start on the cappuccino bar.  i'll rip open those stuffed animals.  new horizons.  please tell me you're not painting kimi's room with that.  why not.  big mistake.  according to the bagwa, the left hand 1/9th of this space is kimi's prosperity center.  bagwa. prosperity center.  what are you talking about.  feng shui, t.  usually i catch on to what he's saying within a couple of sentences, but this time he's totally got me.  it's the ancient art of design to increase your positive energy flow, and i'm telling you, you put yellow on that wall and kimi's energy flow is glowing negative.  i have purple.  purple's goodand you'll need wind chimes, and some kind of running water.  we don't have wind chimes and running water.  you don't want death and destruction for this room, do you.  this is insane.  don't listen to him.    i don't know about the chimes, but we have an old toilet we could make into a fountain.  phil: okay, just a smidge to the right.  no, now the left.  okay... no.  yes. no.  philip, now you decide to become a perfectionist.  we will never get this done.  okay, that's good.   ah, no, no, it's all wrong.  take it off, we got to start again.   problem.  i'll say.  my back hurts, my foot's asleep, and these bath mats we're squatting on are prickly.  they're called tatami.  so what's that.  japanese for buttburn.  and what's with raking these pebbles.  back and forth, back and forthwhat's the point in that.  it's relaxing.   well, if you ask me, it's too peaceful.  this place will need to kick it up to stay in business.  if you really feel this way, let's go home.  what.. no. you... you can't.  why not.  uh... i haven't finished my extremely bitter tea yet.  oh, that's it, i'm going.  bye.    ow, my tongue.  i burnt my tongue.  the tea's lukewarm.  : so sore... so sore.  : so sore.  tommy: so, how's it going in here, lil.  well, pretty darn good, tommy.  we've decided to hide our paint accident by painting the entire carpet yellow.  tommy: pretty gutsy move, lil.  and i see you've put up chimes.  they're chuckie's old retainers.  we improvised.  chuckie: okay, everybody, check this out.  look what i found in the atticmy dad's old records.  we're going to glue them all over this wall.  you sure your dad doesn't want those records.  please. he doesn't use them.  they just sit in these old, special museumquality dustresistant jackets all day.  hey, nice chimes.  very shui.  uhoh, black circlesvery unshui.  oh, not this again.  do you want kimi to get footandmouth disease.  you mean i can't put these up.  only if used in a number divisible by 13 and facing southeast.  or if you give me this captain and tennille double album, i...  come on, tommy, let's do it.  doctor: uhhuh, uhhuh.  i don't see a thing.  are you blind..  my tongue is on fire.  blah.  uhhuh.  well, it does look a bit peculiar.  i'd better get a consult.  wha.... huh..   did you know last week was children's day in japan.  that mirrorgive it to me.  ah....  every year my dad sends me a present.  a stuffed animal, a pretty pink pony.  this year. nothing.  bumpy, pinknothing peculiar to me.  he forgot about me.  probably because he and my new stepmom had a baby.  hold it.  back up.  is that why you've been acting all aggro lately.  i guess i don't rank as daddy's little girl anymore.   oh, brother.  man, that looks hot.  you know, it adds a texture and a presence to the room it didn't have before.  man, it is catching.  come on, let's go get the rest of the stuff.   they're stuck.  the paint on the carpet must have dried while we stood here.   uhoh.  okay, guys, whatever you do, don't...   pull.  now what are we going to do.  dil: only one thingtodo.  pull up this whole carpet.  holes in the carpets suck the positive energy right out of the room.  we can't pull up the whole rug.  well, then i'd suggest putting a little ceramic frog by the door for luck, and hope this place doesn't become one big portal for evil.  dil.  phil: guys.  wow, phil, that's incredible.  i know.  you want to give me a hand getting her in here.    chuckie: phil, it's too big.  didn't you measure the doorway first.  who thinks that way.  guys, if i may make a suggestion.  all: no.  let's stay calm.  we can figure this out.  we still have time to pull this thing together.   doctor: well, good news.  your tongue is perfectly fine.  of course it's fine.  whoever said it wasn't.  we'll send your parents the bill.  you've been released.  let's go home, angelica.  now.  but we still have two hours to kill.  what are you talking about.  okay, let's go.  ow, ow, ow.  oh. ankle, ankle, ankle.   this isn't working.  we'll have to cut it in half.  no....    hello.  mayday, maydaykimisan is incoming.  and don't come back until you have a compound fracture.  everybody, they're on their way.  we'll never get this place together in timelook.  he will be longing for the days when kimi didn't talk to him, because she isso going to kill him.  fineyou guys can call yourselves designers, but i call you quitters.  if i have to do everything myself, i'm going to give kimi the room she deserves.  you can't do this all by yourself.  yeah, i know.  then we'll split up.  phil, break down the bar and move it in here.  lil, take some plants from the backyard to cover up those carpet holes.  i'll staple those records back up.  whoa, whoa, whoa.  i have taken the liberty of making a feng shui diagram.  if we follow this perfectly, then good fortune will shine down on kimi.  but first we take a moment to get in touch with our higher spirit.   dil: guys.  guys..  kimi: don't you think we've spent enough time together.  no one's home and i really need someone tohelp me.  maybe if i laid down inyour room.  why are you shouting.  i am.  must be the pain talking.  all: surprise.   welcome to your hip, new swinger's pad.  so. what do you think.  : i hate it.  i'm sorry, kimi.  i can't believe you destroyed all my stuff.  but i thought you hated your room and that stuff.  why would you think that.  you said, "i hate my room and that stuff." oh.  well, i didn't mean it.  i was just mad at my dad for not sending me anything for children's day.  i've been pushed aside for a younger, cuter, pinker model.  uh, kimi, i just want you to know everything is going to be okay.  sure, and the sun will come out tomorrow.  blah, blah, blah.  no, i know exactly how you feel.  when your mom married my dad and you came to live with us, i was so mad, i tried to give you to the neighbors.  oh, yeah.  they gave me a cupcake.  i thought you were going to take my place.  i didn't know my dad had enough love for the both of us.  a heart isn't like a room with walls that can't moveit expands to let in as many people as it needs to.  wow, that's pretty deep.  did you make that up.  nah. i heard it on a design show.   the best part is i got a sister in the deal.  i wouldn't trade her for anything.  kimi: thanks.  um, chuckie, does dad know you stapled his rare record collection to the wall.  rare.  chas: kids, we're home.  dad.  dad.  happy children's day, kimichan.  i hope you weren't too upset waiting to get your present, but here it isa brand new baby sister.   oh, she's so tiny.  chuckie, just so you know, we weren't really taking ballroom lessons.  hiro asked us to help him find a place to live so they could stay a while.  wow, you really had me going there.  everybody, this calls for a celebration.  kira, you break out the tempura and i'll put on some music.    chas: what happened to my captain and tennille.  my record collection.   captioned by media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.or 8.h8p0@h 8.h8p0@'8.h8p0'xh8p0 h8p0h8p0 8h'@(]' @h' p@h' (](]hh'h tucker, voiceover: some people have a lot, and some people don't.  but everybody's got something.  me, i've got charm, good looks, and modesty.  my best friend danny.  he has something else.  two for me, two for you.  sounds fair.  danny and me have known each other since, like, forever.  and we share everything.  a genie in a bottle. i don't think so.  thanks, anyway.  please, mommy.  please, mommy, can i have some cotton candy, please, please, please, please.  i think you've had enough sugar today.  i want it. i want it. i want it.  and your heart's desire is my command.   cotton cantucker, voiceover: we share everything, except one thing.  i'm going ghost.  tucker, voiceover: danny's got superpowers.  i am desiree. what is your wish.  none of your business, candy pants.  surely, there must be something.  hey, get away.  aah.  what the heck.  what's going on.  is this a new ghost power.  tucker: that was slamming.  whatever that was, you got another power.  i guess.  man, see, that's the cool thing about your powers, man.  there's no down side.  give me 5.  aah.  i'm ok.   he's a phantom    danny phantom, phantom, phantom    yo, danny phantom, he was just 14    when his parents built a very strange machine    it was designed to view a world unseen    he's gonna catch 'em all 'cause he's danny phantom    when it didn't quite work, his folks, they just quit    but then danny took a look inside of it    there was a great big flash, everything just changed    his molecules got all rearranged    phantom, phantom    when he first woke up, he realized    he had snow white hair and glowing green eyes    he could walk through walls, disappear, and fly    he was much more unique than the other guys    it was then that he knew what he had to do    he had to stop all the ghosts that were coming through    he's here to fight for me and you    he's gonna catch 'em all 'cause he's danny phantom    he's gonna catch 'em all 'cause he's danny phantom    gonna catch 'em all 'cause he's danny phantom   ..   ..  tucker, voiceover: so, anyway, i guess the craziness really started at the game saturday night.  ahchoo. ahchoo.  i'm sick as a dog and i hate sports.  why am i here.  because danny's here and he's got the best seat in the house.  announcer: and now, everybody, here they are, your very own casper high ravens.  fill in for the mascot.  it'll be fun.  you'll meet cheerleaders.  aah.   hike.  aah. ugh.   this is pathetic.  our team's fading fast.  ahchoo.  me, too. i'm outta here. later.  man, we should get turned into the kind of monster who could crush these guys singlehanded.   huh.   aah.  oh, no.   it looks like those high protein breakfasts are really paying off.  do you believe this, danny.  dash is a beast.  and getting beastier.   holy mark mcgwire. look at those arms.  i think he's running on ghost power.  i need your help.  to kick some ghost booty.  sort of.  i'm in.   15. 25. 3. 2.  whoa. ghost energy's pretty strong.  but hopefully, ripe for the picking.  huh.  ..hike.  ugh.  back to the ghost zone for you, pal.  tucker, voiceover: danny had no problem getting that ghost out of dash.  but we lost the game, which was bad news for the guy filling in for danny, who was filling in for the guy who usually wears the mascot suitme.  man, every time danny goes ghost, i get the short end of the stick.  hey, guys. a raven pinata.  let's hit him until the candy comes out.  end of the line, gruesome.  aah.  whoa.  huh.  danny' dad: ahchoo.  who's that. somebody out there.  am i interrupting something that i hope i'm not.   your father and i are purifying ourselves of negative ghost energy.  ahchoo.  we're trying to richly expel any viral ghosts in our systems with the fenton ghost catcher. )