  uh, excuse me, ms. o'keats, i'm not sure i'm ready for a wife.  can't i just take home the class goldfish.  not a wife, charles.  for this special class, you will be known as "spouse one" and "spouse two." i have written half of the class's names on pieces of paper.  the other half will choose a partner from this greasy paper bag.  darryl, darryl, darryl.  angelica, angelica, angelica.  : angelica, angelica, angelica.  harriet..  who's harriet..   that's me.  great.   lesley kominsky.  there's no lesley in this class.  that's me.  fridge kominsky.   your name is lesley.   uh, nice name.  angelica: darryl, darryl, darryl....  susie carmichael..  angelica.  both: i can't be married to her.  sorryyou'll have to learn to live with your choices.  tomorrow we'll begin your fake life with a field trip.  now let's see what disappointments the world of employment has in store for you.  just keep it casual.  bye, mom.  well, we're off to school now...  like we do every morning.  yeah, here we go... to school.    you think i sounded nervous.  not at all... swamp thing.   it isn't fair.  darryl ends up being an internet zillionaire married to briana, a super model, while i'm a plumber married to a waitress with six kids.  chillaxit's not even real.  now, the junior presidential scholarship, that's real.  prestigious high school, elite music conservatoryi wow them with this speech today and i'm gold.  can't you put that on the floor.  uhuh, that laptop has the only copy of my speech on it.  it is staying where i can see it.  maybe i can still break them up before the wedding.  sit down.  five hours from now my life is going to change forever, and i don't want you messing with it.  so just hitch your caboose to the susie express and ride your way to an easy "a." o'keats: but before city hall and the marriage bureau, we will be visiting various shops to research wedding costs.  oh, and i'd like to thank principal pangborn for volunteering to chaperone today.   i thought we were going to the zoo.  now, why would i say "zoo".  part of our first "c," communication, is listening.  perhaps you'd like to cover this with the class.  no, i have to face forward or i ralph.  oh, how romantic.  so, uh, you want to be spouse one or spouse two.  uh, i know this is kind of awkward, me being the breadwinner and you having to raise our three kids, but i really think we can make this work.  : nah.   i always wanted to get married on a beach...  with bagpipes.  you're kiddingdo did i.  what's your favorite sandwich.  cucumber and onion...  both: on wheat.   angelica, hurry up.  we're not supposed to be trying these on.  oh, lighten up.  we can't afford this anywaynot on your crummy salary.  maybe if you took a night job.  it's not real.  o'keats: okay, everyone.  it's time to leave this graveyard of shattered dreams.  angelica, hurry.  uhoh.  quick, get me out of this.   i'm stuck.   ow, my nose, my nose.  stop complaining and suck in your head.  pangborn: finster, kominsky.  carmichael, pickles.  here.  here.   aah.  you know, for something so expensive, you'd think they could throw in a zipper.  oh, no.  they're gone.   well, i hope you're happy.   pangborn: and this is where you get your marriage licensethe first step in that amazing adventure called "life." fishing, fishing, fishing.  that's all you ever talk about.  i'm a fisherman.  and there's your fairytale ending.   i can't help feeling i've lost something.  where are susie and angelica..  angelica: i can't believe they left without us.  this downtown area's not good for combination skin.  stop whining, i got it wired.  we're supposed to meet our class for lunch by the horse statue, and there it is.  that's a horse.  it's modern artit's not supposed to look like what it is.  besides, how many horse statues could they have in one park.  they knew we were supposed to meet here.  how many horse statues can there be in one park.  we'll double back.  knowing angelica, she probably got caught up shopping.  i should have brought my cari have flares.  we are only minutes away from meeting the world's greatest soccer player.  ditching was the best idea you've ever had.  was that mom's car.  nowould you relax.  think about it: you could be at school now like the rest of the world.  whoa... actually, i think the rest of worldishere.  tommy: guys. hey, guys.  hey, tommy.  how did ditching go.  piece of cake. dil: yo, t.  dil, how'd you know i was ditching.  oh, i don't know...  frankly, i'm hurt you'd leave your little bro behind.  did i ever not invite you when i visited the fourth dimension.  i don't consider being thrown in a linen closet to smell your farts another dimension.  susie: i don't get itthey were supposed to be here for lunch.  this is a disaster.  tell me about it.  this kind of crisis could bring briana and darryl together.  don't you ever think about anything but you and your imaginary problems.  i need to get back to school for my interview.  you got any money.  lipstick, lip liner, lip brush, cell phone...  oh, cell phone, cell phone.  yes, way to go, angelica.  oh, no juice.  way to go, angelica.   wait a minute... my backpack...  where's my backpack.  oh. i had it right here.  where's my backpack..  so what.  your mom will buy you a backpack.  do you know how many backpacks i've lost by accident on purpose.  did any of them have a laptop in it with a threepage speech that was going to change your destiny.  no, but one had an emica key chain in it i really liked.  i left it at the bridal shop.  come on, we're going to go back.  forget it.  i'm waiting here for our class.  fine, i'm going.  you want to buy some stereo speakers.   a live ferret.  wait up.  they left here an hour ago.  an hour.. i don't think i can handle the stress.  does this look swollen to you.  i'll notify the authorities.  useless, just like arthur.  i don't get it.  why don't they have heads anymore.    hey, harold, i need your advice.  you're a fake psychiatrist.  how come fridge never listens to me.  you have to find a common interest.  ours is origami.    we're not lost.  that bridal store wait a minute, this tattoo parlor wasn't here before.  right, they just put it up an hour ago.  tattoo parlor.  hmm...   hey, sorry, we don't do piercings unless you're 18 or older.  listen, lady, i may look like i'm fresh off but i've been around the block.  trust me, i've seen it all.    uh, i don't suppose i could leave her here with you.  i'm a good boy... i'm a good boy...  i'm in a safe place.  no one can hurt me now.  knock it off.  yeah, phil, no one's going to catch us.  it's not like the security guys are paying attention.  they're busy scarfing down cheese on a stick.  security guys.  yeah, the ones watching all those surveillance cameras.   i'm a good boy.  i won't get in trouble.  i'm a good boy.    you know, for someone who's always mapping out their future, you have one lousy sense of direction.  fine, i'll ask someone, okay.  now, get off my back, woman.  excuse me, is there a bridal store...   excuse me, do you know...  everything is in korean.  really.  maybe that's why they call it korea town.  boy, i must be really hungry, because that duck hanging by its neck in that window is looking good.  oh, found a dollar.  yes.  there's a pay phone.  we can get the number for the bridal shop, tell them to hold my backpack, have them call the school.  the susie express is back on track.  mmm...  ever try kimchi.  it's not bad, and i got this whole thing for a dollar.  what.  what.  you just ate my future.  future, future, futurecan't you talk about anything else..  it wouldn't hurt if you thought about yours once in a while.  i think about my future.  do you know how long i spend every night laying out my clothes for the next morning.  this is getting us nowhere.  i believe it's time to use the three cscommunication, cooperation and compromise.  bossy. bigmouth.  i wish we never got married.  we didn't.   back off, sister.  i've got one hour to find my laptop and get to school and i am not going to let anything get in my way.  whoa.  : i can't take it.  i can't take it.   i can't take it anymore.    you might as well just bet me for that paper route right now, because my future is dead.  how's this sound: "would you like fries with that."  come on, susie, we'll get back.  i have a plaid mini i have to accessorize for tomorrow.  how do you do that.  do what.  skate through life focused on the most superficial things without any concern for the future.  we're 13.  it's our job.  you know, susie, you can plan every second of your life, but won't that be kind of boring.  all i'm saying is if you're only looking down the road, you'll never see the "half off" signs along the way.   i've got kimchi in my pocket and i'm not afraid to use it.  what are you two girls doing way out here.  do you know that bridal shop near the park.  oh, let's just go home.  sure, i know it.  i got my dress there.  want to see our wedding picture.  here you go.    there he is, phil.  there he is.  no names.  i told you it's rico.  what..  you can't.  sorry.  hey, just you hold on.  this is my sister.  she's his biggest fan.  she knows all his moves, she has all his posters...  shh, they'll figure out we ditched.  i don't care.  i am not leaving until she gets his autograph.  then neither are we.   oh, fine, this way.  thanks... rico.   the police have staked out the school.  they're sure the girls will turn up.  i keep seeing their little facesso alone and scared.  i feel so helpless.  you really care about these children, don't you.  i never realized what a sensitive, caring, bald man you are.  what can i say.  i have so much love to give.   help me.  help me.    i don't know anymore.  what do i have to do to reach you.  just once i'd like to hear, "how was the egg salad, chuckie." um, i'm sorry.  did... did you say something.  i'm deaf in this ear.  you're deaf.  sure, i thought everybody knew that.  look who you're talking to.  i'm not exactly in the loop.  wow, all this time i thought you were ignoring me.  chuckie, right.  yeah.  so, uh, how was your egg salad.    susie: we're fine.  mr. pangborn, they're here.  oh, joy.  i'd better get a lawyer for this.   you know, you don't have to agree with me on everything.  i feel the exact same way.  see. like that.  i'm moving out.  wow, i thought they'd be together forever.  you know, this marriage thing is a lot harder than it looks.  oh.  you know, angelica, i am glad we ended up together.  you taught me you have to enjoy the journey, not just the destination.  like if i hadn't gone into that tattoo parlor, we wouldn't be making it back in time for your interview right now.  uh, but we wouldn't have gone into that tat shop if you hadn't made us late in the first place.  we wouldn't have been late if you hadn't lost your old backpack.  i wouldn't have lost my backpack if your big head hadn't gotten stuck in that dress.  bigmouth. bossy.  i wish we never got married.  susie: we didn't.  did anybody call the police and tell them the girls were safe.  whoops. oh, well, we'll call when we get to school, mr. pangborn.  call me estes.  estes.  i am never going to wash this shirt again, or these socks, or these shorts.  maybe i just won't bathe.  i don't know why i got all aggro, man.  i knew we'd get away with it.  we are a lean, mean hooky machine.  all: yes.    okay, we ditched.  we admit it.  i'm sorry.  i'll never do it again.  i swear.  don't take me away.  he's a bad influence.  captioned by media xxhhpp8 hhhxkphhhxkphhxkhhxkhxkhxkhxkhxkhxk hxk hxk @xk @xk   with a superpowered mind, a mechanical canine     he rescues the day from sure destruction   help.   this is the theme song     for jimmy neutron.      judy: whew.  what a day.  i did the shopping, i reshingled the roof...  that's nice, dear.  yeah, that's great, mom.  hugh: mmhmm.  here are your dinners.  a ham and macaroni choochoo for hugh with cauliflower chimney smoke.  for jimmy, scallopini pfeffernuss with mashed potatoes in the shape of einstein's hair.  and for me, a sandwich.    jimmy, did you hook up your experiential hydraulic cuckoo clock to the downstairs toilet.  can you get that, mom.  i'm proving goldbach's prime number conjecture.   apparently, baby ducks follow the momma duck because her butt looks like a great big bread crumb.  judy: help. somebody.  if goldbach is true, every nonprime integer must be equidistant from two primes.  judy: my arm's been sucked into the ubend.   my sandwich.  no, thanks, mom, i'm full.  ah... well, off to my duck firstaid class.  tonight we're doing mouthtobeak resuscitation.  well, wait, who's going to walk goddard.   that is the last digdarn straw.  i'm tense and underappreciated and... and... sandwichless.  hmm...   something's wrong.  there's no juice in my hand.  and i don't smell waffles with meticulously syrupfilled dimples.  and there's something wrong with my bowl full of cereal.  there's nothing in it, dad.  that's it.  this isn't a bowl full of cereal. it's just a bowl of milkless air.  jimmy: mom.  are you going on a trip.  oh, you noticed.  well, since you asked, i'm going to a spa for a week to be pampered unmercifully.  hughsydoodles is confused.  i'm sick of being unappreciated and doing all the work around here.  here are the chores i do every week to keep this place up and running.  you two are going to have to do them while i'm gone.  goodbye.   whoa.  no mom for a week.  no one to tell us "your bath is ready".  or make us change clothes.  or make us leave the lab and come to dinner.  no one to tell us "you can't have pizza for every meal" or say, "hugh, put down that duck and talk to me for once." we're free men.  masters of our own destiny.  we rule this house.  we, uh... once we finish the chores.  oh. yeah.  what's the first one.  hugh: now, jimmy, )