 nue to run a clean race.  hmm.  izzy for safety comish.  vote for izzy.  no....  wrong vomit wheel. i didn't nominate izzy, sean did.  this is just beyond wacky.  i don't want to trashtalk him, but izzy has no business running.  he's not exactly the safest imaginary alien i've ever met.  nice button.  it is my duty to be supportive even if he's making a bad call.  what about me.  aren't we friends, too.  of coursebut i'm all izzy's got.  sure, he has tons of peeps, but i'm the only mother izzy's ever known.  oh, bummer.  i was trying to drum up some vomit to get out of a math quiz.  izzy wouldn't let me study.  "vomit wheel..." talk about false advertising.  i wouldn't go that far.   would someone please explain how this izzy thing got so out of control.  stop stressing.  when kids vote, they'll think twice about voting for someone who doesn't exist.  who are you voting for.  and if it's izzy, do me a favorlie.  both: you.  including me, that's three votes.  not bad, since i'm expecting a low voter turnout.  oh, and don't forget phil and lil.   guys, just checking that i've got your votes.  can't talk, in the middle of a game.  computer: game over, game over, game over.   sorry, chuckie, i just don't think you'd make a very good safety comish.  why not.  remember when you forgot to install brakes in your gocart and caused a 13car pileup.  or the time you freed my leech collection into the town pool..  or the time you wheelbarrowed me into an open sewer..  those were all accidents.  so, you'd rather have an imaginary safety commissioner than a real one...  if the real one is me..  let me put it this way: if i wanted to pursue a career in... ice dancing, i'd hope you'd be a good enough friend to stop me.  izzy's not sitting there, is he.  don't be ridiculous.  izzy's at a baseball game.   computer: game over, game over, game over.  where's izzy.  he's so busy these days, even i have to book him in advance.  you're cool if izzy hangs with me in boca for the summer.  he's afraid to ask you.  i am relocating to izzyfree territory.  oh, i didn't even see you.  happens all the time.  if you think about it, we're in the same boatwith a hole in it and likely to sink.  mmm... not quite.  apart from your resorting to dirty politics while i run a clean race, we're both up against the same allpowerful but nonexistent 800pound gorilla named izzy.  i may be quiet, but i'm not dumb.  i saw the writing on the wallthere's no way i'd win.  so i dropped out.  but i'll give my endorsement to izzy.   what is wrong with people..   as long as i have your attention, i'd like to bring something to your attention.  now that the race for safety commissioner is almost over, it's time someone tells it like it is...  or isn't.  did you know the one called "izzy" isn't listed in our school roster.  shocking. i knowbut there's more.  this doesn't live in town and, for the record, doesn't even exist.   kimi: it's not like we can take izzy down.  so we'll leave my speech as is and i won't even mention the imaginary jerk.  you are voting for me now.  no, we're just here for moral support.  chas: chuckie finster.  i think we all know these chores don't do themselves.  back in a few, guys.  you know how that thing works.  it's like a bike with a steering wheel...  and an engine...  and hundreds of sharp rotating blades.   if i'm elected, i promise that after the hallways have been mopped, they will be airdried.  what's my next line.      chuckie. watch out.  why does everyone look so freaked.  the roses aren't wrecked, just a little bent.  chuckie... you just ran over izzy.   past loves    they never got very far    walls up made sure i guarded my heart    and i promised    i wouldn't do this    til i knew it was right for me    but no one  no one    no guy that i met before    could make me  make me    feel so right and secure    and have you noticed .   i lose my focus    and the world around me disappears    'cause when i'm kissing you my senses come alive    almost like the puzzle piece i've been tryna find    falls right into place you're all that it takes    my doubts fade away when i'm kissing you    when i'm kissing you    it all starts making sense   lil: why didn't you watch where you were going.  i knew you couldn't be trusted with heavy machinery.  tommy: whoa, you guys, you're being a little hard on chuckie.  chuckie.. what about izzy.  goodbye, iz... we hardly knew ye.  i better check on dil.  i just want to be alone right now.  why is everyone mad at me.  all i did was ruin a stupid towel.  everyone's mad at me over something that's not even real.  i don't get it.  well, that's odd.  if memory serves, you once had an imaginary friend, too.  he seemed real to you just like izzy seems real to dil, your friends and every kid within the tristate area.  i was a baby.  there's no age limit on imagination, son.  ahh... oh, this one's going on the wall.  nice... horse.  how many baseball games do you plan on watching.  all: izzy loved baseball.  i hate to admit it, but i kind of miss the little imaginary guy.   oh,youdon't have to ring the bell.  in light of recent circumstances, it's best to be cautious.  i had my mom make this macandcheese casseroleizzy's favorite.  izzy and we... were tight.  chuckie: even though i don't believe the hype, i know you do.   and i'm really...   really...   really...   sorry.   truth is, i had an imaginary friend when i was youngera lot younger than you arebut some kids mature faster than others.  i hope you can forgive me.  i'm not mad at you.  you're not..  noit was an accident after all, and kids are starting to get over it.   i miss him so much.   nice going, finster.  thanks for ruining our fun.  you did it on purpose so you could win.  it was an accident.  in that case, you lost all credibility as potential safety commissioner.  i liked you better quiet.  i'd like us all to take a moment of silence to honor our beloved izzymay he rest in pieces.  i think i'll take my moment inside my locker.  oh, man.  don't worry, we can get new posters up by lunch.  i'm dropping out of the race.  but chuckie, you're the only candidate, you can't lose.  sure i canizzy's still on the ballot.  and how pathetic would it be if i got beat by an imaginary alien friend who really, reallydoesn't exist.  is this going to work.  we got to do something to help chuckie.  heads up, poncho.  over here, izzy's cousin poncho.  sean: dudes, you should be ashamed.  it's like when my dad bought me a new goldfish the day after the old one ran awayuncool.  now, what do we do.  there's only one person who can help.  oh, i come to you in desperation.  the izzy thing's gone out of control and left chuckie in its wake.  you're the only one who can help.  can't hear youyou'll have to come up.  handhand, footfootit's easy.  yeah, right.  handhand, foot...   dil, you've got to do damage control on this izzy sitch.  why me.  because you started it.  i know you feel bad, but so does chuckie, and imaginary friends are a lot lower in priority than real fleshandblood ones.   what do you want me to do.  handhand, footfoot.  admit to the world izzy doesn't exist.  you ask too much.  whoa...  as your big bro, it's my duty to dole out a chunk of wisdom sometimes, so here it is...  handhand, footfoot.  i already know that.  no, not that, this: chuckie's been your friend for a long time and he'd do anything for you.  but now, his future's in your... handhand,   floor.  i, for one, miss izzy something awful.  and i'd like to express it in poem.  "never saw ya, never will, i miss ya, friend of dil, "i've but one regret to mention, sorry i gave you detention."  fellow students, we are here to honor our beloved amigo and confidant, izzy, who was more to me than just...  a friend.  izzy was the best imaginary alien friend a kid could ask for.  but that's just ithe wasn't real.  : he was merely a figment of my imagination.  the cold, hard facts, people...  i faked it.  there never was, never will be an izzy.  well, duh.  the truth. it hurts.  it hurts like nails.  but if izzy did exist, i think he'd want chuckie finster as our new safety commissioner.  and with that, i leave you.  we all know izzy wasn't real, but i liked having him around.  and now i have to find a real date to fall formal.  would it be uncool to admit that i'm going to miss that imaginary freak.  way uncool.  good thing i didn't say it, then.   thanks for saving my butt, dil.  what are friends for.  i can't believe this izzy thing was all an act.  no, bro, thatwas the act.  izzy pulled through, but i had to get him out of the electionhis ego was out of control.  and mostly, i didn't want to share him anymore.  everyone else misses him now that he's gone. i missed him when he wahere.  but he's still here, right.  and he's going to make a full recovery.   i can't believe i just asked that.  you did, and you care, don't you.  i do.  so, where is he... izzy.  he's sitting in the back.  the ego on that imaginary guy.   captioning sponsored by the u.s. department ip qhnhq got to blast.   into the stars, goin' by candy bar's    rides a kid with a knack for invention     with superpowered mind, a mechanical canine     he rescues the day from sure destruction   help.   this is the theme song     for jimmy neutron.      captioning sponsored by theand mtv television networks jimmy: hmm, looks like my time accelerator works exactly as i planned.   i can't believe it, sugar booger.  to get to seeducksthe greatest musical ever made.   when you're a duck, you're a duck all the way    from the first time you quack    till the last egg you lay.    when you're a duck you live in a blind    with a little o'range and some fresh melon rind.    ducks...    the musical.   judy: now, jimmy.  while we're out tonight, no inviting anyone over, no experiments, and no intergalactic travel.  don't worry, mom, i'll be good.  goodbut just to be safe, sign here... and here... and here...  and initial here.  mom, i'm just doing routine maintenance on my shrink ray, time pincher and time accelerator.  it's going to be a boring night.  let's go, pudding.  don't want to miss the overture.  :  duckduckduckduck...    : oh, hugh.  we'll be home around 11:30.  jimbo, you want us to wake you up when we get home and reenact the show.  uh... no thanks.  sometimes a scientist's lot can be a lonely and boring one, goddard.   saved by the bell.  hey, jimmy, i got the first season ofteenage ultra lord on dvd, with 162 hours of deleted scenes.  yeah.  in one episode, the actors flub their lines with hilarious results.  oh, sorry, guys, i can't.  my parents are out and i can't have anybody over.  your parents are gone.  you're home alone.  they won't be back till ultra lord knows when.  let's have a party.  no, sheen, seriously.  i signed a legal document.  but think of the fun, the laughs, the memories.  think of the highcalorie snacks and sugarladen soda.  oh, it would be fun.  maybe nick would even come and that would make us cooler than cool.  and maybe betty quinlan would come, jimmy.  betty quinlan.   sheen: this is a onceinalifetime chance sheen: your parents may never go out again.  hmm... mom and dad didn't say anything sheen, i guess it'd be okay if you wanted to just invite a few...  can you keep it down, jimmy.  yeah, you heard me: party at neutron's.  call everybody you ever met in your entire life and tell them to get over here now.  this is going to be the greatest night of our lives.  or a horrible nightmare of pain and misery.  carl, what'd you say that for.  hey, i calls 'em as i sees 'em.  jimmy: ooh, there's the man.  right this way, ladies.  liking the outfit.  glad you could make it.  cindy. libby.  yeah, yeah.  the only reason we're here is to make catty observations and rude remarks.  and there was nothing good on tv.  so, uh...  like, where's the party, nerdbomb.  uh, well, it's right here.  this is it.  what no music, no dancing, no decorations.  no little weenies in little buns.  leave it to neutron to throw a totally lame party.  what about games.  we could play spin the bottle.  yeah, or we could play spin sheen and hit him with a bottle.  oh, wwwait, i've got some cool games: rock 'em sock 'em einstein and, oh, stephen hawking's offroad baja wheelchair race.  i'll be right back.  hey, don't forget the little weenies.  i officially declare this party over.  i am out of here.  no, no.  if nick goes, they all go.  i got to stop him.  get out of my way, s.  "sheen." whatevermove.  wait, wait, wait.  jimmy has cool stuff like... like a jet pack.  and you'd look cooler than cool flying around in that.  please stay.  don't leave.  kids: wow.  let the party begin.  jimmy: let's see, i got games, doublefudge popcorn, purple slurp...   that can't be good.   hey, wheezer, what happens if i point this at you and press the button.  don't, don't.  you'll make me real...  ...small.  help.    hey, check me out, dudes.  i'm super nick.  libby: check this out.  live satellite feed of the men pretending to be boys concert.    hey, jimmy.  i used your time pincher to bring harry houdini to your party to do magic tricks.   sheen, that's a ferocious prehistoric velociraptor.  oh, yeah.  i always get magicians and dinosaurs mixed up.     carl: don't step on me.   okay, that's it.  this party is over.  everybody out.  uh, hey, jimmy.  bbbetty quinlan.  who invited miss i'msobeautifulandperfect. )