 okay, the most important thing to do right now is not panic.   we're going to die.   chetwyn.  you want to name it now that we've killed it.  no, chetwynclass nerd.  that kid can resuscitate even the deadest hard drive.  all we have to do is get it to him.   well, all watered.  and moved her to the desk to get more sun.  uh, see you.  hold it.  something's not right.   sorry, new underwear.  kind of rides up on me.  i want her to get sun, but let's not roast her tender leaves.   should have gone for boxers.   harold: i know what you're going through, angelica.  when i was, like, two, i had a sea horse nightlight i talked to.  but i woke up one too many nights to find it staring at me, so my parents gave it away.  uh, harold, why are you boring me with your life preme.  keep looking.   there is a software i can download that might help, but what with school, chess club, math club, science club, ham radio society...  right, we got ityou're busy.  you got to have somespare time.  spare time.  oh, you must mean the 20 minutes right after dinner.  you know, before i get to do my homework.  you look forward to doing homework.  it's my parents who made me schedule in a timeout.  20 minutes after dinner.  we'll come by tonight, chet.  it's chetwyn.  trust me, i looked everywhere.  cynthia's not here.  sounds like you miss her.  not.  do you have any idea what cynthia's worth these days.  we're talking serious wheels at 16.  you made me come all the way over here to sit in your old bedroomwhich is totally weird, by the wayto tell me cynthia is a hot commodity.  no, i had you come over here because you're better at this detective stuff than i am.  more like you're afraid someone will see you looking for a doll.  do you want to keep down.  it's okay to miss her, angelica.  last winter, my dad pilfered my old toy stethoscope thinking i wouldn't mind, but i did.  there it was, my past holding dad's new parabolic skis to the car roof rack.  there's a metaphor in there somewhere.  what kind of comparison is that.  i mean, you can't talk to a stethoscope.  blows out your pediatrician's ears.  all i'm saying is, sometimes it's hard letting go of something old when you don't have anything new to hang on to yet.  except for, like, a mini salon, a robot butler, a makeup counter...   maybe i do miss cynthia a little.  but if you tell anyone about this...  i know, i know: i'm dead meat.  you know, family hour, where we can have an open dialogue, talk about things that might be bothering us or bringing us joy.  oh, oh.  i think we got ourselves a taker.  shouldn't tommy go first.  he is older.  oh, man, tommy always gets to go first.  dil's right, he can go first.  meanwhile i've got to...  didi: just a minute.  where are you going.  well, see... there's this... thing.  that's more important than family hour.  good.  you can go after dil.    the thing of it is...  well, chapter two said you might be reluctant to initiate parentchild interfacing.  no, it's just that i got to...  so, i'll go first.  pretty convenient mom having to drive kimi to hiphop lessons.  oh, i've been a little worried that my pesky sciatica may be affecting my job performance.  and then betty said, "what's all the fuss." and that's when i thought, i can wear a truss.   i'm sorry about hogging more than an hour, chuckie.  tomorrow night, you can take all the time you want.   if i'm still alive.  impressive how you figured out where cynthia is, susie.  yeah, it took a brainiac like me to ask the clerk at the thrift shop who bought it.  well,entrezvous.  french for "get your butt in there." what's wrong, angelica.  what if he won't give her up.  the man sells dolls.  how tough could he be.  and i'm sure he'll understandjust be honest.  nothing wins people over like a warm smile, sincerity and, uh...  maybe i'd better do it.  are you out of your mind..  this doll's sentimental value pales in comparison to what it's worth on the open market.  i can't believe a man who sells toys is so...  so...  mean.  welcome to the ruthless world of vintage doll collecting.  but... exactly.  don't let the door hit it on the way out.  like i always say, honesty is the lamest policy.  it's time to use my failsafe methodlying blindly through your teeth without any remorse.  here's what we're going to do.  have you guys seen my organizer.  no.   wwhat chuckie means is "were we supposed to." i don't know, betty.  i sense chuckie was avoiding interfacing, and didi said the same thing about tommy.   been a little lost without it.  lost..  this morning my mechanic said it'd be $567 for an oil change.  : and i said okay.   well, i think...  pangborn's going to roast us alive when he puts two and two together.  chuckie: then we're safe, because he won't be able to put two and two together without his youknowwhat.   at least we didn't kill elmira.   aah, no, thanks, chas.  gives me gas.  i said, "i've got to call didi.  the kids need an intervention family hour."  so, the real truth is i just wanted my old doll at my side to comfort me during my... operation.   well...   i can go on without a gall bladder but not without my...  uh... karina.  : it's cynthia.  i knew it.  she, like your gall bladder, isn't going anywhere.  the original cynthias are practically extinct.  this one may not be in mint condition, but it'll still fetch a hefty price.  oh, well, if you're talking money...    for the record, pavement hurts.  i was ready to throw you out, too, when you dumped 37 cents on the counter.  : i'll never see cynthia again.    "good news.  "accepted into weeklong microbiology retreat.  "will repair item upon return.  best. chetwyn." whatever we do, we mustn't take an accusatory tone.  right.  besides, we don't know if anything's wrong yet.  tommy: well, that squares it.  we've got no choice, chuckie.  we've got to tell pangborn the truth.  chuckie: what.  tell him that we killed the thing that made his life make sense.  : help, ira.  this isn't what it looks like.  oh, we're just here for a little more 'tweenparent bonding.  is there anythinganything at allyou boys would like to share with us about... oh, i don't know, uh, school.  oh, yeah, uh, sschool.  it's, uh... where we got to go...  now.   hello, i'm cutesy wootsy.  yeah, right, lady.  no, she really is cutesy wootsy.  where's the karl's kollectables booth.  we've got a mintcondition cynthia he might be interested in.  oh, there's a hair rerooting demonstration at 4:00.  angelica: come on, harold.   angelica, i don't think you should ever feel stupid about wanting your doll back.  look at these people.   look.  my favorite superhero doll, rodeo man.   spurs and bullwhip sold separately.   uh, guys, is it me or are they following us.   you think they want something.  there's one way to find out.  oh, they want something, all rightthe doll.  let's go.   susie, heads up.    harold.     let go, varmint.  that there's a mintcondition cynthia, and i aims to lassoes my way into a fortune.   not going to... happen.   oh.  a magic bullwhipha.   susie, i'm clear.  go wide, girlfriend.    susie: out of the way.  not again.  i told you...  angelica: yeah, yeah.  it's an original cynthia.  mint condition.  and this is your lucky dayi'll trade it to you for my old doll.  we'll see about that.  mmhmm.  uhhuh...    mmm...  just as i suspecteda fake.  collector: we tried.  that's right.  back to the crypt, zombies.  i didn't know it was a fake and i don't care.  i want my doll back.  well, the money that doll will bring in is too important to me to give up.  i'll be able to hire someone to do the cleaning, : so i can finally have a life.   and that's when chuckie's butt squashed...  if our children have done something wrong, we have a right to know.  not that we're using an accusatory tone.  your sons...  here it comes.  are my liberators.  by accidentally erasing my digital organizer, they've given me back my life.  pangborn's been reborn.   i even picked out my socks this morning.  hey, i have the exact same pair.  what are you guys doing here.  oh, we, uh...  right, we, uh...  we're terribly ashamed of ourselves.  whatever trouble you got yourselves into, you got yourselves out of.  by accepting responsibility.  we're real proud, guys.  i just have one question.  who's elmira.  elmira.  her leafy tendrils did brush my tank top.  smart move trading robobut for cynthia.  now you have your old friend to talk to again.  i think i always did.  um, remember what you said about how it's hard to let go of something old till you have something new to hang on to.  you mean after you made fun of my toy stethoscope.  uh, yeah.  it's strange, but i'm thinking the new thing )