 aren't you going to get dressed.  what's the point.  i'll just have to change back into pajamas in a few hours.  mom, you're losing it.  no.  i already lost it, the best job i ever had, and they pruned me like a dwarfing perennial.  snip, snip.  you need something to do.  girl: don't get impatient.  chillax bro, it's just a game.  that's it.  you can market dil's game.  impatience is a staple of entertainment at the java lava.  nah, i've played it before, and frankly, i don't have the patience for it.  everyone loves it.  i hate this dumb game.  want to play again.  okay.  see. that's the beauty of it.  you can yell, scream, break stuff, and blame it all on the game.   you just might be on to something.  breakup supplies, huh.  yep. i'm just gonna sit here, eat junk food, watch sad movies, cut rachel out of all my pictures...  and then quietly collapse in a pool of my own tears and vomit.  handball can wait.  this i got to see.   um...  oh... that's it, i got nothing.  really.  i know this seems weird, but i feel fine.  no offense, t, but i was sort of looking forward to the pool of tears and vomit thing.   aunt charlotte.  d.p., i have a proposition for you.  color me intrigued.  in brief, there's a hole in the market for a game like impatience.  i believe i can turn your odd, yet compelling little game into an international best seller.  no, thanks.  that game is my baby.  i don't want her to be exploited.  i can see it now.  little german boys in lederhosen huddled around the game, screaming at one another, tiny dutch children throwing clogs.  together, d.p., we can make the whole world impatient.  still not interested.  i'll play you for it.  let's do it.      your heels may be high, but your hands are callused and swift.  just sign by the green arrows, initial by the yellow ones.  charlotte pickles is back.  look out world, here i come.  phil: who am i kidding.  i can't eat.  i'm too upset about the breakup.  me, too.  poor rachel.  poor tommy.  oh. get off me.  how can you eat at a time like this.  i can't with my lunch in the trash.  you don't have to hide your pain.  i know how hard a breakup can be.  i've been down that road with wally, and getting dumped hurts...  like dipping your heart into a tank of hungry piranhas.  she didn't dump me, she moved.  so now it's over, and i'm moving on.  besides, i've been thinking.  why rush the girl thing.  i'm young, i need to be free.  i'm not buying it. me neither.  you know me better than anybody, right, chuckie.  do i look upset to you.  absolutely not.  thank younow that's settled.  he's in total denial.  yep, and if he refuses to embrace his pain, this could get ugly.  so like tommy to be strong for the rest of us.  tears of a clown, man.  don't worry, buddy, we're there for you.  what are you doing in my class.  someone in your stage of grief isn't in the head space to take notes.  noodle soup...  for your soul.  you didn't doubleknot.  get some rest, tommy, we've got your chores covered.  i told you, i'm fine.  i'm young, and i need to be free.  that's right.  keep saying it until the crying little boy inside you believes it.  "sorry for your loss.  love, chuckie, phil, lil, and kimi."  tommy: no matter how many times i tell them i'm over rachel, they refuse to believe me.  it's starting to make me paranoid.  speaking of paranoid, can you confirm that i'm being followed.  no, i cannot.  anyway...  maybe there's something wrong with me.  how can anyone get over a relationship in a minute.  what am i, a robot. right.  like i'd be lucky enough to have a robot for a brother.  and the weirdest part is i'm actually relieved about the breakup.  there's a certain freedom that goes along with being single.  i can shower every other day, eat onion rings, and stop burping through my nose.  so, basically, what it comes down to is...  i'm young, i need to be free.  sounds like you got it all under control.  exactly.  now if only i can convince everyone else.  take heed these words of wisdom, bro.  if you want your peeps off your back, give them want they want.  example: everyone in my class got chicken pox but me.  i was studied like a circus freak for weeks.  that's sugar, not salt.  ooh. close call.  so i gave them what they wanted.  i drew dots on myself with a red crayon.  technically, it was burnt sienna, but the point is everyone finally left me alone.  so.  play the part of the jilted boyfriend.  in a few days, your homies will be so sick of hearing rachel's name, they'll never mention her again.  dil, that is a brilliant idea.   aunt charlotte didn't tell me about this.  these people shouldn't be happy, they should be impatient.  what is wrong with that woman..  you called.  how did you find me.  i knew i was being followed.  of course you are.  you have a posse now.  meet mike, your agent.  bill, your lawyer.  hank your publicist, and yes men.  but i'm a loner, a drifter, a desperado.  i don't need a posse.  both: no, you don't.  everybody needs a posse.  yes, they do.  aren't you myyesmen.  both: yes, we are.  and why are you saying this game is for ages 0128.  impatience can't be played by infants.  it can nowi dumbed it down.  what..  charlotte, i am ordering you to smart it back up again.  aunt charlotte.  too late, you already approved it.  now, i'll need your approval on the box design.  well, i need inflatable slippers, but i guess we're both gonna go without.  i'll get rid of the posse.  and you'll change the age range, and put a picture of a poisonous tree frog on the box, artwork to be provided by me.  it's a deal.  what is up with that tree frog.  a failsafe, in case she gets out of control.   did you get a cell phone.  dil, it's coming from your butt.  hello.  charlotte: i forgot, meet me at 6:00 to go over the guest list for the launch party.   i knew that wasn't a real hug.   it's aunt charlotte.   aunt charlotte.  how can she be at the door and on the phone at the same time.  you do not know what this woman is capable of.   : who is it.  chuckie: it's us.  who's "us".  phil: come on, dil, it's phil and chuckie.  i'll stall, you get ready.  remember, lady love has dealt you a harsh blow, so embrace the misery.  rachel. i knew you'd come back to me.  sorry, tommy, it's just us guys.   the first step in healing is letting the wound scab over.  but if you keep picking at it, it'll get infected and become one bloody, pusladen mass.   anybody see a spare bucket lying around.   i'm going to spend the rest of my life alone.  i'll never eat, sleep, or breathe again.  rachel was the only girl i ever...  likeliked.  you're young, you need to be free, remember.  you can't do that if you stay in bed the rest of your life.  yes, i can.  you know where this is heading.   no.    now pull it together, man.  tommy: rachel.  better be an emergency, lady.  you should be thanking me.  that note got you out of school for the rest of the day.  up top.  oh, no.  there will be no highfiving.  we don't have time anyway.  we've got a meeting with the head of japanese field operations before your commercial shoot.  commercial..   three words for you, c.p.: not gonna happen.  fine. i'll do it without you.  love you.   oh...  just stop planting phones on me.  max: okay, pickles, now a little q & a.  who was the founder of the colony of virginia.  john rachel smith.  max: not quite.  second chance, tman.  in 1620, what pilgrim colony was founded. new rachel.  what language was adopted by the colonists.  rachelish.  last question: how long will it take you to get to the nurse's office.  dil, what are you...  aunt charlotte wrote me a note.  apparently, i've got chicken pox... again.  and you.  mental problems.  this plan is a lock.  i'm driving them nuts.  and you know what.  it's fun acting like a whack job and getting away with it.  tell me something i don't know.  tonight, they're taking me bowling, and i'm bringing it all home with a fullon meltdown.  after that, they'll never want to hear the name "rachel" again.   still aour approval on the guest list.  phil: remember, we're here to keep him busy so he won't have time to think about rachel.  i appreciate the effort guys, but i don't know if i can do this.  i can't bowl here.  rachel and i were here.  it would be too painful to bowl on the same lane.  tommy: this is lane eight.  rachel's favorite number was eight.   is this a rachelfree zone.   now what.  your shoes.  those are the same ugly, rented bowling shoes rachel wore.  i'll go change them.  if you need a ride, i'm sure my sister will be happy to drop you off at "the home."  i'll take a rain check on the ride.  two questions.  one: do you have a girlfriend.  two: do you have any paper.  nope and nope.  it's your turn... if you feel up to it.   that song, it... it reminds me of rachel.  it's the pinball machine.  i know.  pinball was the name of her favorite perfume.   tommy: i guarantee you, the word "rachel" is no longer in their vocabulary.  what's even better, i met a really cool girl.  it's weird, we just hit it off.   i installed a web cam, so we'd have visual communication 24/7.  i know it's short notice, d.p., but can you make a speech at the launch party this weekend.  love to.  in fact, i already have it worked out.  it goes something like this.   that woman must be stopped.  but not before the launch, party, okay.  i already invited anita.  eightysixed from the bowling alley.  hmm.  no one in his right mind would publicly humiliate himself like that.  it's 'cause he went from zero to dumped in 60 seconds.  exactly.  he needs to say all the things he never got the chance to say.  then there's only one thing we can do to save him.  we've got to bring rachel back.  why not do it this weekend so we can surprise tommy at dil's launch party.   it's gonna be a night tommy will remember for the rest of his life.  " you'll take bus 29, which lets out a block from the club.  we'll meet you there.  don't forget to keep it on the low.  it's the least i can do after you guys pooled your savings and stayed up all night working this out.  cease and desist.  morning guys.  got to go. morning announcements.  nature calls.     my mom's so busy she doesn't even care that i've been at the mall every night this week.  i'm on to you.  and now you're gonna tell me how to get rid of your mother.  yeah, right.  i finally got the woman out of my hair.  then sit back and watch the fireworks, 'cause they're about to start acrackin'.  dil, you can't bail on her.  you and your stupid game brought my mom back to life.  you gave her the reason to live.  if you take it away, she'll be destroyed.  do you really want to be responsible for that.  robotic voice: don't lose your patience.  robotic voice: chillax, bro, it's just a game.  told you i'd put your game on the map.  and better yet, i put myself back on the map.  i amen fuego.  up top.  the press is foaming at the mouth to hear what thehas to say.  and wait till you see the commercial.  what commercial.  rachel should be here any second.  wait till she sees how much tommy missed her.  this has to be the single coolest thing a friend's ever done for a friend.  hi, i'm dil pickles.  my family and i used to yell at each other all the time.  but now we don't have to.  we let the game do it for us.  robotic voice: don't lose your patience.  announcer: impatience, coming soon to a store near you.  for ages 7 to 79.  poisonous tree frog not included.   time to pull out the failsafe.  checkmate, aunt charlotte.  checkmate.  tommy.  you look... normal.  thanks to you guys, the worst is over.  i'm feeling much better now... happy even.  if you think you're happy now wait till...  there she is. there she is.  there who is. there who is.  you invited rachel..  you brought a date..  you're supposed to be miserable.  it was all an act.  i faked the entire meltdown.  i didn't think you'd take it seriously.  i'm not that good an actor.  so we pulled an allnighter, spent our entire life's savingsfor this monthand brought rachel in town for nothing..  if you would've believed me in the first place, i would've never done it.  i can't even look at you right now.  jerk. insensitive jerk.  girl hog.  tommy.  tommy.  lil: dead man walking.  uh...  rachel, this is anita.  anita, rachel.  this sitch is way uncool.  i was right the first time, you do belong in a mental institution.  i'm so sorry, rachel.  please forgive me.  i can't believe i took a 45 minute train ride just to see you, the biggest jerk on the planet.  i'll never forgive you.  and i never ever want to see you again.  ever.  : rachel.  robotic voice: chillax, bro, it's just a game.  and now, the real genius behindimpatience, dil pickles.   i must say, i'm touched at how you've embraced my little game.  so moved, i want you to be in on all my little secrets.  like the one about the trick to winning this gamejust hold a magnifying glass up to the tree frog, and you'll see the exact sequence of plays.   fan #1: pure genius.  fan #2: great idea.  i never wanted it to end this way.  i love you like a... aunt.  but you crossed the line, and then you stomped on it, lit it on fire and danced on its ashes.  i know, that's why i'm so good at what i do.  we could have had it all, you and i.  still, i have you to thank for getting me off my butt and back into the game.  i'll never forget you, little man.  and i'll never forget you, big woman.   charlotte: be hearing from my lawyers.   i miss rachel so much it hurts, phillike dipping your heart into a tank of hungry piranhas.  wait, don'tdon't hang up. put lil on.  is that kimi in the background.  figured you could use some company.  you're wearing green.  rachel's favorite color.  no, it was blue.  but you have to mix blue with yellow to get green.  captioned bymedia access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org  : rachel.  tommy: rachel.  yayhxzbhjp28(]@(]@(]@(]@(].(] @@@@hj3hri3 i3 i3 :i3 :i3 :i3 :83 :83 :83 : "3 : "3 p 3 p 3 p 3 p 3 p 3 p 3 p 3 p 3 p 3p 30q8yp got to blast.   into the stars, goin' by candy bar's    rides a kid with a knack for invention     with a superpowered mind, a mechanical canine     he rescues the day from sure destruction   help.   this is the theme song     for jimmy neutron.      captioning judy: whew.  what a day.  i did the shopping, i reshingled the roof...  that's nice, dear.  yeah, that's great, mom.  hugh: mmhmm.  here are your dinners.  a ham and macaroni choochoo for hugh with cauliflower chimney smoke.  for jimmy, scallopini pfeffernuss with mashed potatoes in the shape of einstein's hair.  and for me, a sandwich.   