  rise and shine, sporto.  you missed the bus.  come on.  i'll drive you to school.  itisdil.  my brother's a thief.  woman : will the students who ran the frozen turkey up the flagpole...  i saw the bike.  is that some kind of secret code.  okay.  i ate the banana.  dil, don't try to deny it.  i know.  first the gnome, now susie's bikeyou're the thief.  you, my own flesh and blood, are accusing me of being a common thief.  then how did those things get in our house.  how should i know.  maybe the gnome had bad dreams, so he walked over and climbed in my bed, then tried to thank me and gave me the bike.  just a theory.  did he admit it.  nope, he pushed the "i'm innocent" act.  i'll have to stay up all night and catch him.  you expect to pull an allnighter when you can't stay awake during the leastboring school activity.  what's that.  lunchthat thing you're wearing.  dil: man...  the thiefit's tommy.  dil: no wonder you accused me of being the thief.  you were trying to throw the scent off yourself.  what are you talking about.  i was sound asleep.  oh, really.  the missus says you weren't.  nice work, dil.  you steal and then try to frame me for it.  this is an alltime low for you, t.  you're a thief and a liar.  there's only one thief and liar in this house, and that would be you.  i'm going to prove it.  not unless i do first.  bernadette: make sure she has 32 curlers.  penelope always has 32 curls.  i know, i knowthirtytwo.  you want to count them.  drop it.  don't even think about it.  "dear mentors 'r' us, "i'm afraid to report that my mentor, "angelica pickles, is mean, selfish and horrible." hi, girls.  having fun.  we sure are, mrs. pickles.  angelica just gave me this shirt.  i didn't want to take it, but she insisted.  how sweet.  hey, anybody up for milk and cookies.  yes, please, mrs. pickles.     susie, you got to get over here stat, or it's going to get ugly.  while you cram for the test, i'll keep an eye on sticky fingers down the hall.  he thinks i'm here to help you study.  good cover, and remember, wait until five minutes after he leaves the house before we follow.  give him time to load up on booty.  chuckie, quiz us on words from the dictionary.  tommy, i do not want to oversleep and miss the test.  did you set the alarms.  all seven of them.  oh, they let you in the country with that.  it's my goodluck sleeping bag.  i used it on a camping trip and caught nine fish.  ugh. well, it's time to let them out.  i don't know how i'm going to make it through this test.  what if i freeze up or my mind goes blank.  what if i can't remember my own name.   what is my name.  chill, phil.  you'll be fine.  how can you say that with a straight face.  i haven't made it through one practice test without getting distracted.  honestly, i... i think i've been unlearning stuff all week.  aw, why am i fighting it.  maybe a mime's life isn't so bad.  it's garbage.  you want to check it.   hello.  time's running out.  next word.  "brobdingnag." i don't know what that means.  why are you doing this to me.  time to call it a night.  i'm sure by now your brains are filled to capacity.   tommy: "napoleon is to france as caesar is to..." angelica: i'm telling you, she's pure evil.  and trust me, i know evil when i see it.  you do have a point there.  well, there's only one thing left to do.  and i can't believe i'm the one telling you to do it.  you've got to play dirty.  tell her you know all about youknowwhat and threaten to tell youknowwho.  but what if i can't find out any youknowwhats or whos.  if bernadette's as rotten as you say she is, she'll fill in the blanks.  hmm....  so busted.  tommy.  now you're supposed to look guilty and beg me not to tell mom.  hey, what's wrong with you.   i recognize that zombielike stare.  your mind has been taken over by aliens.  oh, this is so unfair.  why does all the cool stuff always happen to you.  and here i am, practically begging for alien contact.  ]that's gogurt.  okay, who is shrek's best friend.  donkey.let's see.  ready for shrek forever after.  with foldtoreveal gameson 16 tubes of gogurt, prove you'rethe ultimate shrek fan.  ugh.  look, chasytwo open holes from a stolen "for sale" sign.  and they're fresh.  he's close.  i can smell him.   nopei got nothing.  tommy, betty and chas are right down the street.  they're heading this way.  i know you're probably gathering stuff for the mother ship, but down here on terra firma, it's called stealing.  if you get caught, you go to jail.  trust me: no one's going to buy the alien angle.  too many nonbelievers.  tommy.  tommy.  what do aliens want with all this junk.  well, as much as i hate to interfere with alien communications, i'm going to have to get rid of the evidence.  tommy's my big brother.  it's my job to protect him.  and if you alien guys can hear me, i am an open vessel, completely available for abduction anytime, any place.   you guys hear that.   dil's the thief.  tommy, wake up.  dil's at it again.  what.  what's he doing.  he's having stealer's remorse.  then we should leave him alone.  technically, if he returns the stuff he stole, it's not really stealing, is it.  you don't think that question will be on the test, do you.  i hope not.  i barely scanned legalese for preteens.  let's head back.  not just yet.  we've got to keep them away from dil.  honestly, i never cared for gwendolyn.  but howard... he's sentimental for that little gnome.  oh, betty...  you might want to stop talking for a second, and get out of the way.  maybe we should call for reinforcements.  there's no time for that.  we have to collar this perp on our own.  now what do we do.  they're heading straight for dil.    phil, we're trying to get the dogs barking, not summon some cows in idaho.   stellar play, tommy.   woman: it's the thief.   i'd like to retract my last statement.  woman: i'd like an explanation for this.  what's going on here.  go home, folksshow's over.  your official neighborhood watchers will take it from here.  what do you say, young man.  i'm innocent.  try again.  tommy: he is innocent...  technically.  excuse me.  anybody around here ever heard of a curfew.  dil did steal that junk, mom, but he was returning it.  i didn't steal anything.  i swear.  okay, i'll bite.  if you didn't take those things, then who did.  i'm taking the fifth.  figureshe already took everything else.  chas: let's get you home, dil.  i had a dream like this once.  only i was in my underwear.  i told you: i'm not the thief.  how can you expect us to believe you when there were at least 17 witnesses.  can't you give me the botd just this once.  no, i definitely cannot give you the botd, because...  i don't know what that is.  "benefit of the doubt." oh, well, i can't give you that either.  you have to accept responsibility for your actions, which means...  no visit to the museum of disgusting things tomorrow.  but... i've been looking forward to this my whole life.  mom, dad...  can't you just ground him or cut out tv or something.   how did i get up here.  drop everything and put your hands in the air.  i... guess you've got yourself a thief.  yes, we do, son.  we'll have to take you downtown.  actually, we're already downtown, so we're going to have to take you... here.  i was sleepwalking.  you seriously think i'd go out in public like this.  if i had a dime for every joe who blamed his crime on sleepwalking, i'd be a rich man.  well, maybe not rich, but i'd own a boat.  but why'd you do it.  i have no idea.    the test.  oh, i've got to take the test.  oh, my entire future depends on this test.  oh, where's my numbertwo pencil.  i need my numbertwo pencil.  where's my booklet.  i've got to have my booklet.  whoa, rein it back in there, pardner.  are you talking about the fifthgrade standardized test.  just thinking about it gives me the willies.  that test has driven people to do a lot of crazy things.  you're off the hook, kid.  and don't worryi'll deal with your folks.  aw, thanks.  you know, before i took that test, i didn't have astigmatism.  policeman: oh, yeah.  before i took that test, i had a real hip.    let me guess: you're here to pick up your english paper.  duh... and it better not be over or under 300 words.  sorry, i'm afraid it's just a tad under.   angelica: "dear mentors 'r' us, "my mentor, angelica pickles, "has been an absolute inspiration.  "she's beautiful, smart, generous and a model citizen.  "in fact, when i grow up, i want to be just like her." you've got to be kidding me.  do i look like i'm kidding. hmm.  there.  now that it's over, can you be more specific about the youknowwhats.  there weren't any.  too bad this is over.  there's so much i can learn from you.    pencils down.  it's over, people.  counselors are waiting outside for those of you in need of psychological assistance.  ha.  mom and dad are waiting for you in the car.  guess where you're going.  a home for wayward boys.  military school.  a convent.  sully's museum of absurd and disgusting oddities.  yes. yes. yes.  wait... did you confess.  yeah.  a person can't be blamed for what he does when he's sleepwalking.  sleepwalking.  oh, man.  are you absolutely sure this had nothing to do with aliens.  i'm sure.  oh, one thing i can't figure out, though.  you knew i was the thief all along, and even after you were publicly humiliated and banned from the disgusto museum, you still had my back.  why.  because that's what brothers do.  thanks for the solid, t.   tommy and dil: spike. ew.  captioning sponsored by theu.s. department of educationkhx.p.xph.hphxphxp @x(].xp:0x:h  every birthday,my mom and dad would say    "you're another year older,another year wiser"    but i still go to school    to get an education    i treat each and every day    like a mini vacation    all grown up.    i really wantto shout it out    all grown up.    i want the world to know    all grown up.    i really want to shout it out    all grown up    with you    all grown up with...    you.   captioning sponsored by the u.s. department of education and nickelodeon    care for a dipfrom 600 feet    or a howdyhellofrom the people you meet    well, we got the placewhere your stomach will turn    and if you don't block it,your skin, it will burn   all: our whiplash gorge packs a onetwo punch    gotta hunch...you're gonna lose...    your lunch.     knock it off, phil.  can't help it, lil.  i got slosh mountain fever.  the coolest water park ever,and we're going tomorrowwithout our parents.  uh, guys, i've been thinking...  do i really want to careen offthe side of a 200foot cliff in a used inner tube.  tommy:chuckie...  you can't back out now.  susie's singing andshe's expecting us.  not to mention they finally reopened whiplash gorge.  after settling all those pesky lawsuits.  oh... tommy's right.  i made a decision to conquer my fear of whiplash gorge and that's exactly what i plan to do.  good call, chuckie.  you have nothing to fear but fear itself.  that's what i'm afraid of.   oh...  why didn't you tell me you're singing at slosh mountain tomorrow.  this is huge.  well... you know, it's not a solo but it's still a good gig.  wait a minute...  what do you want.  you got any more free tickets.  i gave them all away.  to everyone but me.  i didn't think you wanted to come.  i didn't.  i just wanted to do whiplash gorge.  and fyi, so do your dumb friends.  i bet they don't even go to your lousy show.  both:  gotta hunch...    you're gonna lose... your lunch.   this isn't going to be easy.  but don't worry, i can handle it.  boys, i, uh...  your mother wants to talk to you.  we're having a bit of a family crisis.  your dad's convention got rescheduled for today, grandma minka has to take care of her sister, geedle, and i have an emergency blood drive to run.  yeah.  so, you two have to pick up grandpa from the optometrist.  no.  mom, how can you do this to us..  you're going to deny us slosh mountain so you can work a blood drive.  that is so... so selfish.  we feel terrible, but grandpa boris is older now.  he needs some help doing things.  dil, let go of my ankles, they're getting sweaty.  but mom, susie's expecting us.  i'm sure she'll understand.  but mom... enough.  you want to be treated more like adults.  well, with that comes responsibility.  whoa... wait.  i think there's been some confusion here.  i don't need to be treated like an adult.  that was tommy's deal.  man, that just about tore me up.  susie: uh, mom, don't you think this hem line's a little '90s.  1890s.   hello.  oh, hey, tommy, what's up.  really.  oh, no, no, i totally understand.  tell your grandpa i said hi.  boy: for the love of mercyhelp me.  lil: what is it, chuck.  just reading the fine print.  specifically that slosh mountain is not responsible for extreme bodily harm.  ah, you know lawyers.  always so worried about losing limbs.   awesome...   yikes.  phil: ten bucks says i can throw up more than anyone here.  you're on.  don't do it, kimi.  he has a wicked gag reflex.  oh, this is so messed up.  check it out: this is you after mom told us we couldn't go to slosh mountain.  "huh.." boris: don't touch me.  i can walk fine.  you didn't dilate my legs, hmm..  now, mr. krepotkin, the best thing is to rest your eyes while they're dilated like this.  maybe take a nice, long nap.  you take a nap.  i'm not blind.  oy.  boris: i don't need any help getting home.  in the old country, we'd walk ten miles just to get some milkand it wasn't even the real thing.  did you happen to notice where this bus goes.   slosh mountain.  no way.  pish mountainwhat's that.  uh... nothing, grandpa.  you know, we could still go.  how.  we'll park him somewhere and tell him he's at the senior center.  if mom and dad found out, we'd be toast.  we'd be lucky to be toast.  we'd be the burnt stuff scraped off the toast.  they won't find out.  we'll see susie sing, hit whiplash gorgein and out, 30 minutes.  oh, i don't know.  technically, they didn't say we couldn't go to slosh mountain.  they said to pick up grandpa.  who says we can't do both.  it would be a shame to waste the tickets.  now you're talking.  and just think of poor grandpa, stuck in that stuffy house all day with his broken eyes.  and if we wanted chocolate milk, it was another ten miles for the cocoa, which was just a very nicetasting dirt.  the fresh air would probably be good for him.  well, here we are, grandpa, good old senior center.  why'd you bring me here.  i hate this place.  you love the senior center.  all your friends are here.  what friends.  harry. all he talks about are his gallstones.  ira.  thatgonifowes me ten big ones.  anyway, are you sure this is the senior center.  doesn't sound like it...  or smell like it.  uh... that's because, uh...  it's deepfried chocolate bar tuesday.  we'll snag you one. )