 emcee: oh.  ryan scheckler completes a kick flip indy as time runs out.    oh, man.   fred: ooh, great luck.  that judge must've missed ryan's mistake.  ha ha ha. even better luck.  cotton candy.  greetings.  i'm julian dubree, tour guide for hire.  my personal rickshaw and boat tours of san francisco are just a buck a minute.  thanks, friend, but we're just here to watch the skateboarding.  it's a little known fact that the fastest speed ever recorded on the skateboard is 63 miles per hour.  that was a freebie.  i'm doing great business with all these tourists here.  and by the way, it's a little known fact the first tourists came to the city in 1828.  hey, that's 2 freebies.  h.  emcee: lucas is on the course.  she's a top contender for the championship.  aah.   uhh.  aaaah.   that must've been the same monster that ryan described from last night.  like, he was wrapped in more seaweed than a 6foot california roll.  it seems to me like that creature is targeting the grind games competitors.  that means his next target could be ryan.  that monster, he is the legendary san franpsycho.  roh.  something about that name gives me a bad feeling.  and i can also tell you where that monster comes from.  for a dollar.  he comes from right over there.  velma: alcatraz.  julian: he was once known as the prisoner clint morris.  it was 1963, clint was feared by all, yet he himself feared nothing.     ha ha ha.  julian: clint never made it to freedom.  in fact, his right hand never made it out of dangerous san francisco bay.  legend has it his scarcovered ghost, knowown as the san franpsycho, still makes his home in alcatraz.  although i am licensed by the city to give night tours of the island, i'm not going in there with some psycho on the loose.  i'm staying right here in my boat.  it's a little known fact that 12% of all boat owners live on their boats.  there's a reason some facts are little known.  ha ha. wheeee.  hey, ronald. come on, let's go play.  oh, i wish i could, but i have to go to work.  bye. bye, ronald.  .    okay, here i am at work.  now we can play. woohoo. yay.  . ba da ba ba ba .  whoa. wahahaha.  how will we ever find the san franpsycho in this huge place.   it won't be hard since the monster just found us.   aah.   aah.   roh. ohh.   uhh. uhh.  velma: jinkies. everyone, come here.  hey, this cell looks lived in.  correct.  this appears to be the san franpsycho's lair.  look at this grind games program.  there are big red xs through pictures of the skateboarders, including ryan.  hmm.   wait a minute, that's julian's boat.  ha ha ha.  stranded on alcatraz.  and the san franpsycho is off to terrorize ryan in the grind games.  but where's julian.  the monster must've done something to him.  or maybe julian is the monster.  all i know is i've never liked dark nights on spooky prison islands.  me, neither.  no problem, gang.  i suspect that this strange ike shape under this tarp is really a boat.  keen logic, freddy.  i'm setting a course for the main land.  fred, that makes the fish in my sneakers happy.  huh. huh.    bail.  bail. bail. roh.   doomed, i tell you.  fred, look out for the rocks up ahead.  like, those aren't rocks.  maybe we should've just stayed at that nice, dark, horribly terrifying prison.   ohh. uhh.  aaaah. aaaah.  uhh.  back up.   we're going to make it.  ah, irony. so we meet again.  all: ohh.  aaah.   but, ryan, that creepy beast is still out there.  maybe the best idea is to cancel the grind games.  no. these games must go on.  there's a lot of tradition at stake here.  this is grind games 2.  isn't that judge rudy banyez over there in the body painting booth.  daphne: she got a skateboarder painted on her shoulder.  fred: ryan.  looks like our judge has a favorite skateboarder.  well, that sure is suspicious, but any fan of ryan wouldn't try to hurt his chances in the competition.  it's a little known fact that the san franpsycho monster is actually 13 years old.  hey, pal. remember us.  4 kids and a dog waving goodbye from a deserted island of terror.  look, the monster knocked me out, ok.  when i woke up, i was back at fisherman's wharf, which, by the way, was an active fishery up until 1977.  you have a knack for storytelling.  and you are interrupting my tour.  emcee: oh. a rare frontside flip lip slide.  maltby is doubling the best true competition, baby.  3 hours and no sign of the monster.  hey, scoob, maybe we scared away that seaweed psycho.  rawwrrr.  raaaaah.   i remember times i had    some were happy, some were sad    memories me and my partners in crime    throwing up a thousand times    i got through it, i feel fine    i went to school and did my time    in a sense i'm out, in a sense i'm free    to be what i wanna be    fun was cartoons saturdays    fun was staying up past 8    lame was trying to fit in    lame was the wrong crowd    let me in    i got through it, i feel fine    i went to school and did my time    in a sense i'm out, in a sense i'm free    to be what i wanna be   aah. aah. aah.   you gotta stick together    with who you are and who you know    you gotta remember    where you've been and where you wanna go    i remember times i had    some were happy, some were sad    memories me and my partners in crime    throwing up a thousand times   we lost him.  wait. i see something.  hold it right there, haze.  it's not enough to protest against the skaters.  now you want to sabotage the games.  young lady, these tools are for a replacement stage i am forced to build for my troupe.  you'll have the space back once the games are over and they tear down this vert.  "vert" is not a word, and there is no vert to enlightenment.  i'm getting a very suspicious feeling.  that guy's got san fran nutball painted all over him.  guys, i have a new plan. let's split up.  new plan.  just let it go.  ..oh.  judging by the nonmelodic nature of this music, i think we've got plenty of time to look for clues in haze's rv.  let's look around.  there has to be something tying haze to the monster.   aha. good work, scooby.  these are all fancy costumes.  it proves that haze could have made the elaborate costume the san franpsycho wears.   it's haze.  stop right there.  undercover work is so cool.  what do you call this maneuver we're doing.  tiptoeing.  where would he go.   over there.  good work, ryan.  don't worry. i won't lose him again.    hey, we're off the track.    thank you, iq,for lending me your objectsfor my catapult.   ..not now.  this won't stop me.  .. ohhh...ticket.  try goldfish grahams.  baked with whole grain and a touch of sweetness.  . the snack thatsmiles back .  goldfish. )