earth. fire. air. water. only the avatar can master all four elements and bring balance to the world. korra has reopened the southern spirit portal and taken the first step to restoring balance between spirits and man. meanwhile, tensions are high between korra and her father after she discovered he was hiding a dark secret. years ago, tonraq was banished from the north. and now the northern navy has landed on southern shores. what other plans does unalaq have for the avatar. everyone, clear the streets. get back in your homes. uncle, why did you bring your troops down from the north. now that you've opened the southern portal, we need to protect it from people who would do the spirits harm. i can protect it. i need you for something more important. there is another portal in the north. once you open it, spirits and man will be able to move freely between the north and the south in a matter of seconds. but the solstice is over. how am i going to open it. the spiritual energy is much stronger in the north. and now that you've opened the southern portal, your energy is stronger as well. with both portals open, our tribes will be united again. the world will be united again. ahh, i haven't felt this at peace since wahoo. and it's over. good morning, universe. bumi, please. cover yourself. well, lookee here. "vacation tenzin" has finally decided to join us. yes, he has. it's so nice to get to spend more time with my family. isn't that right, my little rohan. and i've really enjoyed having you two around. reminds me of all those great vacations we took as kids with dad. uh, i think your memory is a little foggy. bumi and i weren't on those great vacations. it was always just you and dad. no, that can't be right. what about the time he took us to kyoshi island to ride the elephantkoi. nope. we weren't there. hmm. oh, remember ember island. those amazing sand palaces we built on the beach. you mean you built. we never saw the place. i could've sworn woohoo. morning, kids. morning, uncle bumi. do you have a baby in there. where's your sister. who. ikki. about this tall. talks real fast. i'm sure you know her. uh there was a lemur fight, but the bison told us not to worry because a giant was coming. then we almost got eaten by a sharksquid. the sharksquid. he's here. it appears my old nemesis has found me. jinora, were you and meelo teasing your sister again. i don't know. maybe. yes. she ran away. honestly, i don't know why you kids can't just get along. it's all right, dear. ikki couldn't have gone far. i'll find her. commander bumi reporting for duty. searchandrescue missions are my specialty. what do you say we all go together. sure. i could use the help. when i get back, we'll come up with a plan to take down that sharksquid once and for all. yeah. thank you for coming, everyone. i know these last few days have been very troubling. troubling. troubling is when i get that itchy rash that won't go away, and zhu li's not around to scratch it. this is shocking. nay, sickening. but these kale cookies. opposite. remind me to get the recipe later. what's your point, varrick. my point is, unalaq's already booted our chieftains out of their palace. how long before he starts telling us what kind of cookies we can eat. probably a couple of days. rhetorical question, zhu li. you gotta keep up. not to mention i've got a cargo ship full of halibut that's rotting, thanks to this harbor lockdown. who wants to buy a ship full of stinking fish. seriously, it's not rhetorical. i need to sell these fish. chief unalaq is here to help the south. he wants to show us how to restore balance with the spirits so they'll stop attacking. the only spirit i'm interested in restoring is our spirit of independence. am i right, people. all unalaq is trying to do is make our tribes unified again. no, he wants control of our wealth. my wealth. and i like my wealth. if unalaq doesn't pull his forces out, then we have no choice but to fight for our freedom. you want to start a war. are you crazy. unalaq started this, not us. i'm sorry. maybe you could speak with your uncle. tell him how frustrated we all are. he'll listen to what the avatar has to say. do it for me. i'll do it for the tribe. i cannot stop eating these things. look, we all know where this conflict is heading. we need to start preparing for war. i will hate to leave this quaint tribe. is that true, eska. of course not, desna. i will not miss it at all. i hold immense dislike for the south. bolin. laugh at my humorous quip. yes, dear. so so funny. you know, i'll be really sad when you have to leave. it's been really great getting to know you. really. but you will be coming with me to the north. there we will live the rest of our lives together in icy bliss. foolish bolin. mako. i'm so happy to see you. uh, you all right, bro. no. no, i'm not all right. i can't take anymore. listen, i don't want to live in icy bliss with eska. don't make me. oh, please, please don't make me. uh, hey, if you're that unhappy, just break up with her. break up with her. you can do that. yeah. guys do it all the time. how. just tell her you're not that into her anymore. oh, no, no, i don't think she'd like that. ending a relationship is kind of like pulling off a bloodsucking leech. you just gotta rip it off and get it over with. you'll feel a lot better afterwards. trust me. thanks, mako. whew. i'm lucky you're so good at breaking girls' hearts. korra better watch out. ooh, no, it's just a uh, you kn uh, never mind. our next training session isn't until tomorrow. i'm sorry to interrupt. it's about our conversation this morning. yes. i understand why you brought your troops here, but i'm afraid it's sending the wrong message. your father has been talking to you. not just him. varrick too. there was a meeting at my parents' house. a lot of southerners feel like their tribe is being invaded. i am their chief. i'm uniting, not invading. i know, but i'm just afraid if something doesn't change, there could be a civil war. if the water tribes were at war, the other nations would take sides. the dark spirits would thrive off this negative energy, and the world would be thrown into a battle between spirits and man. that would be catastrophic. how do we stop it. we. no, korra. this is a war only the avatar can prevent. i'm usually the one starting fights. i don't know how to stop them from happening. as the avatar, you must remain neutral in this conflict. you will naturally want to help your people, but showing favoritism will not help our tribes find unity. maybe tenzin was right. maybe i'm not ready to be the avatar. tenzin lacked faith in you. but i have no doubt you will become the most admired avatar the world has ever known. thank you, uncle. who threw those. you hoodlums think you're tough, huh. pick on a waterbender your own size. stop. tell these thugs to go back to the north. they're not welcome here anymore. these southerners need to stay in line. everyone, calm down. you're all part of the same tribe. start acting like it. you're taking their side. we thought you were one of us. i'm not taking anyone's side. hey. you're the worst avatar ever. everyone, walk away from this. they're not worth our trouble. go back to your homes. korra, i korra. ikki. ikki. ikki. ikki, where are you. over here, dad. just kidding. it's me. there's no sign of her anywhere. why would ikki run off like this. ah, it's probably my fault. probably. excuse me. i'm guessing you've been so busy with your "duty" to republic city that you forgot about your duty to your kids. duty. what are you, five years old. kya, you're right. i haven't been spending enough time with them. i wish i could be as good a father as dad was to us. tenzin, your problem is you're exactly like dad. he was so focused on saving the world and doing his duty don't laugh that he never had time for us. dad was under a lot of pressure. he always had time for you, though, his precious little airbender. dad loved us all equally. besides, it all happened a long time ago. why are we even talking about this. because you seem to have some grandiose delusion that we had a perfect, happygolucky childhood. guess what. we didn't. we need to keep moving if we want to find ikki before dark. see what he's doing there, bumi. classic airbender technique. cutting and running when things get tough. ugh. yeah. did dad teach you that move. how was your day, sweetie. oh, fabulous. my tribe's about to go to war, and i'm supposed to stop it, but will anyone listen to me. no. and i didn't ask for my father's help. can't he just let me be the avatar. uh, do you want advice, or am i just supposed to listen. i'm still not clear on that. ugh. i'm sorry. my dad just gets me all worked up. how about you take a break from all this avatar stuff, and we go out for a quiet dinner. just the two of us. isn't this fun, huh. we never get to spend enough time together, just the five of us. so fun. excuse us while we retrieve more sustenance. you guys gotta save me. i thought you were breaking up with her. what happened to ripping off the leech. i tried. but anytime i bring up the subject, she threatens to freeze me in a block of ice and feed me to dolphinpiranhas. so it was more like you tugged at the leech. yes, over and over and over, but it won't come off. why didn't you warn me your cousin had the power to reach into my heart and crush my soul with her bare hands. uh, 'cause i thought it was pretty obvious. no, no, not to me, it wasn't. i'm very bad at reading people. you should know that by now. oh, man. oh. do something, avatar. you know, this reminds me of a searchandrescue mission i commanded years ago, in the mountains outside of ba sing se. here we go. for five days, we scoured that beast of a mountain, fighting our way through blizzards, sandstorms, and three typhoons. finally, we found the men huddled in a cave, seconds from death. with no time to lose, i piled all 12 of those poor souls on my back and singlehandedly carried them down the mountain to safety. and how exactly is that supposed to help us find ikki. it was supposed to inspire you. clearly, you know nothing about being a leader of men. that's probably why the avatar fired you. i'm sick of your farfetched tales. three typhoons. well, i may have thrown in an extra typhoon or two for dramatic effect, but quit arguing and bring that lantern over here. i found footprints. come on. no, follow me. this will get us down bumi, it's pitch black, and the rocks are slippery. you're gonna hurt yourself. come on, you wimps. if i can do it, it should be no problem for a couple of benders. fine. you were right, bumi. that was faster. at least 50 times faster, by my calculations. oh, tenzin's the funny guy now. if you need an airlift down, just say the word. bah, i don't need your help. i've got everything under control. agh. bumi. did dad send you to talk to me. your father doesn't know i'm here. korra, what's going on between you two. ask dad. i've tried, but he won't talk about it. honey, it breaks my heart to see our family being torn apart like this. you want to know what's been going on. i found out dad's been lying to me my whole life. unalaq told me everything how dad and tenzin kept me trapped down here while i trained, how dad got banished from the north. so the truth is out. you knew. and you never said anything. we were trying to keep our family together, to give you a normal childhood. i never wanted a normal childhood. all i ever wanted to be was the avatar. but everyone keeps holding me back, even my own parents. unalaq's the only one who believes in me. that's not true, korra. no. then why is everyone in the south turning against me, when all i'm trying to do is help them. the problems between the north and the south started long before you were born. you can't expect to undo them in a day. so i should just sit back and let the water tribes go to war. no, but this situation might be out of your control. varrick's been plotting a rebellion against unalaq. he asked your father to join, and dad is part of a rebellion. i don't know, but i don't want you getting caught in the middle of it. it's too late, mom. i'm already in the middle of it. korra. uncle. oh, no. uncle. dad. dad, don't do this. turn around, avatar, and pretend you didn't see anything. no. leave unalaq and go. i'll tell him i tried to stop you, but you escaped. we can still avoid a war. no, we can't. get him out of here. we're all part of the same tribe. i don't want to hurt you. oof. dad, stop. why did you do this, dad. what. who are you. where's my father. he wouldn't help us. he's a traitor, just like you. thank you for saving my life. i'm just glad i got here in time. find varrick. i want him to freeze in prison with the rest of these traitors. wait, you can't just lock them away. that will only make the south angrier. you want them to go free. no. but let them stand trial for what they did. every water tribe citizen deserves that right. very well. i will respect the avatar's wishes in this matter. thank you, uncle. i told you those rocks were slippery. you're lucky you didn't kill yourself. you done with the lecture, mom. oh, grow up. you haven't changed one bit since we were kids. you're still trying to prove you can do everything a bender can. well, you can't. deal with it. and you're not our mother. you don't get to tell me what i can and can't do. deal with that. ugh. good luck healing yourself with your special nonbending powers. hey, back me up here, tenzin. kya's right. you're the oldest of us, but you always acted like the youngest. i had to become the responsible one. you think you're the responsible one. where were you after dad died and mom was all alone. because i was the only one who packed up and moved my whole life to be with her. sure, after years of flitting around the world, trying to find yourself. it was time for you to settle down somewhere. you two have no idea how it feels to have the future of an entire culture on your shoulders. oh, boohoo. must've been real hard for you, flying around the world with dad, riding elephantkoi all day. oh, so that's what this is all about. that's what it's always been about. you think you're some savior who has to carry on dad's legacy. who else is going to do it. how about all of us. yeah, we're aang's kids too. we never should have come on this vacation. i couldn't agree more. well, i didn't want you to come in the first place. i can't be around you two right now. go back to the temple and see if ikki returned. i'll keep looking out here. fine. fine. fine. is it okay if i come in. of course. we heard what happened. are you okay. i'm so glad you weren't there. i don't know what i would have done. i had no idea how far varrick was willing to go. my brother and i have our differences, but i would never attack him. i'm sorry for thinking you had anything to do with the rebels, and for all the pain i've caused you and mom. i'm the one who should apologize. after i saw the southern lights return, i was so proud of you. i never should have held you back. when your father and i found each other, all we wanted was to live a simple life and raise a family. but then we discovered you were the avatar, and simple was over. we knew one day the world would need you, and you wouldn't need us anymore. mom, dad, of course i still need you. we weren't expecting you. tonraq, senna, you are under arrest and will stand trial. trial. for what. for conspiring to assassinate me. )