earth. fire. air. water. only the avatar can master all four elements and bring balance to the world. lin beifong has a sister. after arriving in zaofu, korra met opal, a new airbender, whose mother is lin's estranged halfsister. suyin and her daughter welcomed lin with open arms, but she wanted nothing to do with them. meanwhile, zaheer infiltrated air temple island looking for the avatar. after battling with kya, he escaped and is now a wanted man in republic city. __ hey, has anyone seen chief beifong. she's probably off sulking in her room. i know she has a problem with me, but she had no right to yell at opal last night. all set for your power disc game today, guys. yeah, all set to kick wei's butt. i'm going to power disc your face. you should come play with us. oh, i don't think i'd be much competition since i can't metalbend. really. lin never offered to train you. nope, and i guess i never thought to bring it up because i was learning to airbend, then there was the probending, then i got tied up fighting the equalists. it was a busy few months. well, it's probably for the best. i'm sure lin would be a horrible teacher. as the avatar, you should have mastery over all the elements. i'd be happy to show you the basics. really. that would be great. you should try it too. uh, nah, i'm more of an earth guy. the dirt, rocks, you know, maybe some light gravel that's kind of where my heart is. okay, earth guy. well, let me know if you change your mind. aah. it worked. zhuli, mark it down. magnet suit test successful. power down. on to phase two zhuli cleans up this mess. how many pushups did you do last night. 'cause i did, like, 50. what do you two think you're doing. get back to work. is everything all right here. the avatar is in danger, and these two knuckleheads are just standing around chitchatting. don't worry. zaofu is the most secure city in the world. i'll be the judge of that. i'm going to check every inch of this place. lin, you do not have to work while you are here. you need to relax. i'm fine. doesn't take a truthseer to know that you are under a dangerous amount of stress. if you don't deal with your repressed feelings, there will be severe consequences to your health and your job. i'm not interested in talking about my feelings. you won't have to say a word. i know a great acupuncturist in town who will be able to help you. hmm. seems like you made quite a stir on air temple island. the cops are swarming the city looking for us. you still want to try to take out the president. no. he'll have to wait. we leave today. there's our ticket out of here. there's no money. i just made my last delivery. we don't want money. how many of those things are you gonna stick in me. i'll be placing several needles on each of your acupoints. there's nothing to be scared about. i'm not afraid of needles. please close your eyes and take a deep breath. this process will correct the imbalances in your chi. please tell me if you feel any pain or pressure. i can't feel a thing. that's unusual. your chi must be powerfully blocked. we're going to need more needles. acupuncture often taps into people's buried memories. these memories can sometimes be difficult to process. buried memories, uhhuh. su, what are you doing home. wow. you almost look like a real cop. you're supposed to be in school. oh, no. are you gonna tell mom. it's not like she's going to care. where'd you get all that stuff. uh, fell off the back of a truck. what are you doing hanging out with these losers. they're my friends, and you have no right to call them that. come on, guys, let's get out of here. su, stop. get your hands off of me. you have so much potential. you're ruining your life. at least i have a life. these meteorites are perfect for beginning metalbenders. the metals have a unique property, making them easier to bend. that's amazing. here, try it. okay. bolin, is that you. no. what are you doing. oh, hey, ladies. i was just, uh i was just looking for pabu. pabu. he's on your shoulder. oh, look, there you are. you know, i thought something was chewing on my ear. i'm probably gonna need to get a shot. pabu has sort of a venom a venom. anyway, so what are you guys doing. you're metalbending over here or something. want to give it a shot. nah, it's okay. i mean, only, like, one earthbender in a hundred can metalbend. well, don't believe everything you hear. the only thing limiting you is your attitude. you know, well, maybe i'll just i'll just stay and watch. try to focus on the fine pieces of earth within the metal. i can't believe it. i'm metalbending. wow, you picked that up really, really quick. i guess you're that one in a hundred. great job, korra. calling all units. robbery reported on the corner of fifth and harbor. suspects' vehicle headed south on hao boulevard. units responding, identify. unit three responding. leave them alone. su. wait. leaving in the middle of a session could make you sick. i'm done here. are you gonna stay in your room feeling sorry for yourself all day. you owe opal an apology for the way you treated her last night. are you okay. you don't look good. i'm fine. what did you do to me. i tried to warn you. come with me. let's go finish the session. just relax and breathe. so you're robbing stores with the terra triad now. i didn't steal anything. i just drove the car. i owed my friends a favor. it's not a big deal. i'm not letting you get away with this. oh. what are you going to do, officer, arrest me. don't even think about taking one more step. good afternoon. where are you off to today. i, uh, got a delivery to make in bao yu. i should be back later today. you all right. yeah, just a little tired. one more pickup, then i'm clocking out. i thought you said you had a delivery. did i. i'm gonna need you to step out of the vehicle and open the back of the truck. hey, get back here. let's get out of here. hmm, hmm. hey, bolin. opal. oh, wow. you really know how to sneak up on someone. what are you doing. oh, nothing, you know, just just thinking about my body and mustaches that i might have in the future. you're acting weird again. sorry. i wasn't really thinking about all my mustaches. i'm just i'm just frustrated. i've been trying to metalbend, and i can't figure it out. don't tell anyone, okay. why not. because it's embarrassing. this isn't the first time i've tried. i mean, i've been wanting to metalbend ever since i heard about toph. your grandmother is my biggest hero. my mom grew up learning from toph. just go train with her. stop being so scared. you know what. maybe i am scared, but what about you. i know that you want to go to the northern air temple to train with tenzin, but you haven't done it because you're afraid too. you know what. you're right. i don't want to leave my family and disappoint my mom. look at us talking about our feelings, supporting each other. it's nice. what were you thinking. and what were you thinking. you two have put me in an impossible position. you're mad at me. she's the one who was running around with criminals. this is all your fault. i was doing my job. ugh, all right, enough. here's what we're going to do. su, you need to leave the city as soon as possible. what. where am i supposed to go. you'll go stay with your grandparents. lin, give me the arrest report. mom, what are you doing. you can't cover this up. there were witnesses. i'm the chief of police. i can't have a daughter in jail. so, once again, su gets to do whatever she wants, and there are no consequences. this is our only option. you're going to feel a bit fragile, so it's probably best if you take it easy for a little while. i don't need to rest. i need to do something i should've done a long time ago. congratulations. you're the first metalbending avatar. so, um, i've been thinking, and i'd like to try to learn metalbending. i mean, i'm sure you have a waiting list or something, like, a couple years, so let's get started. i think lin is mad about something. su, it's time we talk. after 30 years, you're finally ready to talk. when we were in mom's office that day, you could have taken responsibility for what you did, but instead you stayed quiet and let mom throw her whole career away. mom didn't throw her career away. she retired the next year. she was a hero. you think she wanted to retire. she was so guiltridden about what she did to protect you, she didn't feel worthy of her badge. look, i admit that i was not a perfect kid and i've made some mistakes in the past, but you made some mistakes. lin, mom and i already talked about this years ago and worked things out. if you had gotten together with us like we'd asked, you would know that i'm a different person now. i've been a different person for a long time. you think just because you live in a big, fancy house and have a chef who cooks you fancy food that you're a different person. maybe you can fool everyone else, but you can't fool me. i see right through you. you know what, lin. you're the one who hasn't changed. you're still a bitter loner who only cares about herself. no wonder tenzin ended things with you years ago. okay, i guess this is how it's going to be. should i stop them. you don't have any siblings. fighting is all part of the healing process. go, mom. my sculpture. actually, it looks kind of better now. you got it out of your system. not quite yet. what are you two doing. you're sisters. why would you want to hurt each other. uh, who's gonna knock. oh. no, no, no, no, no, no. not me. you're the avatar. oh. no, no, no, no, no, no. not me. you're the avatar. why can't you do it. uh, i can. but i just thought that you i'll do it. uh, chief, you've been sleeping for 16 hours. we just wanted to make sure that you're okay. ooh. good morning. what's this. i call it the kalenutsco. it's a mixture of kale, coconut water, and walnuts. not bad. opal, don't go. please sit down. i want to talk to you. look, i'm just not really comfortable talking about these kinds of things, and, well i wanted to say i'm sorry about the other night. it's okay. your mother and i have a complicated relationship and it's probably difficult for you to be here. you're a smart young woman and an excellent airbender. i think it would be a wonderful opportunity for you to train with the other airbenders at the northern air temple. there's a part of me that wants to go, but i don't want to upset my mom. when i was younger, all i wanted to do was please my mother. i became a police chief because i thought it would make her happy, but it didn't. you need to make decisions based on what you want. don't make the same mistakes i did. mom. dad. can i talk to you. opal has decided to go to the northern air temple. i'm guessing you had something to do with her decision. well, i was just it's okay. i'm glad she was honest with me. i want her to do what makes her happy. mom gave us too much freedom, but i feel like i've made the mistake of giving opal too little. i think it's time i let her choose her own way. i'm sorry i gave you such a hard time when we were younger. i can't imagine what my life would've been like if mom hadn't sent me away, if i had stayed in the city. you'd probably be in prison. you're probably right. mako told me that you're an excellent police chief. republic city is lucky to have you. i know mom is proud. can we move on. i'd love for you to be a part of my life again. there's plenty of space for you in the house, and the kids would love having their aunt around. i do need a codirector for my new dance performance. whoa. slow down. how about for now, i just promise not to show up at your house and attack you again. deal. we should have grabbed one of those cops. maybe they know something about where the avatar is hiding. she could be anywhere. we'll find her. it's just the matter of time. she's with the metal clan. )