earth. fire. air. water. only the avatar can master all four elements and bring balance to the world. republic city is at war. after discovering that her father, hiroshi sato, is working with the enemy, asami turns against him. and following another defeat at the hands of the equalist, lin beifong resigned as chief of police. with the equalist army growing stronger who will help the avatar stop amon and restore balance to the city. you're finally here. welcome to air temple island. your new home. yes, welcome to my domain. well, aren't you sweet little monk child. what's that fuzzy creature. that is a fire ferret, an arboreal mammal common to the bamboo forest south of the central earth kingdom aw, he's cute. hip hip, fly sky bison, fly. thanks for sending the air acolytes to help us with the move. yes, they've been amazing. such tireless workers. that's your home bring a few things. trust me, it could have been worse. no problem, everyone here wants you guys to feel welcome. you're pretty, can i have some of your hair. looks like i have some competition. and now for the grand tour. the flying bisons live in those caves down there, and that's the temple grandpa aang built and that's the grey house we'll be going fast to eat. i have a couple of questions. is that all there on that island. is that where we train airbending. do we have to wear air acolyte clothes. do we each get a sky bison. and final question, how many trees are on this island. yes, yes, no, no, ten thousand five hundred fiftytwo. so, where are we gonna be staying. i'm a boy. meelo why don't you go with the boys too. you'll see me again soon, beautiful woman. ikki and i will take you to your room, this way. asami, did you know korra likes mako. oh, uh, no, i wasn't completely aware of that. hey. run along, ikki. so here's your room. i know this is a little rustic compared to what you're used to. i think it's really charming and the best part about it, nothing here reminds me of my father. thank you for your hospitality. ikki, i swear if you don't leave us alone, i'm gonna tenzin. come right in. good day, ladies. asami, welcome to the island. thank you for helping me. beifong's replaced with saikhan. he's going to be inducted as the new chief of police later. i think we should both be there. it was an honor serving under chief beifong for so many years. and i wish her a speedy recovery. it is with great humility that i take her place as the new chief of police. republic city is facing a threat like none the world has ever seen. but there's one man who has been effective against amon's revolution, councilman tarlokk. that is why for all matters involving the equalists, i'll report directly to him. the police department will hand any and all available resources to the councilman and his task force. until we calm this insurgency. what is that weasel snake tarlokk up to now. tarlokk i don't know what you did to get chief saikhan in your pocket, but i highly doubt it was legal. oh tenzin, always the conspiracy theorist. did you ever consider saikhan simply recognizes my talent at once is what's best for this city. wow, avatar korra, long time no see. now that your little probending distractions are over, i look forward to your return to my task force. forget it, there's no way i'm rejoining your vanity project. that is unfortunate to hear, but i'm sure you'll come to your senses as you have in the past. don't hold your breath bud, you know tenzin has been right about you all along. you played me, you played beifong and now you're playing the new chief too. well, i got news for you, you need me, but i don't need you, i'm the avatar. you're not, in fact ,the avatar, you are merely a halfbaked avatar in training. which reminds me, how is your airbending going. made any significant progress with that. i didn't think so. if you will not be part of my task force then you'd best stay out of my way. i don't understand what's wrong with me. i've memorized nearly all of the practice forms, but i still can't produce a single measly puff of air. i'm a failure. no you're not. you just need to work through this airbending block. amazing advice. i'll get right on that. i wasn't finished yet. you see, aang not only had his bending teachers, but also his past lives to call upon for guidance. have you ever had contact with your past lives. no, of course i haven't. didn't you get the memo from the white lotus. i'm a spiritual failure, too. you may have made a connection without realizing it. perhaps something you mistook as a dream. maybe. i had a few weird hallucinations, but i hardly remember them. did you see any of the previous avatars in these visions. i saw aang. it seemed like he was in trouble. what do you think it means. i don't know. but i urge you to meditate on these visions. i believe aang's spirit must be trying to tell you something. korra. are you out here. korra. here you are. are you okay. i'm fine. come on, what's wrong. you can tell us. how am i supposed to save this city, when i can't even learn airbending. i'm the worse avatar ever. i just feelalone. that's nonsense, you're amazing. yeah and remember, aang hadn't mastered all the elements while battling the fire nation. he was just a little kid. and he wasn't alone, he had his friends to help him. look the arena might be shut down, but we're still a team, the new team avatar. we got your back korra and we can save the city, together. yeah, let's do it. yeah, let's do it. what are we doing. get ready, republic city. you are about to be patrolled by team avatar. asami you always know how to accessorize your outfits. i figure one way to fight equalists is to use an equalist weapon. all right, let's ride. naga away. alright, scratch that, any other ideas. hmm. i think i have the answer. you think this will do. i like the new team avatar's style. unit 216 cancel that 1058 in army tower. come back to the station, over. my dad had police scanner installed in all of his car, i guess now i know why. all available units, level four alert, jailbreak at headquarters. officers down electric unit. chiblockers and equalist convoy are still at large armed and dangerous last seen heading east. i repeat level four alert equalist chiblockers. let's get them. korra, bolin, give me a ramp. now. hold me up, we got to make this turn. they don't know we made the turn. get ready. avatar korra, what do you think you're doing. oh hey tarlokk, nice for you to show up finally. here we captured these escaped convicts for you. what you did was tear up the city in depit of real authority in their pursuit of these criminals. that's funny, i didn't see a little task force or the cops the whole time. if it wasn't for team avatar, they would have gotten away. this is your last warning, stay out of my way. republic city stand as a beacon of freedom, but the equalist are using that freedom to tear it down. the law i have proposed would make it illegal for anyone to be a member of the equalist or even be associated with them. it also put into effect a curfew insuring all nonbenders are in their own homes by night fall. this is going too far tarlokk, you can't punish all nonbenders for the action of a few. that kind of cowardness will cause our city to fall into amon's hands. we must pass this law. all in favor. all available unit please respond to the 50600 block at dragon plattsburo. equalist have taken the street consider them armed and dangerous. proceed with caution. i'll go front. after you. what a gentlemen, thanks. why is the power out. wait a second these people aren't armed or dangerous. sure doesn't look that way. all nonbenders return to your homes immediately. yeah, as soon as your turn our power back on. disperse or you will all be arrested. you benders can't treat us this ways. mommy look it's the avatar. please help us. you're our avatar too. everyone please stay calm, i'm gonna put a stop to this. tarlokk you need to turn the power back on and leave these people alone. avatar korra you and your playmate have no business here. we're not going anywhere. you don't have the right to treat these innocent people like criminals. this is an equalist rally, there isn't anything innocent about it. they are not equalist, they are just normal people who wants their rights back. they are the enemy. rounds up all these equalist. stop. hey. let me go. you're under arrest. what. you can't do that. yeah, i can she's a nonbender out past curfew and her father is a known equalist conspirator. let her go. arrest him and his brother. tarlokk. unless you want to join your friend in prison, i suggest you put those down and go back to the air temple. korra listen to him it's not worth it. we'll be alright. don't worry i'll call tenzin. he can get you out. so sad to see our little team avatar broken up. you had a good run. this isn't over tarlokk. oh, i believe it is. take them away. hey. i came as fast as i could. are your friends alright. i don't know, these knucklehead won't tell me anything. i'll take care of this. saikhan are we at lease. councilman tenzin, i'm pretty swarmed at the moment. can this wait. no it cannot. three of avatar korra friends were wrongly arrested tonight. i'd like you to release them immediately. they're not going anywhere. they were interfering with police business. your socalled police business was rounding up innocent people and claiming they were equalist. they should be released too. all equalist suspect are being detained indefinitely. they'll be free, if and when the task force deems they are no longer a threat. those people are entitled to due process under the law. you'll have to take with councilman tarlokk. oh, i plan to. at the consul meeting, first thing in the morning. you're officially the worse chief of police ever. calm down korra. i'll get this sorted out, we just need to be patient. but you really are the worst ever. wake up naga, let's go. wait for me here, girl. don't worry, i'll be alright. you and i need to talk. are any of the other council members here. i believe everyone has gone home for the night. then you should do the same. are you sure, sir. leave us. you obviously have something on your mind. spit it out. don't you see, you're doing exactly what amon says is wrong with benders. you are using your power to oppress and intimidate people. and you don't. ofof course not. isn't that what you came here to do. intimidate me into releasing your friend. see that's what i admire about you korra. your willingness to go to extreme in order to get what you want. it is a quality we both share. you and i are nothing alike. look, i'll make you a deal. you fall in line and do what i say and i'll release your friend. that's why you arrested them, to get to me. i need your answer. no. you might be able to manipulate chief saikhan into following you, but it won't work on me. you will regret that decision. you need to be stopped. you're just as bad as amon. i've tried to work with you korra, but you have made it impossible. still think i'm a halfbaked avatar. what are you gonna do now. you're all out of water pal. you're in my way avatar. and you need to be removed. you'reyou're a bloodbender. very observant. it's not a full moon. howhow are you doing this. there are a lot of things you don't know about me. where are you taking me. somewhere where no one will find you. say goodbye to republic city avatar korra. you'll never see it again. you can't do this. let me out. )