earth fire air water. only the avatar can master all four elements and bring balance to the world. unalaq has forced korra into opening the northern portal and trapped jinora in the spirit world. back in republic city, everybody loves varrick's nuktuk movers. everybody, that is, except mako, whose pursuit of varrick has landed him in the slammer. and in the southern water tribe, unalaq's army is nearing victory in the civil war. but tonraq isn't about to give up without a fight. dad's back. where's jinora. no. her spirit is trapped in the spirit world, but she's going to be all right. how could this happen. it was all my fault. i should have never let jinora enter the spirit world without me. i couldn't protect her. i'm so sorry, pema. i tried to save her, but unalaq tricked me. don't worry, honey, i'm not going to stop until our little girl is back safe with us. you've got a visitor. hey, mako. hey. what's with the fancy duds. i'm on my way to the big finale hero of the south. yeah, everyone's gonna be there, except for, you know, you because you're in jail and stuff. thanks for the reminder. hey, i brought you something. i thought this would brighten up your new place. read the inscription. "dear mako, nuktuk says, 'keep smiling. '" did you come by just to give me a poster. no, i came by to give you my sincere, heartfelt words of encouragement. i know our lives have been moving in two different directions, but i want you to know that i will always be there for you. we are brothers, after all, even if one of us is a member of high society and the other one is a criminal. i am not a criminal. of course i know that, but you do kinda look like one, 'cause you're in a jail, and that's where criminals live. i was set up. varrick knew i had figured out he was hiring gangsters to pose as northern soldiers to get republic city to join the war. that's why he had me arrested. ah, i see what you're doing. you're going for the insanity defense. smart. no. i'm trying to tell you that varrick isn't what he seems. where's asami. she'll listen to me. i asked her to come, but she said it was too hard for her. you being in jail like this reminds her of her dad. okay, gotta run, but i'll be back tomorrow. and i am gonna get you the best attorney fame and fortune can buy. bolin, wait. if my theory about varrick is right, something might go down tonight at your premiere. promise me you'll keep your eyes peeled. yeah, okay, big brother. i promise. whew. that insanity defense is definitely gonna work. should we wait another day. korra still might come with reinforcements. we can't wait any longer. it's time we take back what is ours. it's time to take back our city. say "nuktuk. " there they are, folks, the sweethearts of the big screen, and republic city's most famous couple, bolin and ginger. let me get a picture. wow, that was fun. and did you hear what shiro said. we're republic city's most famous couple. bolin, you're a doll, but you're as dumb as the rocks you bend. we are not a couple. that's not what shiro said. stop stuffing your moustaches with varricakes and get to your post. you got it, boss. you two are the pinnacle of refinement. this starstudded event just keeps getting starstuddier, folks. president raiko and the first lady, buttercup raiko, just arrived. and they're being greeted by entrepreneur extraordinaire, varrick. there they are, my two most honored guests. mwah. what do you think. no expense has been spared. i brought in the finest entertainers from ba sing se and the best food from around the world. heck, i even had this red carpet imported from the fire nation. they make the best red stuff over there. in fact all right, picture time. varrick, you didn't have to do all this for us. i wanted to. mr. president, i took one look at your wife, and i knew that you were a man of exquisite taste. and that's why i know you're gonna love this mover. varrick, i know what you're doing, and i doubt your propaganda is going to change my mind about going to war with the northern water tribe. oh, i think you'll be surprised how persuasive i can be. thank you all for coming to the finale hero of the south. you know, when i first started this project, there were a lot of naysayers out there. "you can't make pictures move," they said. "you can't take some knucklehead earthbender and make him a star," they said. "you can't teach a polar bear dog to speak," they said. well, they're wrong. thanks to the magic of the movers, our furry friends have found their voices. and you'll be shocked to hear what they have to say. they speak of the injustice that's happening in the southern water tribe right now. my hope is that their words and this epic mover will inspire a reallife hero to rise up and help. thank you again. enjoy the show. when last we left our hero, be was captured by the evil unalaq's dastardly pet bird. amazingly, with the power of his whistling, nuktuk escaped and decided to seek out counsel. thank you, wise sage. i will travel to republic city and seek help. have a seat. i'm just working on a cure for the common cold. no longer will my citizens suffer from the sniffles. mr. president, there's something more important than the sniffles right now. i need your help to stop the evil unalaq. did you say "help". if there is one thing i love doing, it's helping people. the seal line seemed a bit farfetched, but the portrayal of this president is right on the money. i think this is your best mover yet. i just wish mako was here to see it. mmm. i like to eat the top off the varricake first. i just try to shove the whole thing in my mouth at once. i love our job. huh. northern water tribe automatons. nooo. bee bo bop, nuktuk cannot stop unalaq. must destroy nuktuk. ha ha. aah. looks like you forgot that water and automatons don't mix. beep bop boo. oh, no, circuits not working. we did it. but wait. where's juji. nukno. you can't die, juji. not on my watch. it's okay, nuktuk. at least i got to be your friend. juji. are you okay. it seems like this mover is really getting to you. you do know juji's not really dead. of course i know. juji's fine. he comes back to life in the end when the doomsday device shifts the polarity of the earth. oops. spoiler. sorry. then what's wrong. i guess i just miss my friends. everything is going so well for me, but it feels empty without everyone around. korra's gone, mako's in jail, you're doing business lady stuff. team avatar's fallen apart. i know. things have changed so much since we first met. why don't you come back in and fish watching the mover with me. you go ahead. i need another minute. that's weird. whoa ahh. ugh. they're after the president. you're too late, nuktuk. soon, my doomsday device will shoot this block of ice into the earth's core, freezing the entire planet. and i will be the ruler of ice earth. i don't think so. i don't think so. huh. ha. mr. president, get back. i'm here to help. looks like there's nowhere to go. uhh. secure the president and call for backup immediately. nuktuk, look out. bolin, look out. hyah. this is unbelievable. bolin is bending two full stacks of earth discs at once, which would normally be illegal. but then again, he's fighting three waterbenders, so all rules are out the window. tell me who sent you. it was varrick. please don't hurt me, nuktuk. i think this is our cue to exit. where do you think you're going. it's a knockout. they're falling back. varrick's plan was to kidnap you and blame it on the north. then republic city would have no choice but to join the war on the side of the south. i can't believe varrick would do something like this, and no one saw it coming. actually, someone did. remember mako. you've got a great officer on your hands. he's one of the best. mwah. i can't believe my boyfriend is a reallife hero. boyfriend. wait, stop. i thought you said we weren't a couple. you really are as dumb as those rocks. of course we're a couple. bolin, you saved the president. and you proved mako was right all along. we have to go tell him what happened. yeah. oh, you meant right now. president raiko avatar korra, what's wrong. sir, i know i've asked for your help before, but things have changed. unalaq doesn't just want to take over the south anymore. he wants to destroy the whole world. unalaq is gonna destroy the world. he really does have a doomsday device. he's trying to release a powerful dark spirit during harmonic convergence, which is only a few days away. if he succeeds, the world as we know it is over. sir, we desperately need your help. i'm sorry, korra, but my answer is still no. there are lives on the line. and my daughter is one of them. raiko, you must reconsider. i'm aware that lives are on the line, and that's precisely why my troops are staying here. if the world is going to be thrown into chaos, like you claim, i need to protect my citizens. i'm sorry. sir nuktuk needs your help. i know you love helping people. son, i appreciate you saving my life, and i'm a big fan of your work, but my decision is final. i never should have saved that guy. if you guys need help, i'm here for you. yeah, me too. thank you. it's so good to see you guys again. wait, where's mako. so how was the big premiere. i saved the president. in real life. wait, what. you were right about varrick. he tried to kidnap raiko. i knew it. but it didn't work, because of you. and because of me. let's just say we both did good. beifong says you're free to go. sorry for ever doubting you, mako. don't worry about it, bro. nice job, mako. you're going to make a great detective. but, chief, there aren't any detective openings right now. actually, we have two openings. mwah. mako, i missed you so much. oh, yeah, did i forget to tell you. korra's back. korra, hey, i missed you too. so you're not still mad at me. why would i be mad. we had that fight before you left, remember. no, not really. i got attacked by a dark spirit, and i lost my memory for a little while. maybe it hasn't all come back yet. was it a bad fight. uh mm no. no, it it wasn't that bad. korra, we don't have much time. we need to figure out how to deal with unalaq. i think i know just the man to talk to. guys, hey. what do you think. varrick industries built this prison, and i had this cell made special. i had a feeling i'd end up here one day. zhu li, come on. we got guests. whip up a pot of that green tea i love. yes, sir. zhu li's in prison with you. of course. i don't go anywhere without my assistant. do you. we're not interested in your tea, and this isn't a friendly visit. don't tell me you guys are still mad about everything that happened. i did some good things too. korra, who warned you about unalaq. i did. bolin, who got you into the movers. i did. asami, who saved your company. i did. mako, who got you thrown in jail. i did. oh, yeah, i guess that was a bad thing. you stole everything from me, and you tried to kidnap the president. those are pretty bad too. i wasn't going to hurt him. i just needed to start a war. well, a bigger war. well, we're gonna end it. where's all the stuff you stole from asami. the future industries stuff. it's on my battleship. you have a battleship. of course i do. i bought the first one they made, named her the zhu li. you named your battleship after your assistant. yep. they're both cold, heartless war machines. your tea, sir. look, i am truly sorry for the mess i caused. let me make it up to you. take zhu li. my battleship, it's yours, and everything on it. it's not the fleet we were looking for, but it's the next best thing. all right. team avatar is back in business. it's okay. we're gonna stop unalaq and get jinora back. i hope my dad's all right. i'm sure he's fine. get the men and fall back. what about you. i'm going to end this right now. go. hello, tonraq. looking for me. brother, i'm too strong for you. you're no brother of mine. you betrayed me. you had me banished. yes, i did. stop. he's mine. you are not the true chief. i am. and you will bow to me. now that i've defeated you, your daughter is next. what's up with the coat. and where did you get that pie. it's a varrick ship. you never know what you're gonna find. there's a whole level filled with funhouse mirrors. of course, there's also the catgator deck. i miss that guy. he really knew how to make a long trip interesting. so have you told korra yet about how you guys broke up and then you kind of started dating asami while she was off getting attacked by dark spirits. you wanna keep it down. i'm waiting for the right moment. oh, mako. you know, a wise man once told me that delivering bad news to a girlfriend was like ripping off a bloodsucking leech. you just have to do it fast and get it over with. i hate it when you listen to me. fine. unalaq will be waiting for you. you'll need all of your avatar power to stop him. i'm going to close the spirit portals, lock vaatu in for another 10,000 years, and make unalaq wish he'd never been born. thanks, mako. uh um did you want something. uh, no, no, nothing. as soon as we reach the southern water tribe, we'll blast through the blockade at the main port. then we can rendezvous with tonraq and his troops, crash through the defenses around the portal, and enter the spirit world. whoa, since when does my little brother want to crash or blast through anything. i'll do whatever it takes to save my daughter. we all want to save jinora, but i think your plan might be a tad overaggressive, seeing as there are only seven of us and one ship. really. and what do you suggest. an attack like this calls for strategy. i remember when i was surrounded by pirates in the hurricane straits. we managed to capture them all with just a feather, two eggs, and a barrel of molasses. i don't want to hear any of your crazy stories now. this is serious. are we almost there. almost. but i just picked up a distress signal from the southern troops. there's a problem. mom. i'm so happy you're here. where's dad. unalaq wiped out the entire southern resistance and captured your father. i'll get him back. where is my mother. she's in the healing hut. so many injured. what happened. her soul is trapped in the spirit world. oh, my goodness. how long has she been away. almost a week. i've tried to keep her energy flowing, but i can feel her slipping away. you're the only one who can help her now, mom. how much longer can she survive like this. i don't know. but she's very strong to have lasted this long. i talked to the rebels. they said unalaq's got the southern portal surrounded. harmonic convergence is only a few hours away. then we have to break through the enemy lines ourselves and get to the portal now. there's no use in talking anymore. we know what our mission is. a suicide mission. you know, i was in a similar situation once. my platoon had crawled through the desert with no water for a week, but when we finally located the only oasis for 100 miles, it was surrounded by angry sandbenders. i realized our only chance to get to the water was to drop in from above. so i fashioned together a catapult, and with the help of a few welltrained hogmonkeys enough of your ridiculous lies. can't you see that the fate of the world and jinora's life depends on what we do here today. hold on. maybe bumi's right. we don't have a catapult and hogmonkeys, but we have a flying bison, and there's a plane on varrick's ship. maybe we can attack from above. what are you thinking. mako, bolin, and i can use the plane to create a distraction and scatter some of the defenses. you, tenzin, bumi, and kya can fly into the spirit portal on oogi when you see an opening. t's get moving. what are we still doing here, father. the invasion was completely successful, and the southern tribe is under our control. the spirit portals are open. you've restored balance. now we would like to go home. you don't understand. everything i've achieved so far will pale in comparison with what i'm about to accomplish. what else is there. the water tribe is united. after today, there will be no more water tribe, no more nations of any kind. the world is about to be transformed into something magnificent and new, and i will lead this glorious revolution. now go outside and get the troops ready to defend the spirit portal. from whom. we've already beaten everyone. the avatar will be here soon. she has no choice. are you ready. i'm an earthbender strapped to the wing of a plane hundreds of feet in the air, so no. don't worry. there's no way they'll be expecting this. i think they were expecting it. asami. get ready. fire. there are spirits everywhere. i don't see an opening. let's circle around and see if we can find a way in from the other side. hold on. the spirits are weighing oogi down. we're losing altitude. get off of him, you sticky, nasty, little blob of goo. whoa. if i go, you're coming with me. aah. bumi. i wish varrick was filming this. we could call it sky warrior. brace yourselves. dad. korra, i'm so sorry. i failed you. don't give up. harmonic convergence isn't here yet. we still have a chance. we tried. congratulations, everyone. you've all got frontrow seats for the beginning of the new world order. you don't know what you're doing, unalaq. freeing vaatu won't make you powerful. it will only make you a traitor to everything good that's happened for the last 10,000 years. you think what avatar wan did was good. driving almost all the spirits from this world. the avatar hasn't brought balance, only chaos. you call yourself the bridge between the two worlds, but there shouldn't be a bridge. we should live together as one. even if vaatu escapes, i'll put him right back in his prison, just like wan did. it's true that, when wan fused with raava, he tipped the scales in her favor. but this time, i'll be here to level the playing field. when harmonic convergence comes, i will fuse with vaatu. and together, we will become the new avatar. a dark avatar. your era is over. think about what you're doing. i know that you've always had a deep connection with the spirits, but you're still a man. you're still my brother. you're eska and desna's father. are you willing to throw your humanity away to become a monster. i'll be no more of a monster than your own daughter. the only difference is that, while she can barely recognize her own spiritual power, i will be in complete alignment with mine. vaatu and i will be as one. no one will be able to stand against us. keep them locked up. after the harmonic convergence, i will come for korra. yes, father. i failed in every way. we've lost jinora forever. there's still a chance. they didn't get bumi. oh, you want to play some more. well, bring it on. oh, we're playing dirty, huh. hmm, looks like we've got a music lover here. reinforcements. all right, soldiers. looks like it's on us to save the day. luckily, i've got a plan. eska, desna, listen to me. you've got to help us stop unalaq. i know he's your father, but vaatu has made him completely crazy. we will never turn on our father. please, if you let me out now, i can still stop him from destroying everything. once he fuses with vaatu, no one will be safe. desna, he won't be your father anymore. you don't know what you're talking about. our father is the wisest man in the world. if he says what he is doing is right, i believe him. huh. you know, if i wanted some ball of evil lurking over my shoulder all the time, i'd have stayed home with my motherinlaw. all right, spirit army, your general is here. follow me. it's working. it's not working. get me out of here. whoohoo. aah. all right, guys. rescue time. bumi, how did you manage to take out this entire encampment on your own. i did it all with my trusty flute and oh, never mind. you wouldn't believe it anyway. let's get moving. you run into the portal. i'll try to hold off anyone who comes after you. no, you're too hurt. you need a healer. asami, can you take oogi and my dad back to my mom. mmhmm. this is my fight now. korra. i love you. i love you too, dad. yipyip. once we're inside, you go find jinora. mako and bolin will take care of unalaq while i close the portal, so vaatu can't escape. wait a second. worstcase scenario. so we're fighting unalaq, you close the portals, and let's just say something happens to you. are we gonna be trapped in there for eternity. if everything goes as planned, we'll all walk out together after harmonic convergence. if not let's go. tenzin, go find jinora. come on. you're running out of time, raava. i know you feel it coming. )