earth. fire. air. water. only the avatar can master all four elements and bring balance to the world. the avatar has gone missing. after president raiko refused korra's request to aid the south in the war of the water tribes, she headed to the fire nation, seeking a new ally against unalaq. but unbeknownst to her friends, a dark spirit attacked korra and dragged her into the ocean. she has washed up on a desolate island with no memory of who she is. we found the avatar washed up onshore, but she doesn't remember anything. raava. raava. raava. a dark energy has infected her. we must purge it before it destroys her avatar spirit. let the waters cleanse the darkness that plagues your spirit. who are you. i am you. who am i. you are the avatar. i don't know what that is. in order to remember, you must regain your connection with your avatar spirit. if you don't, darkness will engulf the world. you will die, and our era will end. how do i regain my connection. go back. return to the beginning. find raava. are you raava. no, but i can help you find her. my name is wan, and i will show you how i became the first avatar. nobody steals from the chou brothers. really. because i just did. you're dead, wan. actually, i feel quite alive. hey, stop. hey, fellas. you're just in time for lunch. oh. i told you no one steals from us. did you steal from the chous again. yeah, and i got nothing to show for it except a few dirty rolls and a whole lot of bruises. hey, yao, i got some food for you. mmm. delicious. thank you, wan. you guys are hungry too, huh. wan, you should eat. they need it more than i do. besides, i'm tired of eating scraps. if only there was some way to get into the chous' food cellar. we'd be eating like well, like chous. if chou the elder catches you sneaking into his palace, you'll end up dead. or worse, he'll banish you to the spirit wilds. no, don't get banished. you don't want nothing to do with those spirits. they'll get inside ya, scramble up your mind, turn ya into this a monster. don't do anything crazy, wan. you just gotta accept the world is the way it is. some people have power. some people don't. and you don't. not yet, anyway. are you strong. are you fearless. do you have what it takes to battle the spirits. then join the hunt. count me in. we're going to be out in the wilds for a week. you wouldn't last two seconds. i can handle myself. we all get fire, right. yeah, but do you know how to use it. well, not exactly, but i ah, let him come. not like we got any other volunteers lining up. all right. welcome to the hunt. the lion turtle. great guardian of our city, we are venturing into the spirit wilds to bring back food for our people. please, grant us the power of fire. the power is yours to keep until your return. you're first, kid. may the element of fire protect you against the spirits. whoa. just make sure you aim at the spirits, not us, okay. sure thing. everyone stay close. spirits love to pick off stragglers. uh, guys. i don't think i can do this. now, quit your whining. we haven't even seen a spirit yet. i think i wanna go home. i knew you were nothing but a sniveling coward. go give your fire back to the lion turtle, and don't ever show your face around me again. wan, you're back. what goodies did you snatch for us this time. what did you do. you can't steal from the lion turtle. really. because i just did. you know it's forbidden to bring the power of the element into the city. please, go back to the lion turtle and return the fire. jaya, it's time to stop being so afraid of the chous and show them we have the power to change things. hey, chous. open the gate, and let us in. what are those filthy peasants doing here. don't worry, father. we'll take care of them. hand over all the food you're hoarding, and we won't give you any trouble. you're not getting past us. we have the weapons. you're powerless. powerless, huh. follow me. grab as much food as you can. maybe you're right. maybe we do have the power to change things. stop right there. looks like the chous found backup. get everyone out of here. i'll hold them off. no, please. have mercy. wan. even when you have the power, you're afraid to use it. tell me who else was involved in the rebellion, and i might take mercy on you. i'm not telling you anything. then, you've left me no choice. wan, you are hereby banished. yeah. and give back the fire you stole. no. wait. great lion turtle, i am sorry for stealing the fire from you, and i accept my punishment. but please, i need to be able to protect myself in the wilds. never again may you return to this city. but i will allow you to keep the power of the element. bet he doesn't last till morning. hey, watch where you're stepping, human. who said that. down here. how'd you like it if i started walking all over you. you're just a little frog. who's little now. get off me. get off me. you are not welcome in my oasis, human. please, help me. i'm starving, and i haven't slept all night. not my problem. let me pass. you dare use fire against me. now, be gone with you. and who might you be. i am bushy, the bush spirit. and i would like to enter your oasis. very well. you may pass. wait a second. something stinks. i knew i smelled a human. come on, let me in, just for a little while. no. go back to your lion turtle. believe me, i'd love to go back home. but i can't. i was kicked out. that's too bad. poor human. don't pity him. he's just like every other human: ugly, destructive, and lacking any respect for nature. who are you calling ugly, ugly. hmm. if you can't go back to your city, then you should go live in another one. what. there are other lion turtles. "there are other lion turtles." of course there are, dozens of them. boy, you humans are stupid too. so which way to the nearest lion turtle city. hmm. i think it's on the other side of noneofyourbusiness valley. real funny. you know what. i don't need your help. i'll find it myself. good luck. it's okay. i'm gonna get you out of there. finally, we caught something. get it down. back off. wan. what are you doing here. i'm saving this animal. that animal's our dinner. now, get out of the way. no. ahh. he help. help. get 'em off. get 'em off. ahh. well, looks like you're all out of tricks, wan. i really hate humans. no, no. i don't know what he's screaming about. he's betterlooking now. i feel great. what's in this water. it has special healing properties. thanks. so what did you do to that hunter. spirits are able to take over a human body for a short time. if i stayed in there any longer, i would've killed him, which i did consider. thanks for saving my neck. but why'd you do it. i saw you save the catdeer from those hunters. i've never seen such an act of selflessness from a human before. told you i wasn't like the others. guess i underestimated you, human. are you off to find another lion turtle city. i was. but i think i've had enough of humans for a while. i've decided to stay here and learn the ways of the spirits. what a great idea. that'll be fun. oh, now, now, hold on. a human living with spirits. it's never been done. first time for everything, right. hmm. i guess we can try it. i've never had a human as a pet before. i think i'll call you "stinky. " the name is wan. stinky is more accurate. what happened in the wilds. where are the others. gone. spirits took them. they were protecting that kid wan like he was one of their own. did you hear that. wan's still alive. and the way wan moves fire, it's like nothing i've ever seen. he uses it like it's an extension of his body. wan has proven that with the power of fire, anyone can survive in the wilds. we don't have to live under chou the elder's rules anymore, so i say we leave this city and start over. who's with me. you ready to go, mula. you sure you want to leave. yes, it's time i see the rest of the world and find the other lion turtle cities. i'm proud to call you my friend, stinky. thank you for everything. goodbye, everyone. we'll miss you. the allpowerful spirits are battling. they're gonna wipe out the entire valley. stop, or you'll destroy everything. this doesn't concern you, human. it does when the lives of spirits and animals are in danger. if you're a friend to spirits, then use your fire to help me break free. don't involve the human. this is between us. please, save me. she has tormented me for 10,000 years. let him go. thank you, human. you have performed a great service for the spirits. do you realize what you've done. yeah, i helped a spirit who was being bullied by you. you are gravely mistaken. i was keeping him under control. and what gives you the right. you don't even know who i am, do you. should i. yes. my name is raava. that spirit you freed is vaatu. he is the force of darkness and chaos. i am the force of light and peace. since the beginning of time, we have battled over the fate of this world. and for the past 10,000 years, i have kept darkness under control and the world in balance, until you came along. so by freeing vaatu, i let chaos into the world. precisely. the human and spirit realms are headed toward annihilation, and it's all your fault. raava, i found you. should we pull her up. no. she is connecting with her deepest avatar memories. she must confront her own past if she is to move forward. we can only hope that she survives her ordeal. the human and spirit realms are headed toward annihilation, and it's all your fault. this is why humans have no place interfering in the business of spirits. this world is home to all of us, and what happens here is everyone's business. thanks to you, this world may cease to exist. i only hope i can track down vaatu before it's too late. let me help you. i don't want your help. don't interfere with me again, human. let's get moving. do you see that, mula. people. and they have some kind of wind power. more humans. i found you. aah. wait. i'm friendly. huh. the legends are true. another lion turtle city. and it's flying. i have got to get over there. there. okay, mula. wish me luck. oh, no wow. hi, how are you. i'm wan. i'm sorry to interrupt, but it's been a while since i've seen other humans. where did you come from, stranger. another lion turtle city far away. for the past two years, i've been living among the spirits and exploring the wilds. remarkable. come. sit with us. we would love to hear of your travels. vaatu. so we meet again, human. why is the great spirit of darkness here but not his other half. uh, i'll explain later. leave these people in peace. they've done nothing to harm you. be gone. how are you feeling since our split, raava. i've never been better. when harmonic convergence comes, i will destroy you forever. i told you not to interfere. i had to do something. these people were in danger. great spirit of light, we thank you for your help. but how did you become split from vaatu. ask him. it wasn't my fault. vaatu tricked me into freeing him. i'd take it all back if i could. it's too late for that. now that vaatu is free, he is turning other spirits dark. the more spirits he turns, the stronger he becomes. he's getting bigger, and you're getting smaller. as darkness grows, light fades. i'm sorry for endangering your village, but i promise to set things right. how. great lion turtle, i ask that you grant me the power of air so that i can defeat vaatu before it's too late. you already carry the power of fire. no human has ever held two elements at the same time. i'm not like other humans. i can learn to do it. hmm, perhaps. but to do so, raava must hold the power for you until you master it. ancient one, why would i do that for a human. especially one who's caused so much trouble. raava, please, i can't let the world fall into chaos because of my mistake. neither of us can defeat vaatu alone, but together we have a chance. you may be right. very well. i will help you to master the power of air. thank you. and in return, i will help you restore balance to the world. what's this harmonic thing vaatu was talking about. harmonic convergence. that is when vaatu and i must battle for the fate of the world. how long do we have until then. about a year in your time. then we better start training. all right, i'm ready to try air. how's this gonna work. the only way for me to give you the other element is to pass through your body and combine our energies. great. so you've done this before. no. this has never even been attempted. it is very dangerous. that's what they said about living in the spirit wilds, and i survived that. i'm ready. give me the air. it feels completely different. if you and vaatu have the same fight every 10,000 years, why hasn't one of you destroyed the other. he cannot destroy light any more than i can destroy darkness. one cannot exist without the other. even if i defeat vaatu in this encounter, darkness will grow inside me until he emerges again. the same will hold true if vaatu defeats me. that doesn't sound so bad. even if vaatu wins, you'll come back. yes, but you will probably not survive to see it. vaatu will destroy the world as you know it. darkness will cover the earth for 10,000 years. if i'm gonna help you battle vaatu, then i should visit more lion turtles. why is there so much conflict between humans and spirits in the first place. this physical world is where humans come from. spirits come from another realm. at the north and south poles, the two realms intersect. over time, more and more spirits have drifted into this world. humans have been forced apart, settling on the lion turtles who protect them and losing touch with each other. most people think they live in the only human city in the world. most humans think only of themselves, no matter how many others are around. when you pass through me, i feel an incredible rush of power. i feel like i'm changing. the more we practice, the stronger i become. smells like smoke. humans are nearby. let's check it out. a spirit. easy there, fellas. we're friendly. i can't believe it. wan. jaya. what are you doing out here. ha ha. you inspired us. once we heard that you survived out in the wilds, we decided to try it too. where's yao. did he come with you. yes, but sadly, he didn't make it. we we lost a lot of good men along the way. so why were you protecting this spirit. this is raava. don't worry. she's not like the dark spirits you've probably run into. dark spirits. what's the difference. we throw fire at any spirit we see around here. just like they attack any man. you have no idea what you're doing. you're only making things worse. the spirits are coming back. let's wipe 'em out this time. we'll burn down this whole forest if we have to. what happened to you. when did you become so violent. you showed me we could change the world if we just stopped being so afraid. now we're doing it. this isn't what i had in mind. get out of the forest, humans. wait. we can resolve this peacefully. stinky. you came back. it's good to see you again. you and raava are just in time to help us clear these treekilling firelovers out of here just like the old days. you are the one who's getting cleared out. there's no need for violence. i know there must be a way to work out a compromise. you have a good heart, stinky. these fire tossers aren't like you. spirits like him killed our friends. i can't let them get away with that. we are protectors of the forest. we won't let you burn it down. it's vaatu. he's growing stronger, using their anger to turn them to his side. wipe them out. stop, please. raava, we need to combine our energies. maybe then we'll have enough power to stop this. enough. you need to stop fighting now before you destroy each other. stinky, wwhat happened. he's controlling all four elements. wan, i have to leave your body, or i'll destroy you. no. it's working. if you leave, the fighting will start again. wan. we have to go back. don't bother. your human friends have already been annihilated. no. enjoy your final days. see you at the end of the world. raava. i'm sorry, wan. we're almost there. i was wrong about you, wan. i had no idea that humans were capable of such nobility and courage. i'm sorry that we do not have much more time together. let's not give up before the battle's even begun. who knows what will happen. after all, this is my first harmonic convergence. this is the southern portal to the spirit world. here, vaatu and i will do battle once again at the place where the two worlds meet. are you ready for our final battle, raava. thanks to our friend separating us, i think this time, i may be rid of you once and for all. before you get to her, you'll have to go through me. no human can stand against me. haven't you heard the legends. i'm not a regular human anymore. uhh. i lived 10,000 lifetimes before the first of your kind crawled out of the mud. aah. oof oh. it was i who broke through the divide that separated the plane of spirits from the material world. to hate me is to give me breath. to fight me is to give me strength. now prepare to face oblivion. raava. the only way to win is together. ah. aah. i have to leave you. if i stay any longer, you will die. it doesn't matter. if you leave me now, vaatu will destroy everything. we have to finish this together. the harmonic convergence is about to begin. the era of raava is over. aah. we are bonded forever. this is your prison now. and i will close the portal so no human will ever be able to physically enter the spirit world and release you. the spirits must stop fighting with humans and return to their home in the spirit world. i will teach men to respect the spirits so that balance will be maintained. i will be the bridge between our two worlds. the world is entering a new age. our time protecting mankind is over. we will no longer give humans the power of the elements. different groups of people must learn to live together. this is my mission to use raava's light spirit to guide the world toward peace. i'm sorry, raava. i failed to bring peace. even with vaatu locked away, darkness still surrounds humanity. there wasn't enough time. don't worry. we will be together for all of your lifetimes. and we will never give up. i remember. do you know who you are. my name is korra. i'm the avatar. we've been raising this herd of air bison since the hundred year war. i never thought i'd be able to present one to the avatar. thank you for all your kindness. i wonder how long i've been away. that i cannot say, but you do not have much time left. the harmonic convergence is only weeks away. i have to close the spirit portal before that happens. )