earth. fire. air. water. only the avatar can master all four elements, and bring balance to the world. welcome to republic city, the place of hopes, dreams, and spirit wilds. this metropolis truly has something for everyone. visit air temple island, the hub for all air benders as they travel the world helping others. or take a stroll through beautiful avatar korra park, named in honor of youknowwho. we've missed her these past three years and we can't wait to welcome her home. get well soon, korra. and of course you'll want to see our most unique attractions, the spirit wilds. here spirits and people live harmoniously together, like this old codger and his new pals. yes sirree, this town is truly on the up and up. come be a part of the action in republic city. and of course, my biggest thanks goes to asami sato and future industries. she brought our old central terminal into the modern era. ladies and gentlemen, the world is entering a new age of peace and prosperity. soon, prince wu will take his rightful place on the earth kingdom throne, and thanks to our updated rail system, republic city and the earth kingdom will be united like never before. hey there, asami right. great train house. maybe you can give me a personal tour sometime, what do you say. i do like the idea of putting you on a train and sending you far, far away. that's that's funny. i like funny dames. maybe i should introduce myself, i'm prince wu, future king. yeah i'm aware of who you are. don't let my reputation intimidate you. i'm still human just like everyone else, only more human, like extrahuman, or, hmm, superhuman. superhuman. so, what do you say. can i show you a lowkey night out with a superhuman soon to be king. prince wu, president reiko has some really important king stuff to talk to you about. now. fine. think over the offer, i'll be back. he's a real charmer, huh. he's something. how can you stand being his bodyguard. well, i just remind myself that once he's on the throne, i go back to being a detective. and that works. i also go home and smash my head into the wall for an hour. you know, just to get the stress out. it's good to see you, mako. it's been too long. you hear from bolin lately. i haven't talked to him for a while, but he's coming in a few days for the coronation. and bei fong told me that korra is getting in tonight. i can't wait to see her. it's gonna be weird having the old team avatar back in the city after all these years. after your coronation the united forces will escort you to ba sing se. right, about that. are we all positive that the earth kingdom is safe enough for me to return. i don't have to remind everyone what happened to my great aunt three years ago. may she rest in peace. prince wu, i assure you kuvira has the earth kingdom pretty much stabilized at this point. define: "pretty much. " well, the roving bandits have mostly been dispersed. mostly. don't worry kid. the chances of you being assassinated are almost zero. almost. get out of here. we don't have anything left. now, you don't have anything left. it's safe to come out everyone, the airbenders are here. you finally made it. so, where are the rest of you. actually, it's just the two of us, but we're going to do everything we can to help. i'm opal, and this is kai it's nice to meet you. what. i called master tenzin because my state has been under siege by bandits for months. they blocked all the roads, cut off our supply lines, and all he sent is you two kids. hey, us two kids just took care of those three guys for you. there are hundreds more where they came from. my citizens are going hungry. our entire state is on the brink of collapse. unfortunately, the air nation is spread thin right now. we're all you have. we just got some good news. two more earth kingdom states have agreed to join us. excellent. thank you, bolin. we're 90% there, kuvira. that's great. julie, dish out some of that special celebration tea. none for me. i won't celebrate until the earth kingdom is 100% reunited. why have we stopped. apologies, there are rocks on the tracks. it's most likely bandits. we're sending troops to handle the situation. call them off. i will take care of the bandits myself. gah. owah. aah. oww. ahh. argh. ugh, ooh. ehh. ack, ohh. you're kuvira. and you're the bandits who have been causing chaos where i am trying to establish order, aren't you. we're sorry. we didn't know this was your train don't talk over me please, take mercy on us. stop groveling as if this is the worst day of your life. this is a good day. i'm gonna give you all the opportunity to rehabilitate yourselves and become productive members of your nation. right now, you're lost, but pledge your loyalty to me, and i'll give you a new purpose in your lives. of course, if you don't want to join, you could always stay right here. hopefully someone saves you before the next train speeds through, but i wouldn't count on it. no, we'll join. don't leave us here. we pledge our loyalty to you, great uniter. i don't know why we're leaving so early if you're just getting a haircut. the dinner at air temple island isn't until later tonight. because i'm not just getting a haircut. it's a spa day. we're talking minimum four hours. are you kidding me. what are you having done that takes four hours. a rejuvenating tea leaf skin wrap. have you ever gotten one of those, mako. yeah, i'm not interested. oh, you will be. so while your hands soak in a bubbling milk bath, your feet are in a tub full of these little suckerfish that literally eat your calluses away. gobble them right up. crazy, huh. that's disgusting. then they scrape your skin with blocks of sea salt, lube you up with seaweed infused aloe, wrap you in tea leaves, put you in a hot box for four hours and bam, you're done. mako, look at all my fans. they must be in town for my coronation. uh, i don't know if all those people are your fans. boo. yeah. all right, wu. wu, we have to get you out of here. what. go, go. what just happened out there. i think those were kuvira supporters in the crowd. oh, no. mako, i've been hit. it's a gusher. that's not blood, it's strawberry pie. hmm. oh, yeah, you're right. but that was close. i don't know what would've happened if you weren't there. you would've been hit by a pie. it's really not that big of a deal. or i could've been killed. i don't know what i'd ever do without you. wait a second, did you say strawberry pie. i'm allergic to strawberries. i don't think i can breathe. get me to the hospital, wu down. you're allergic to bee stings. oh, right. i always get those two mixed up. look. a train made it through. maybe they brought food and supplies. hey, what's your boyfriend doing here. if he's here, he must be with kuvira and my brother. this isn't going to be good. bolin. kai. wow, you are a lot heavier than you used to be, you're really growing up. what's up with your new hair. you look like a stiff. hey, kuvira says it makes me look intelligent and professional. don't believe everything she says. opal, i can't believe you're here too. i missed you so much. i missed you, too. look who it is. it's good to see you again, little sister. what a wonderful surprise. a happy reunion for my favorite couple. how's mom doing. like you care. she still hasn't forgiven you. you know, for someone who claims to be so enlightened, mom can really hold a grudge. i guess when her son betrays her. please. opal. we're not here to bicker with you about something that happened three years ago. we're here to help this town, just like you. i've heard how you help towns by conquering them. i know the rumors about me can be pretty nasty, but i am giving everyone in this nation a better future, and with bolin's help and my fianc's ideas, we're laying the groundwork for the people to achieve their own greatness. your fianc. you haven't heard. your brother and i are getting married. isn't that great, sweetie. i know things got heated with your family when baatar and i left zaofu, but don't you think it's time to forgive and forget. what are you doing here. hello, governor. i was wondering if you and i could talk privately. so, have you had time to rethink my generous offer. generous. you want to take everything. how is that generous. governor, your state has been overrun by bandits. they have you outnumbered and outsupplied. the question's not if they'll take over, it's when. unless you sign our deal. agree to our terms and you'll have the full force of my army backing you. you will remain in charge, just under my supervision. i will save your life, and the lives of your citizens. i think that's pretty generous. i know how you manipulate states and force them to join up under you. i know the only reason you want this region is because it's rich in ore. they might call you "the great uniter," but you're destroying everything. i'll never turn the great state of yi over to you. you have a lot of pride, but it cannot protect your people. your pride will not stop the hordes as your city crumbles to the ground, and your pride certainly will not feed your hungry when all that is left is rubble. leave. get out of my state. you will perish, unless you take my generous offer. it's time to go, we're not wanted here. what happened. it appears we can't make a deal right now. wait, aren't you guys gonna stick around and help. here's the contract, we'll wait at the border for one day. you get the governor to sign it, and you'll have all the help you need. i guess i gotta go. don't, please. you can't turn your back on these people. i'm not. i want to help, but if the governor wants us gone, there'sthere's nothing i can do. i'm sorry hey. opal, please. leave if that's what you're going to do. you know, we might not need their help after all. the roads may be impassable, but not the skies. we can use lefty to fly to all the nearby villages, pick up supplies and fly back. you're right. we can save this town ourselves. sorry we couldn't give you more, that's all we could spare. every little bit helps. because of you and the other farmers around here, we have more than enough food to feed the town until we can get some reinforcements. thanks. so you and bolin doing okay. i don't know. it's really tough having a longdistance relationship, and i can't stand that he's working with kuvira. i can tell. but it does seem like he found his calling, doesn't it. he loves helping people. maybe, it's just he's changed a lot since he's been around her. he's growing up. i just hope we're not growing apart. speaking of longdistance relationships, how are you and jinora doing. actually, we're doing fine. you hear that. it's more bandits. we're hooked. no. ah. whoa. what happened. where's all the food. we were attacked in mid air. we lost everything. it might be time to make a tough call. here, tell kuvira to save my people. for what it's worth, i think you made the right decision. did i ever really have a choice. when korra gets here, i bet she's not even gonna know who i am. why is that. because meelo the boy has turned into meelo the man. right, you're completely unrecognizable. you've never had the tea leaf wrap. you have no idea what you're missing. the face massage alone is to die for. ugh. this coronation cannot some soon enough. i can't wait to go back to being a detective. right. um, yeah, about that. what. i don't know how to tell you this. you're going to ba sing se with the prince. no. i tried to get you out of it, but it's over my head. wu personally asked raiko. he said he doesn't know what he'd do without you. this can't be happening. i'm not even an earth kingdom citizen. i work for the republic city police department. not anymore. you're just a pawn in raiko's diplomatic game. you can try talking to him, but i don't think he's going to let you quit. there's a southern water tribe ship pulling up to the dock. korra. cool. yeah. the state of yi is now under the full protection of my army. proclaim your loyalty, if you wish to keep your post. i pledge my loyalty to you, great uniter. tonraq, it's good to have you back in the city, and everyone is excited to see the avatar again. what do you mean. isn't korra already here. no, we thought she was coming with you. korra left the south pole six months ago. she's written me letters. she said she was here in republic city. i assure you, your daughter's not here. then where is she. is that all you got. unh. unh. we have a winner. here, for your lackluster participation. thanks. you know, you look very familiar. yeah, you kind of look like that avatar girl. i get that a lot. whatever happened to her anyway. i wouldn't know. )