earth fire air water only the avatar can master all four elements and bring balance to the world. the legend of korra although the hundred year war has long passed, we are not living in a time of peace. these revolutionaries who call themselves "equalists" are not interested in equality at all. they just want to wage war against benders. chief beifong was supposed to protect republic city, but she was powerless to stop amon's attack on the arena. she has failed us all. if we are to survive these dire times, our law enforcement needs new leadership. book one chapter seven : the aftermath i still can't believe they're shutting this place down. yeah. we had some good memories here, didn't we. guys. great news. you don't have to go back on the streets. i talked to tenzin and made all the arrangements. you can come live on air temple island with me. oh, we'd love to, but asami already invited us to live in her dad giant mansion. from here on out, it's gonna be the lap of luxury for us. hey korra, i was hoping you would stop by. i was just leaving. so, i guess i'll see you guys around, some time. why not tomorrow. i'd love to have you come visit the estate. i don't know, i have some avatar stuff to do. come on korra. we all deserve a little rest and relaxation after all this craziness. we could swim in asami's pool. it'll be fun. all right pabu. great, we'll see you tomorrow. looks like our intel was good. there's enough evidence here to bury cabbage corp for an eternity. this is an outrage. i'm innocent. yeah, yeah. that's what they all say is it true that cabbage corp is conspiring with the equalists. no. not my cabbage corp. hey, korra. tahno. listen, i know we're not exactly best friends, but i'm sorry amon took your bending. i've been to the best healers in the city. whatever amon did to me, it's permanent. you gotta get him for me. mr. sato, if you remember anything else about what you saw during amon's attack, be sure to let us know. i'm happy to help any way i can. i want these equalists to pay for what they've done. we're ready for you now. see you around uhvatar. earth bending bomb. avatar korra has arrived. hey korra. glad you made it. welcome to paradise. looks like you guys settled right in. pretty much, except someone forgot to ask her father if we could stay here. yeah, but i smoothed it over with him. it's easier to ask for forgiveness than permission. this is the greatest place in the world. watch this, watch this. fetch me my towel, good sir. yes, master bolin. master bolin. ha, i love this guy. now pat me dry. as you wish. don't forget master pabu. wouldn't dream of it, sir. so, what do you have planned for us today. let me guess, shopping, makeovers ouh, ouh. i want makeovers. i have something a little more exciting in mind. pretty cool, huh. way cooler than a makeover. this is your future industries' testdrives for satomobiles. ever been behind a wheel. the only thing i know how to drive is a polar bear dog. allow me to take you for a spin. let's do it. that was amazing. i didn't think we'd make it. well, you can't be afraid to mix it up some times. i gotta admit, i had you pegged wrong. i thought you were kind of prissy. ehno offense. it's alright, people usually assume that i'm daddy's helpless little girl, but i can handle myself. i mean, i've been in selfdefense classes since i was this high. my dad made sure that i would always be able to protect myself. smart guy. emergency, emergency coming through, beep beep. is there another bathroom i can use. we have a lady's powder room upstairs, first door on your right. you can freshen up in there. thanks. no, no. no, i assure you, everything is going exactly as planned. yes luckily, the cabbage corp investigation has bought us enough time. trust me, by the end of the week we'll be ready to strike. you're leaving. but ii thought uh, sorry. i forgot, i'm supposed to airsit, i mean babybend, ii mean babysit the air bender kids. see you later. so, you think mr. sato manufactured those gloves for the equalists, then framed cabbage corp. that's a bold accusation, but what proof do you have. well, i don't exactly have proof but i know what i heard. sato's up to something. he does have the means and he has a motive. that's right. a motive. what is it. twelve years ago, the agni kai triad robbed sato's mansion. the fire benders killed sato's wife during the break in. that's terrible. it was tragic. it's possible that he's been harboring antibending sentiment all this time. maybe we should look at mr. sato a little more closely. what's going on. why are they asking hiroshi more questions. i overheard him on the phone yesterday. asami, i don't know how to tell you this, but i think your father might be involved with the equalists. what. i don't believe this. you spied on hiroshi. what's your problem. mr. sato, we just have a few followup question for you. my father is innocent. just because we're not benders doesn't mean we support those awful equalists. equalists.. is that what this is about. i can assure you i have nothing to do with those radicals. you don't know what you're talking about, korra. i overheard you on the phone. you said the cabbage corp investigation bought you time, and you're getting ready to strike. explain that. this is all just a misunderstanding, resulting from the young avatar's overactive imagination. my number one competitor was knocked out of the game, it's providing me an opportunity to strike the market with a new line of satomobiles. it's just business. nothing nefarious. in order to put all suspicions to rest, might we have a look at your factories and warehouses. if you feel it's necessary you're welcome to search all of future industries. is it possible, the president of cabbage corp and future industries both have equalist ties, or did hiroshi sato frame his long time rival, lau ganlan. or did chief beifong just plain arrest the wrong man, so far the investigation has yield no evidence to incriminate sato. i can't believe, we didn't find anything. it would appear hiroshi is innocent. ok you did your search, now you can all leave. so, i hope you're convinced now. no, i'm not. i don't care how cooperative hiroshi has been, i know he's lying. why are you doing this. are you that jealous of me and asami. what. don't be ridiculous, that has nothing to do with it. if you don't drop this, consider our friendship over. i'm sorry, hiroshi is not the man you think he is. i think you guys should hear this. if you want to find the truth, meet me under the north end of soulgrow bridge at midnight. psst. over here. listen i joined the equalist because i believed what amon said, i thought he could make life better for us, nonbenders, but i didn't sign up for this, this war. what do you have on hiroshi sato. he manufactured those gloves for the equalist. i knew it. and there are rumor he's working on something even bigger, some new kind of weapon. we searched all of future industries and found nothing. that's because he has a secret factory. where. it's right underneath the sato mansion. raiding the sato mansion is a risky move with tarlokk breathing on your neck. if we're wrong i know, i can kiss my job good bye, but protecting republic city is all i care about. we can't let amon get his hand on this new weapon. what are you doing here. we have reason to believe there's a factory hidden below the mansion. i think i would have noticed if there was a factory underneath my house. the lies you people come up with just to persecute my father. where's your father. in his workshop behind the house. dad. hello. chief, the estate's been secured. no one has left the workshop since we arrived. perhaps we just couldn't see him leaving. there's a tunnel beneath the workshop running deep in the mountain side. what. there's no tunnel. do you think your dad knows about this tunnel. i don't understand, there must be an explanation. maybe you don't know everything about your father. i'm sorry. officers, into the tunnel, be cautious. you three, stay up here. officer song keep an eye on them. not your average backyard workshop. and i'm guessing those are the new weapons. hiroshi was lying alright, but where is he. what was that. we need to get down there and see what's going on. absolutely not, you're staying put until the chief comes back. alright, we'll stay put, but can we wait outside or something. it's so dusty in this workshop. no. we're waiting right here. ok, but don't blame me if i start if i start sneesneesnee what's your problem bud. i'm about to sorry pal, we now you're just doing your job. yeah, just stay put until the chief comes back. that sounds very familiar, doesn't it. why. because you said it. asami, you should stay here, we'll check it out. i have to find out the truth about my father. i understand, that's why i'm going down to find out for you. please. alright. be careful. i'm afraid, you won't be able to metal bend that wall chief beifong. it's solid platinum. my mecha tanks are platinum as well. not even your renown mother could bend a metal something so pure. hiroshi, i knew you were a lyingnogood equalist. come out here and and do what, young avatar. face the wrath of your bending. no. i think i'll fight from inside here, where i am a little more "equal". that source was a seller, you lured us down here. guilty as charged. korra. well, i'd say that was a near flawless test run. load everyone into the transport and deliver them to amon. oh no. korra was right. we gotta do something. quick. not so fast, boys. hello mr. sato. wow. what a really swell scary factory, you have here under your giant mansion. sponsoring our team, supporting the avatar, it was all just a big cover. yes and the most difficult part, was watching my daughter trips around with a fire bending street rat like you. dad, stop. why. sweetie i wanted to keep you out of this for as long as i could, but now that you know the truth please, forgive me. these peoplethese benders they took away your mother. the love of my life. they ruined the world, but with amon we can fix it and build a perfect world together. we can help people like us everywhere. join me, asami. no. i love you, dad. let's get out of here. my metal benders are on their way to amon and it's all my fault. tarlokk's right. i failled as chief. first thing in the morning, i'm handing in my resignation. no. you can't give up like this. i'm not giving up, i'm gonna find my officers and take amon down. but i'm gonna do it, my way. outside the law. i'm sorry, i didn't believe you, but asami's dad being an equalist is not an easy thing to believe. even now. i know, i'm sorry this whole thing happened. so does your offer to live at the air temple still stand. of course, it does. and asami's welcome too. thanks you so much. after everything she's been through, she's going to need you mako. transcribed then subtitled then synced )