earth. fire. air. water. only the avatar can master all four elements and bring balance to the world. is there any place safe for the avatar. first, president raiko banished her from republic city. then the earth queen declared her an enemy of the kingdom after korra rescued a group of airbenders from ba sing se. and now korra has learned that zaheer and his fellow criminals are after her. with tenzin busy bringing the new recruits to the northern air temple, korra's protection now rests in beifong's hands. _ _ while you're playing fetch, four of the most dangerous criminals in the world are hunting you down. we should get moving. relax. we just got here. besides, no one knows where i am right now except us. i think she wants you to throw it for her. i'll pass. thanks. we just got a call on the radio about another airbender. finally. where are they. a city called zaofu, the home of the metal clan. you know the place. uh, never been, but i don't want you going there. i'd rest a lot easier if you were back safe in republic city. wow, wow, wow. an entire city made of metal, whoo. you should be right at home, beifong. hmm. yeah. aren't you coming. what's there to see. it's metal. big whoop. just find the airbender, and let's get moving. and don't tell anyone i'm here. why not. i don't need to explain myself to you. just do what i say. fine. you got it, chief cranky pants. avatar korra, it is an honor to meet you. my name is aiwei. thanks for having us. is this everyone. yep, just us. so can i meet the new airbender. of course. right this way. and this is the air acolyte dining hall, where everyone eats, and this is daw. he's a new airbender too, like you guys. it's so nice to meet you. how exciting. new friends. excuse me, hello. my name is yorru. i heard this was the place to come if you're a new airbender. you got that right, stranger. well, a couple of weeks ago, i woke up, and suddenly, i could do this. mom, aunt kya, we got another one. that statue honors the first metalbender, toph beifong, who expanded the possibilities of what benders were capable of. here, everyone is encouraged to reach his or her highest potential. does toph live here. are we gonna get to meet her. i'm afraid not. she used to visit from time to time, but years ago, she left to wander the world in search of enlightenment. no one has seen her since. wow, is this where the airbender lives. yes, but first, her mother wants to meet you. is this some kind of combat training. not exactly. they are rehearsing for a dance premiere next month. that's it for today, everyone. allow me to introduce the matriarch of the metal clan, suyin. please, call me su. great to finally meet you, avatar korra. and this must be mako, bolin, and asami. you've done your research. i make it my business to know who's visiting my city. so you're a dancer. dancer, leader, wife, mother, collector of rare meteorites. you'll find people here have many skills and interests. korra, why did you lie when aiwei asked if there was anyone else with you. what. ii didn't. i mean how did you know i was lying. i am a truth seer. when people lie, their heart rate and breathing increase. i can sense the most subtle of changes. thanks to aiwei, there are no secrets in our city. we came with republic city's chief of police. she didn't want anyone to know she was here. i'm sorry i didn't tell you. lin's here. well, i would love to say hello. wait, you two know each other. you're joking, right. oh, lin never told you about me. no. why would she. i'm lin's sister. i found out why you were so against coming here. why didn't you ever tell me you had a sister. halfsister. same mom, different dads. so what. we're blood, lin. and after 30 years, the least you could do is say hello. i have nothing to say to you. you two haven't spoken in 30 years how come. ask her. i've tried. oh, don't put that on me. you're the one who tore our family apart. and you've done a bangup job keeping it that way. you haven't changed one bit, have you. look, we can stand here arguing about the past all day, but that's not the reason the avatar came here. my daughter is thrilled to meet you. lin, your niece is the new airbender. isn't that amazing. yeah. terrific. those are my two youngest, wei and wing. they're playing a game called power disc. they invented it all on their own. yah. oh, nice power, wei. ha. wing goes down. i'm so proud of those two. huan, i want you to meet the avatar and her friends and your aunt lin. nice to meet you. hey. wow, that's a really nice banana. yes, very, very lifelike. it's not a banana. i was inspired by harmonic convergence. it represents the dawning of a new age, obviously. oh, yeah, no, i c i can totally see that. i wait, let me stand here. yes, i can see that now. yes. thank you. banana. i mean, that's a banana, right. and this is my daughter opal. wow, avatar korra. i can't believe you're really here. you are so amazing. it's great to meet you, opal. opal. that's a beautiful name. thanks. i'm bolin. opal, but, uh, you already knew that. great. we found the airbender. let's take her back to the airship and get out of here. and the woman apparently trying to abduct you is your aunt lin. really. i've always wanted to meet you. my mom has told me so many stories about you. i'm sure she has. so i've set all of you up in the guesthouses while korra trains opal. oh, i'm sorry, but i was hoping she could train with the rest of the airbenders at the northern temple. that sounds amazing. nonsense. this is where opal's home and family are. you can train her here. i guess i could help her get started. absolutely not. we're leaving. she's just a little worried because there are a bunch of crazy criminals after me. if you're concerned about security, don't be. this is the safest city in the world. now, i'll see you all at dinner, and come hungry. my chef will blow the taste buds right out of your mouth. why do you have such a problem with your sister. she seems nice. come on, we can stay a little while. okay, let's see what you got. i'm not very good. that's okay. i've never been a teacher before, so we're in the same boat. you wanna keep your elbows in, torso straight, feet just skimming the ground. why don't you try it with me. wow, you're a natural. you really think so. thanks. you call yourself an airbender. disgraceful. be the leaf. but i don't know what that means. now that man's a leaf. the student is only as good as his master. great news. i just got a message from tenzin. he's with a whole group of other airbenders at the northern temple, and he wants all of you to join them. we leave first thing in the morning. and the avatar is with them. no, apparently she had to split off from tenzin. that's unfortunate. i was really looking forward to meeting her. tonight, for your dining pleasure, i present a seared wild kyoshi elephant koi, paired with a gingerinfused pea tendril and hibiscus root salad. stunning. sorry, dear, i'm going to have to take dinner in my office. i just had a major breakthrough on the tram station remodel. well, don't let me stand in the way of inspiration. you're the best. that was my brilliant architect of a husband, baatar, and our oldest son. he engineers all my husband's projects. five kids. what a nightmare. no, no, my children are a blessing. yeah, mom used to say that too, but she never meant it. mmm. i have to admit, i was pretty skeptical when he said "pea tendril" but this is delicious. i know, right. i don't think i've ever had a bad meal in my life. oh, i had plenty when mako and i were living on the streets. i mean, you'd be surprised how bad food from a dumpster can be. i'm sorry. i didn't know. no, it's okay, it's okay. that's all in the past. things are great now. i got to be a pro bender, fought against a dangerous revolution, became a mover star, and now i'm helping the avatar rebuild a whole nation. wow, your life sounds so exciting. how's your search for the new airbenders going. honestly, not great. we had to rescue a whole group of them from the earth queen. oh, she's horrible. she thinks she can just do whatever she wants. sounds familiar. what. nothing. i mean, the idea of even having a queen is so outdated don't you agree, korra. i haven't really thought about it too much. well, you should start. the world is evolving, and the earth queen can evolve with it or step aside. hey, everyone, my little sister is an expert on world affairs now. you wanna talk about what's really bugging you. because i'm right here. sorry we're late, everyone. varrick. what are you doing here. great question, asami. i mean, what are any of us doing here. wow. food for thought. anyhoo, how's our company doing. you mean my company. future industries reverted back to me after you plotted to abduct the president. allegedly plotted to abduct the president. never convicted. uh, that's because you escaped prison. no, the universe decided to set me free. so i looked up my old friend suyin here, pitched her a few ideas, and bam. we're in business together. varrick's heading up my new technology division. i've seen the future, and the future is magnets. i'm working on a highspeed rail that'll revolutionize transportation and shipping as we know it. but that's not all. i'm all right, enough. i'm trying to keep the avatar safe, and you're harboring a criminal. ease up, lin. sure, varrick's made a few mistakes in his past, but that doesn't mean he should pay for it the rest of his life. my chef was a pirate, but now he's a culinary master. people change. you haven't. lin. so you and opal seemed to hit it off at dinner. i think she's really into you. yeah, you know, she's sweet and pretty and super nice. too bad she's not my type. right, i forgot. your type is dumb mover star or psycho ice princess. you know, that hurts a little bit. right here. but maybe you're right, bro. maybe opal is bolin material. thanks. yeah. you know, before i built this city, there was nothing here. i wanted to make my mark on the world. it's amazing. thank you for being so welcoming, and i'm sorry for how lin's been acting. can i ask, what happened with you two. it's complicated. we didn't have a normal childhood. neither of us knew our fathers, and toph was always busy being chief of police. because mom grew up in such a strict house, she gave us all the freedom in the world, hoping we'd figure out our own paths. that sounds like a good thing. and in a way, it was. but we both ended up fighting for mom's attention. lin followed in her footsteps and became a cop. i was more of a rebel. mom wasn't too happy with how either of us turned out. when i was 16, i left home to explore the world. i sailed the seas on a pirate ship, joined a traveling circus for while, and lived in a sandbender commune in the desert. it took me a while, but i finally realized what i was looking for was a family. so i bought this plot of land, found a brilliant architect who later became my husband, and created a place i could truly call home. it sounds like you've created the perfect life here. almost. i've always wanted lin to be a part of it, but i gave up hope long ago of her ever coming around. hey, little lady. wow, you're really blowing me away with your airbending. why are you acting weird. why are you acting weird. i don't like how you're talking to me. look, i'm sorry. i just get really selfconscious when i know a girl likes me, and i end up acting stupid. who said i liked you. oh, no. but i thought mako said just kidding. but do me a favor and stop trying. well, don't stop trying. just stop trying so much. just be yourself. huh, be myself. yeah, i guess i could give that a shot. oh, hey, korra. can i steal you away from bolin for a minute. i need your help with something. "let go your earthly tether. "enter the void. empty and become wind. " what are you doing. no one's allowed in daddy's study except daddy. i'm sorry. i couldn't sleep. what were you reading. a poem by guru laghima, the wisest airbender who ever lived. ikki, you should be in bed. come on. night. good night. you seem to know a lot about airbender history for someone who just got airbending. i've always admired the culture. and you moved through those gates like a natural. where did you say you were from. a small village up north. you've probably never heard of it. wait. zaheer. i need some help. hold it right there. sorry i won't be joining you at the northern air temple. i'm afraid i have other plans. who is it. hey, it's me. i brought someone who wants to talk to you. you wanna talk, then talk. i'm sorry being here has been so hard for you. when you showed up, i was so excited to get to know you. i'd heard so many great things about you from mom and grandma toph. so i guess i was kind of sad that you didn't wanna get to know me. believe me, i know my family can be a little crazy and overwhelming sometimes, but i would love it so much if you would be a part of it. get out. sorry. did i say something wrong. get out. what's your problem. don't get mad at opal. i asked her to talk to you because i thought it would help you snap out of whatever funk you're in, but i guess i was wrong. why don't you focus on fixing the world and stop trying to fix my family. su's right. you're never gonna change. you're always gonna be a bitter, lonely woman. )