earth. fire. air. water. only the avatar can master all four elements and bring balance to the world.  addic7ed the red lotus is the world's newest threat. after confronting zaheer, korra learned he is part of a secret society whose mission is to take out all the nation's leaders and destroy world order. but before korra could warn anyone, she and asami were apprehended by the earth queen's forces. and the red lotus nabbed mako and bolin. now both parties are headed toward ba sing se. __ you have to let me out. the earth queen is in danger from a group of terrorists calling themselves the red lotus. i talked to one of them in the spirit world yesterday. he's insane. screaming about terrorists in the spirit world. you're the one who sounds insane. do i have to be chained to the floor the whole way. it's going to be so uncomfortable. sorry, ma'am. i'm under orders. can't you just chain me to that railing. i mean, where am i gonna go. please. well, as long as you're chained up, i guess it doesn't make a difference. thank you, sir. can i have some water. no water. we're also not gonna bring you any rocks or fire, so don't ask. i guess there's air, but there's nothing we can do about that. we're not opening your compartment until we reach ba sing se. i hoped mako and bolin would have shown up to save us by now. i wonder if they're okay. if you think holding us hostage will give you some leverage to use against the avatar, you're gonna be very disappointed. can't we just enjoy our time together in silence. and why did you need korra alive back in zaofu. you had her paralyzed. why didn't you just take her out when you had the chance. look, all you need to know is that the world is about to change, for the better. so you guys were, like, locked up for 15 years, huh. that must have been, like, crazy boring. actually, it was only 13 years, but it felt like 30. i mean, what did you do with all that time. did you sing songs, work on crafts. not a lot of craft supplies in a volcanic prison cell. and i must have renamed the constellations about a thousand times. when it rained, that was a big event. oh, i would've killed for some rain. mostly i just made up stories about the guards. who was having trouble with his girlfriend. which one secretly wished he'd become a pastry chef. ooh, okay, that sounds like fun. let me try that on you guys. you were raised by an older sister. your mustache grew in when you were ten. and i'm sensing just sensing an unspoken attraction between you two. two out of three. not bad. bolin, will you stop making friends with the bad guys. sorry. ghazan, gag those two. we're almost there.  we have to find a way out of this prison before we get to the earth queen. don't worry. i have a plan. these airships that cabbage corp sold to the earth kingdom are way cheaper than the ones future industries built.  now, that's just shoddy workmanship. there's no way i can get these locks off. i need the keys. give me five minutes, then start yelling for help. when is the avatar scheduled for delivery. the airship already left fort bosco and should be arriving in a few hours. excellent. bring her to me as soon as it lands. yes, your majesty. but first there are some people here who captured two of the avatar's friends. they would like to present them to you personally. you know i don't meet with bounty hunters. and of course i told them that, but they say they have some information that might interest you about the location of your stolen airbenders. really. fine, send them in.  ah, yes. i remember these two. we'll find an acceptable home for you in prison with the rest of the dissidents. now i'm told you have some information for me. i hope this isn't just some ruse to try to increase your bounty. we don't want any bounty, your majesty. you can consider these two a thankyou gift for simply taking the time to talk to us. how very magnanimous. so where are my airbenders. i'd be happy to tell you once you hand the avatar over to me. who told you that we have the avatar. how i know is not important. but if i found out, others will too. and that could put you in a difficult position. is that so. your majesty, imprisoning the avatar will cause the other nations to turn against you and demand her freedom. before long, you'll be in the midst of a sticky international incident. but if you let me take her today, no one need ever know she was here, and you can get your airbenders back without interference. we both win. and what do you plan to do with the avatar, should i see fit to grant your request. all i can say is that i have business with her. but she won't be bothering you again. i can assure you of that. i find these terms agreeable. gun, escort them to the antechamber until the avatar's arrival. send these two to the dungeon.  guard. get in here. something happened to my friend. she needs help. where is she.  nice work. now let's take control of this ship.  mayday, mayday. the avatar has escaped. we're going down in quadrant four of the si wong desert.  i think you might have been a little overaggressive with the airbending. the controls are busted. also, you broke the radio. sorry, but it's not my fault this airship's a hunk of junk. hang on to something. well, they say any landing you can walk away from is a good landing. but given our location, i'm not so sure about that. you're the engineer. what do you think. can we get it flying again. it doesn't look good. i mean, even if you metalbend the propellers back into shape, we'd have to dig this whole thing out of the sand. is everyone all right. like you care. what the heck happened. she said her friend needed help. then they knocked me out. i'm sorry, but i couldn't let you take me to the earth queen as a captive. there are dangerous forces at work that you don't know anything about. more dangerous than being stranded in the desert. don't worry, kong. i radioed ba sing se before we went down. we just need to sit tight. someone will be here soon to rescue us. i'm not waiting around for that. we need to get out of here now. if we all work together, we might be able to get the ship up and running. not likely. i just tunneled out of the engine room. it's like a sandbox in there. this ship isn't going anywhere, and neither are you. you're our prisoners, and it's our duty to transport you to the earth queen. you realize that i'm the avatar, right. you don't wanna fight me. i'm afraid you aren't giving us much of a choice. we have our orders. wait, did that sand dune just move. it was probably just a mirage. the desert will play tricks on you. that's no mirage. look. i heard that since all the spirits came back, this desert has been haunted by them. oh, right, so i guess that's my fault too. do you want to help us get this ship up and running, or do you wanna wait around and meet that thing. we wanna fix the ship, right, cap. mm, let's get to work. everybody, stand back.  we have to find a way out of here before zaheer gets his hands on korra. take me with you. i haven't seen my wife and five kids in four years. four years. the first few months were great. i could finally get some sleep. but now i really miss them. listen, bolin, this is up to you. i know you can metalbend. you can metalbend. no. yes, you can. i believe in you. i believe in you too, bolin. i appreciate that, mako and fellow prisoner man, but i've been trying and trying and trying, and i've never been able to do it not even a little. you've always had the ability deep down. you just haven't had the right motivation. but this is your time. get us out of here to save korra. you can do it. bolin. bolin. all: bolin. bolin. bolin. bolin. you're right. okay. here i go. metalbending. aghh.    i can't metalbend. all: aww. hey, you guys didn't happen to bring any toilet paper, did you.    first you scare the life out of me, now you want to lick me.  here. chew on this, and leave me alone. tonraq, you read me. yes. we copy. i found korra's jeep, but the kids aren't here. meet me at the misty palms oasis. how's it looking in there. i just airbent all the sand out of the engine room. i think it's clean. it hasn't been that clean since it floated off the showroom floor. how's it going out here. well, she's still pretty banged up, but i think she might be able to limp out of the desert. kong, you want to see if you can get the engine started. aye, aye.  all right.    aah. that's no spirit. i think it's gone for now. kong, are you all right. what are we gonna do. all of our supplies were on the ship. we've got no food, no water. easy, arik. another ship is on the way. we just need to hold our position for a few hours. we might not have a few hours. how far are we from the edge of the desert. too far to walk, if that's what you're thinking. we can't just wait around for that thing to pick us off one by one. you'll do as you're told, airman. now get ahold of yourself. maybe we can still build something to get us all out of here. you wanna make some wings out of scrap metal and flap real hard. no, but we might have enough material to construct a makeshift sandsailer, like the sandbenders use to get around. all we need is a sail and some kind of sled to attach it to. it's worth a try. gather every piece of metal you can find. we'll give that sandy beast a run for his money yet. looks like he's in a hurry. wait here. your majesty, we received a distress signal from the airship carrying the prisoners. we believe the ship crashed in the si wong desert and the avatar may have escaped. this is outrageous. send another airship to retrieve the avatar immediately. it's already on its way, your majesty. what are we going to do now. there's no way we can track her down in the desert before the queen gets to her. you really think they'll be lucky enough to capture her again. she'll be long gone by the time they arrive. it doesn't matter. we're through chasing her. it's time to make her come to us. what is this riffraff doing in my throne room unannounced. apologies, your majesty, but i couldn't help overhearing that the avatar won't be joining us today. the avatar is still in my custody. however, eavesdropping on royal conversations will land you in a cell right next to those boys you brought in. now, if you value your freedom, you'll tell me where the airbenders are right now. that wasn't the deal. i will not bandy words with bounty hunters. seize these hoodlums and throw them in prison until they decide to show proper respect for the crown.  both: oof.   gun. get back here and lay down your life for your queen, you coward. you wouldn't dare attack a queen. maybe i forgot to mention something to you. i don't believe in queens.  you think freedom is something that you can give or take on a whim, but to your people, freedom is just as essential as air. and without it, there is no life. there is only darkness. hey, you can't be in here. no need for alarm. i just need to make an announcement to the entire city. how do i do that. who do you think you are.  he's the man who just took down the earth queen. you wanna be next. minghua, please. we're here to help citizens like him, not hurt them. now, can you help me.  attention, citizens of ba sing se. i have an important announcement to make. moments ago, the earth queen was brought down at the hands of revolutionaries, including myself. i'm not going to tell you my name, 'cause my identity's not important. i'm not here to take over the earth kingdom. i think you've had enough of leaders telling you what to do. it's time for you to find your own path. no longer will you be oppressed by tyrants. from now on, you are free. i deliver ba sing se back into the hands of the people.   we have to get out of here, bolin. zaheer came here to take out the earth queen, and now korra is next. you know that guy. he's my hero. shut up. you have to metalbend us out of here. come on, i know you can do it. this is your time. you said before was my time. i know i did, but now it's really your time. do it.  did you see that. i did it. i mean, not for us, but i metalbent all the other cells open. i don't think that was you.  listen to me. i'm going to set you free, but i want to talk to you first. i have a message that i need you to take to korra. she ain't pretty, but i think she'll do the job. no time for a test run. let's move. i think he's gone. we did it.  you want to buy a slightly used sandsailer. thanks, asami. you've got a good head on your shoulders. i'm sorry for getting us stranded out there. i didn't mean for that to happen. you know, whatever the conflict between you and the queen is, i'm sure it's above my pay grade. you got a tough job. good luck, avatar. captain, have we been in the desert too long, or is that really a dragon over there. ugh. let's go get a drink.  ah.  easy, girl. did you think we weren't coming back for you.  what are you all doing here. korra, you're safe. yeah, we made it out of the desert, thanks to asami. do you remember lord zuko. i met you when you were a very young girl. it's good to see you again, avatar korra. it's good to see you, lord zuko. thanks for ditching me back at zaofu. yeah, sorry about that. but how did you all find us. i am a detective, you know. did you find mako and bolin. some people at the inn saw them get captured by zaheer's crew. we don't know where they are. did you hear about the earth queen. what about her. once again, the earth queen's reign has come to an abrupt and violent end. ba sing se has descended into chaos. rioters and looters have overrun the palace. the red lotus. what's that. the name of the group that's been trying to capture me and just took out the earth queen. i'm afraid this is only the beginning, dad. addic7ed )