earth. fire. air. water. only the avatar can master all four elements and bring balance to the world. korra is safely back in republic city, but bolin and varrick are still on the lam. weeks ago, korra removed the remaining poison from her body, but the memory of zaheer's attack still torments her. and after being defeated by kuvira, she questions if she will ever fully recover. meanwhile, kuvira has been secretly harvesting spirit vines from the swamp. but how close is she to completing her spirit energy weapon. __ __ everyone, mom, can we stay together, please. the tour's about to begin. that's my boy ryu. he used to live in the basement, but then he got airbending, and he's been doing important air nation stuff all over the world. his father and i are here visiting him, and we're just having the best time in the big city. we're so proud, right, honey. at least he has a job now. mom, dad, i'm trying to work. fun fact, everyone: all these vines were created by unavaatu when he battled giant spirit korra for the fate of the world. excuse me. are we in the spirit world right now. no. is the spirit world in the ground below us. no, can i just get through my cards. oh, honey, don't get flustered. i'm not. uh, why is that vine coming toward us. uh, i don't see anything about that on the cards. i'm gonna poke it with a stick. no. why would you do that. ohh. oh. oh. everyone back. this tour is exciting. isn't he the best airbender ever ugh. everything okay. no, kuvira has my family, and no one seems to care but me. we all care. don't worry. we'll get them back safely. guys, there you are. i just felt a weird surge of spiritual energy coming from the spirit wilds. something's wrong. are you sure you felt a disturbance. maybe you just had some bad food for breakfast. i'm telling you. i felt it. maybe something happened to ryu's tour group. we should've run into them by now. yeah, but it's ryu. they might be at the mall for all we know. korra, can't you feel how strange the energy is. no, but maybe i can get a reading. korra, what is it. are you okay. it was kuvira. i saw her taking vines from the swamp. it must be affecting our spirit wilds. i bet that's what you were sensing, jinora. why is she taking vines. whatever the reason, i'm sure it's not good. we have to tell raiko. this might help him convince the other leaders to finally take her down. i'll keep looking for ryu and the others. i say we deal with this kuvira situation immediately. yes. agreed. and i know just how to get rid of her: we tell her she won an allexpensepaid vacation to a tropical island. then when she gets there, we reveal it was a trap the island's a prison. boom. got her. or, okay, uh, i'm just spitballing here. we march in with an army of highly trained badgermoles. do we know if kuvira has any allergies. look, i think we all know what must be done. we take the fight to her. i don't believe attacking is the right move, since she hasn't done anything aggressive toward the united republic. not yet. but kuvira can't be trusted. she told us that she was going to turn over power, and she didn't. i'm with raiko. i say we go on the offensive and start by retaking zaofu. president raiko, i'm sorry to interrupt, but what's going on here. oh, hey, avatar korra. just kickin' it world leader style, trying to figure out what to do about kuvira. for the record, i told raiko he should've invited you. you invited him but not me. please, korra, it's not personal. we just thought perhaps we called you back into action a little too soon. again him, not me. korra, we're in the middle of a meeting, and we can't have people just barge in whenever they want. guys. oh, perfect. you're all here. bolin. what are you doing here. guards, remove these traitors. no. we escaped kuvira's army. we're back on your side now. we have top secret information for you. okay, i guess we should have opened with that line. listen to me. kuvira is making this thing that goes i don't know how it works, but it has this it's a super weapon. like a regular weapon, only super. and let me guess. it has something to do with spirit vines. yes. how did you know. i saw a vision of her taking spirit vines from the swamp. if she figures out how to harness their power, we are all doomed. she might use the weapon to attack republic city. the only way to protect ourselves is with a preemptive strike. my airbenders won't be part of an unprovoked attack. neither will the fire nation. but, fire lord izumi, kuvira is a threat to the world. she has to be stopped. the fire nation has spent too much of its history fighting nonsense wars, and i refuse to drag my nation into another one unless there's no other choice. if you attack kuvira, you'll do it without my army. fine. i'll hold off any plans of attack. we'll go on the defensive and fortify security on the borders. in that, you'll have my help. opal, wait. please. i just want to say that i'm sorry for everything. i'm glad you're okay, but it's a little late for sorry. i know. i know. i didn't listen to you, and i sided with kuvira, and i helped her take over the earth kingdom and topple your home and get your mom captured and your brothers and your dad wow, that does sound really bad when i say it out loud like that. but i'm gonna make it up to you. pardon me, lovebirds, but i need a word with opal. privately. i'm sorry, kid, but raiko couldn't convince the other leaders to attack kuvira. so our family looks like we're going to have to save them ourselves. don't you think some other people would agree to go with us. this is an unsanctioned and dangerous mission into enemy territory. we can't ask other people to risk their necks for our family. if we want to break them out, we'll have to do it alone. bolin, i'm so glad you're back. i was worried about you. we all were. thanks, guys. mako, i'm so sorry about the way we left things. i'm such an idiot. you tried to warn me about kuvira, and i ran off anyway, like an idiot. you were right, and i'm just an idiot. i hope that i'll be able to earn your trust again. if anyone has lost people's trust, it's me. ever since kuvira kicked my butt, no one even wants me around. we want you around. and, bolin, you're not an idiot. you were just doing what you thought was right. aw, i love you guys. and i really want to hug again. agh. ugh. ah. korra. the vines. they're taking me. help. get everyone out of here. put up a perimeter. cancel all tours. somebody get ahold of tenzin. we got to get in there and find jinora. i don't think anyone should be going in there right now. i know i'm not the old avatar i used to be, but i can do this. be careful. jinora. hello. anyone. wait. do you hear that. oh. oh. come on. korra, look. what are those. it's jinora and the rest of them. their spirits are trapped in the spirit world. let's get them out. don't. you'll provoke the vines. let me try. they won't open. maybe if i meditate into the spirit world, i can free them. wait this isn't the spirit world. zaheer. no. you can't fight me and the poison. no, i got it out. you'll never get it out. korra, what's wrong. it's zaheer. what are you talking about. he's been haunting me ever since i fought him. i can't get any peace. it's like he's blocking me from meditating into the spirit world. i'm here for you. what do you need. i want to face zaheer. korra, he's too dangerous. even when he's locked up, he can't be trusted. i need to if i want to save jinora and the others. there's no other way. there is another way. i'm calling your father. he can lead an expedition into the spirit world from the southern portal. you've lost faith in me too, haven't you. no one thinks i'm capable of anything anymore. it's not that at all. i know i can do this. i'm just so worried for jinora. i can't imagine if something happened to you too. tenzin, please i'll be okay. zaheer's imprisoned deep in the mountains outside the city. i'll call raiko and get the clearance. thank you. pabpabs, where are you. pabu. oh, i missed you so much. so i don't know if you've heard, but opal's kind of mad at me. i was hoping you could help me win her back. awesome. yes, i have an idea. hello, pabu. well, it's good to see you too. what do you got there. opal, you made it. what's this. a picnic, just for the two of us. well, three of us. sorry, pabs. so this note pabu brought me saying you broke both of your legs was just a ruse. maybe but now that you're here, don't you want to just sit back, relax, try some of my homemade steam buns pema's recipe and watch pabu do some of his world famous backflips for entertainment. haha. oh, steam buns my favorite. this will totally make me forget that you worked for kuvira, the person who captured my family and is probably torturing them right now. so, yeah, let's just sit down and have a great picnic because we're so in love. i'm sorry you had to see that, pabu. thank you both for coming. it's nice to be welcomed back with open arms. actually, i brought you here out of necessity. it's no secret i never liked you, especially after you tried to have me kidnapped. allegedly. right. everything you do is "allegedly," like when you took over my company and bombed the southern water tribe cultural center. i own that building. a man has the right to blow up his own property. right now, i need you to put aside your differences. if kuvira really is creating a super weapon, we're going to need the two brightest minds in the city working together to stop it. what do you say, asami. partners again. fine. i'll help. but don't even think about doublecrossing me again. ow uhhuh. are you sure you're ready for this. yes. i think if i see zaheer chained up, i'll finally realize that he's not a threat anymore. approach the wall. no. i need to do this alone. i figured you would show up sooner or later. so you must really be in trouble if you came all the way down here to see me. i came here to look you in the eye and tell you that you have no power over me. i will no longer be scared of you. i guess it didn't work. you still seem scared. this was a mistake. i know why you're here. you don't know anything about me. you can't go into the spirit world. i spend most of my time in the spirit world, and it's wellknown that the avatar's spirit hasn't been there for a few years. you can meditate into the spirit world from here. doesn't feel very spiritually charged. this is your problem. republic city is flowing with spiritual energy, and you can't even tap into it. no, my problem is you. you poisoned me. you ruined me. people used to think i was unstoppable, but now they don't think i'm capable of anything. blaming me is a crutch to make you feel better, but it's not helping you recover. i thought seeing you facetoface would put an end to all of this, but maybe it's time i realize i'll never be the same. neither of us are the same as before. i learned to fly, but now i'm bound in chains. you have all the power in the world and the freedom to use it, but you choose to hold yourself down. i'm not holding myself down, but my powers have limits. you're wrong. that poison should've killed you, but you were able to fight it off. you think your power has limits. i say it's limitless. whatever. before, you were always talking about chaos and freedom. then you took out the earth queen and created the worst dictator the earth kingdom has ever seen. thanks for that. i've heard rumors about her, but i didn't know she achieved so much power. she needs to be stopped. well, i can't stop her unless i get over this block. i think i can help. let me lead you into the spirit world. no way. i can't trust you. maybe not. but if you had any other options, you wouldn't be here now, would you. we may have been enemies once, but for now, our interests align. i've come this far. what have i got to lose. focus on the sound of my voice, and clear your mind. let it play out. i can't. you can. accept what happened to you. don't fear what might have been. i have no control. don't be afraid. hold on. i made it and you led me here. do you know where jinora and the others are. no, but you do. raava, i missed you. where have you been. i have always been inside of you. can you help me find jinora. how do i release their spirits. you must bend the energy within. but i'm powerless in the spirit world. no. you're most powerful here. in the spirit world, you're connected to all the spiritual energy. uh i feel all spirity. dad. i'm so glad you're safe. what happened. how did you get out. korra saved us. so how are you doing. i feel whole again. i feel good. do you think you're finally able to forget about what zaheer did to you. no. but i am finally able to accept what happened, and i think that's gonna make me stronger. where are you going. we've got some family business to take care of. all right, listen, before you go, i just want to tell you that i understand how you feel. i know there's nothing i could do or no big gesture that can make up for all my mistakes, but that doesn't mean i'm gonna stop trying to win you back, because i love you. thanks for saying all of that. you know, there is one thing you could do to win me back. what is it. yes, i'll do anything. come on a secret mission with us. where to. zaofu. we're going to rescue my family. )