earth. fire. air. water. only the avatar can master all four elements and bring balance to the world. after kuvira harvested spirit vines from the swamp, the vines in republic city reacted by abducting people. korra saved everyone, but all is not well. varrick and bolin returned to warn everyone about kuvira's spirit vine super weapon. now raiko wants to mount a defense against the earth empire. meanwhile, bolin, opal, and lin are on a mission to rescue su beifong and her family, who are being held captive by kuvira. __ __ all right, let's do this. saving the beifongs and saving our love because i vow to repair the rift that has grown betwixt us and make us whole again. you, zip it now. i had enough of your babble on the ride in. yes, ma'am. kuvira tore down all the domes. why would she do that. she's got a whole battalion of troops stationed there. there's no way we'll be able to spot anything useful from here. we'll have to go in for a closer look. don't bother. all the prisoners have been moved. uh, hey, chief. hey, chief. grandma toph. you were only up to my waist the last time we were together. oh, man. oh, i can't. this can't be happening. what. do you have to pee or something. no, well, now maybe. you're my hero. my name is bolin. i'm dating your granddaughter, i mean, kind of. i may have screwed that up, but that's why i'm here, and you're my hero. oh, i said that. can i have a hug too. what's up with him. he's an actor. so you already checked the city for su. how did you know she was captured. i've been living in the swamp and keeping watch on zaofu through the vines. sure, okay, makes sense. by the time i got here, they were gone. i snooped around town and heard that they were taken away to some nearby prison camp. where would that be. there's a factory and reeducation facility not too far away. how do you know that. bolin used to work for kuvira. how did you end up dating the kind of dipstick who works for kuvira. used to. it's not his silver tongue, i can tell you that. please tell me this attitude isn't hereditary. grandma, this is juicy. and i thought appa was smelly. why would you choose this leaky, nasty thing. you don't choose your bison. he chooses you. and once he chooses you, you can't change. believe me. i checked. the borders are secure, and troops are guarding the rail lines into the city. so what have you two geniuses come up with to fend off kuvira. it's a flying mechasuit. asami got the idea from watching dragonflyhummingbirds. you can take off straight up, fly in any direction. where does the spirit ray come out. it doesn't have a spirit ray. i'm telling you what i told kuvira: that technology should not be used. it's already being used by kuvira. i need spirit vine weapons, and i need them now. no. it was kuvira's harvesting of the vines in the swamp that caused the republic city vines to go crazy and grab all those people. you're supposed to be the bridge between the two worlds. why can't you harvest the vines. i won't do that, but maybe since the spirits love republic city so much, i can convince them to help us defend it somehow. hmm. okay, maybe while the weapon geniuses and the spirit bridge are getting ready for battle, we should be evacuating the ordinary citizens so that if kuvira attacks, they won't be hurt. that's actually a good idea. prince wu, you work with the police to coordinate getting people out of the city. now everyone get to it. i want daily updates. nice job in there. i'm proud of you. you're starting to act like the kind of king i'd like to work for. thanks. and if korra buys this "man of the people" thing, i still might get to date her. you always have to ruin it. what. come on. why do you think guys do anything great. to pick up girls. every work of art, every song, every city evacuation all for the ladies. all right, everybody, let's test the power core. i want everything in order for the full demonstration for kuvira tomorrow. load the energy capsule. zhu li, initialize phase one. there's a problem with the condenser. it's backing up. shut it down. i can't. the override isn't working. everyone needs to evacuate. this thing is going to blow. everyone get out. now. come on, baatar. it's too late. this channeling ring was cracked. that's what caused the reaction to overload. now we're taking this whole thing apart tonight and checking everything. nothing is too small. this has to be ready by tomorrow. so how long has it been since you two have seen each other. little while now. couple of years. try 20. ah, time flies when you get to be my age. i'm surprised you came to save su. i thought you guys didn't get along. su and i finally worked out our old grievances. good, glad we can put all that behind us. right. "we. " okay, there's the factory. whoa, that's one big thing. i think i know where they are. feel that cavern a few stories down. it seems empty, but it's guarded by an awful lot of mech. right. why would you need soldiers guarding an empty cavern. they must have them in some kind of suspended prison, so they can't use their earthbending. someone's coming. hide. i didn't expect you until tomorrow. i just wanted to check in to make sure everything was on track. it looks wonderful. we've had a few minor malfunctions, but we should be ready for the test tomorrow. you've been working on this the entire time, zhu li. what do you think the problem is. it's a very complex machine. there are bound to be some bugs to work out. but you're doing everything you can to fix those, correct. of course, your eminence. she's lying. tell the troops and factory workers to attend tomorrow's demonstration. i want them all to witness this incredible new weapon in action. we should be thinking of a way to take out kuvira while we have the chance. or at least destroy the cannon. if she takes that to republic city, it could obliterate everything. i didn't come to fight with kuvira or destroy a cannon. i'm here to save my family. it will take everything we have just to get out alive. hmm. kuvira wants every single one of her people to see the weapon test tomorrow, so the factory will be mostly empty then. that's our best chance to sneak in and free su without being spotted. good thinking, bolin. thanks. i kind of have a headache now. excuse me, spirit. can i talk to and you're gone. just like all the other spirits. they're abandoning the city. so let me ask you about metalbending. su tried to teach me, but i couldn't get the hang of it. i used to have an academy to train metalbending. even blockheads like you can figure it out with the right instruction. yeah, you're a real sensitive instructor. i did learn how to lavabend. really. it's a very rare ability. maybe you do have some talent. i can't believe you think i'm talented. that means so much to me coming from my hero. yeah, she's real encouraging. hey, i'm blind, not deaf. so here's something i've always been curious about. who's lin's dad. he was a guy named kanto. nice man, but it didn't really work out between us. and okay. lin, i can feel your enraged breathing from here. just say what you have to say, and let's get it over with. just get it over with. yeah, let's not linger on the fact that i grew up without a dad. no need to get all touchyfeely about it. just one of those things, right. hey, i forgave you for all your garbage a long time ago, and su and i worked things out. you're the only one who wants to hold on to this family drama nonsense for the rest of your life. forgave me for what. and not knowing my dad is nonsense to you. it was pretty important to me. and until now, you would never even discuss it. you know, after su and i patched things up, i thought, "maybe i should try to reach out to mom. " but now that we're together again, i remember why we stopped talking. you make me furious, and you don't even know why. and when i tell you, you don't care. once we save su, you and i are finished. if that's your decision and it makes you happy, then fine. the test is about to start. they're going to blow up that empty town we flew over yesterday. you're clear to go. copy that. we're going in. the guards are on the other side of that door. we'll have to be quiet. shoot me over to the cage, and i can swing them back on my cable. bolin, you'll have to catch them since mom won't be able to see them. ready. we'll get you out one at a time. come on. i got you. congratulations on all of your hard work. this weapon is proof that the earth empire is the strongest nation in the world. and believe me, this is only the beginning. fire the weapon. what's wrong. probably something minor. i should be able to find the problem. the distributor pin is gone. i swear i locked it in place yesterday. there's no way it could have just fallen out. and this could cause the entire weapon to fail. it could cause it to explode. what do you know about this. nothing. you swore your loyalty to me, and i gave you a chance at greatness. this is how you repay me. you're a monster. i regret nothing. chain her up in the target town. she can see how the weapon works up close and personal. oh, no. sweetie, it'll be fine. lin won't drop you, and bolin will catch you. no, no. just go. just leave me. i'll stay here. sorry, but i have to do this. aah. huh. the prison. get there now. should we postpone the test. i didn't come all this way to stop now. fire when ready. i want to see that town destroyed. we got 'em. we're coming out. mom. dad. thank you. let's move. kuvira caught zhu li and threw her in the town. what. no, i have to go save her. you can't go in there, kid. it's suicide. kuvira's onto us. we've been through too much together. i can't leave her. toph, you said zhu li was lying about fixing the cannon. she must have been trying to stop it. for all you know, she could just have been covering her butt because she made a mistake. no. zhu li doesn't make mistakes. you guys leave. if we make it out, we'll get to the city somehow. bolin, no. you guys get out of here. i have to go with bolin. could be our best chance to stop kuvira. maybe take out that weapon. we can't let opal be the coolest. if you all want to get yourselves captured again or worse, that's your business. i'm through. watch out for baatar sr. and huan. so how have you been, mother. i told you never to call me that. spirits, this is the avatar. please listen to me. since i opened the portals, spirits and humans have lived happily together in republic city. it's all i could have hoped for. i know you felt the effects of kuvira cutting down spirit vines. but now isn't the time for you to flee the city. it's time for you to help me save it from kuvira, who was perverting spirit power to use as a weapon against other humans. we don't get involved with human wars. spirits worked with unalaq. he was misusing vaatu's power during harmonic convergence to force spirits to fight you. is that what you want. no, but as the avatar, i'm hoping that you will come to my aid to save the new world we all share. what you want is exactly what kuvira wants: to use spirits as a weapon in a human war. the answer is no. wait. please, listen. if spirits and humans are gonna live together, we have to work with each other. opal. no. we have to stop the test. whoa. aah. you give metalbenders a bad name. thanks for coming to save us, mom. yeah, thanks, chief. i'm sorry for what i said last night. i was just you know. look, i know i wasn't a great mother, but one way or another, i ended up with two great kids. good enough to risk my bony old butt for, anyway. if you can just find some way not to hate me, maybe that's enough, at least for me. me too. you know, i never had any family except for my brother until a few years ago, and reuniting with them made me realize how special it is argh, enough. enjoy the ride back to the city with the gum flapper here. aren't you coming back to republic city with us, grandma. no, my fighting days are over. don't tell korra, but my back is killing me now. this is why you didn't see katara messing with that civil war nonsense. at some point, you gotta leave it to the kids. i want to thank you for coming back to save me. and don't be too hard on bolin for working with kuvira. his heart was in the right place. i think bolin has worked his way out of the polar beardoghouse. mwah. yes. haha. we should get going. i'm afraid i have bad news to deliver to republic city. kuvira is going to attack in two weeks. )