earth. fire. air. water. only the avatar can master all four elements and bring balance to the world. avatar korra is back and yours truly, shiro shinobi, couldn't be more thrilled. it's been my honor to bring you news of korra and her friends over the years. so many heartpounding moments. who can forget amon and his equalist revolution. i still have nightmares. then there was that time i covered the nuktuk mover premiere. boy, was that fun. but enough about me. sit back, relax, and take a trip down memory lane. __ __ you know, there's something about being kidnapped that makes a guy realize he needs to get his act together. yeah, i agree. let's toughen you up. ahh. i wasn't ready. wu down. what's going on. mako, how dare you injure the prince. would his royal highness like a cherryberry lemonade. and maybe some of those sticky dumplings too. look at you. you're so weak, "wu down" is your catchphrase. i know, i'm a wimp. but it's not my fault. i was born that way. i'm not like you, mako. i wasn't raised by a pack of cops in the woods. you don't know anything about me, do you. yeah, i'm drawing a blank. why is that. how do i not know stuff about you. uh you never asked. well, i'm asking now. what's your favorite food. what's your favorite color. is there a special lady in your life. not since korra and i broke up. what. you dated the avatar. sit. you and i need to have a little gab session right now. how'd you guys first meet. bolin and i were playing for the fire ferrets. you were a probender. yes. will you just let me tell the story. carry on. bolin and i grew up dirt poor, so once i became a probender, i wanted it all: riches, fame, accolades. but all that changed when i met korra. come here. i want you meet my brother, mako. mako. wow, i heard you play on the radio. come on, bolin, we're up. whoa, that was the first time you met. kind of rude there, buddy. know what else is rude. interrupting. korra proved to be an amazing probender, and a loyal friend. she helped me save bolin when he was taken by the equalists. after going through such a crazy experience, i felt like korra and i had a powerful connection. so then you smooched her real good. huh. huh. not exactly. ah. oh, no. i'm so sorry. i didn't see you. how could you not see me. i mean, i was ju i was ii wow. that was wait. that was the first thing you said to asami. you really got to work on your introductions. hey, when you got charm like mine, you don't need introductions. hanging out with asami was awesome, but it made things with korra complicated. so i was thinking we should spend some time together. look, i really like you and i think we were meant for each other. korra, i'm really sorry but i just don't feel the same way about you. that's harsh, mako. i know, and the worst part about it is, it wasn't totally true. we need to talk. save your breath. you've already made it clear how you feel about me. no, i haven't. what i'm trying to say is as much as you drive me crazy, i also think you're pretty amazing. hot dog. smooch city here we come. you player. whoa. i thought you were dating asami. tu, get out of here. naughty mako. you take after your grandfather. guys, grandma, everything wasn't so cut and dry. i wasn't dating asami. denial. okay, maybe i was dating her. it was all very confusing. but my feelings for korra became clear when tarrlok captured her. it felt like a piece of me was gone. i was so worried. are you all right. i'm fine. i'm glad you're here. oof. i bet asami wasn't too happy about that. i've noticed how you treat korra how you acted when she was missing. you have feelings for her, don't you. things are crazy right now. can we deal with our relationship problems later. well, there might not be any relationship to worry about later. asami. ouch. yup. turns out she was right. it was time to man up and call it quits. asami, i'm sorry things got so messed up between us. but whatever happens today, i want you to know how much i care about you. i care about you too. wait, was that supposed to be you breaking up with her. yes. that was a breakup. didn't sound like a breakup. it was mutual. we had an understanding. we both knew can i just get on with the rest of my story or what. fine. but i hope you weren't as ambiguous with korra as you were with asami. trust me, i wasn't. korra and i ended up stopping amon together and after that, i was finally able to tell her how i felt. exactly how i felt. i love you, korra. i love you too. aww. and then you two lived happily ever after. um tenzin's just trying to help you become the best avatar you can be. of course you take his side. i'm not taking his side. you know, sometimes i wonder whose side you're on. there aren't any sides. how could you take his side. what's with you and sides. well, excuse me, officer. don't let me stand in the way of you writing tickets. i'm just trying to save the world. well, i guess that if we're both putting our jobs first, maybe there's no room for our relationship. so what. are you breaking up with me. yeah. i guess i am. now that's a breakup. after that, i dove into my work. someone had been taking out supply ships heading to the southern water tribe. asami's company was one of the victims, so she and i worked together to catch the perps. the stakeout was the perfect way to get my mind off korra. it was an intense night. asami and i discovered the triads had double crossed us. we barely got away, but by then asami's warehouse had been cleared out. my company it's over. i give up. well, i'm not giving up on you. i know, i know. don't tell me. i had no right kissing asami. no, actually, i'm completely fine with that. you officially broke up with korra and therefore, you're free to smooch whoever you wish. if only it had been that simple. mako, i missed you so much. korra, hey, i missed you too. so you're not still mad at me. we had that fight before you left, remember. not really. i got attacked by a dark spirit and i lost my memory for a little while. maybe it hasn't all come back yet. was it a bad fight. ahh hmm no. no. it wasn't that bad. whoa, whoa, whoa. so you were back with asami, but then korra came back and thought you guys were still together and you didn't tell her you weren't. just like your grandfather. well, me and asami were never officially back together. really. that again. you know, it seems like you're so afraid to disappoint anyone that you end up disappointing everyone. truer words have never been spoken. high five. well, eventually, i did tell korra but by then she already knew. why didn't you just tell me the truth in the first place. i know i should have, but i didn't want to hurt you all over again. i guess part of me wanted to forget about the breakup too. i think we both know that this us doesn't work. you're right. it's over. for real this time. after harmonic convergence, the world changed. team avatar traveled around searching for new airbenders. at first, it was awkward being around korra and asami. as you were. ladies. but then i realized i had to realize who i was without a lady in my life. i know what that's like. i mean, to need distance from women, because i have so many all over me, all the time. anyway, i eventually helped korra defeat zaheer and save the airbenders and we did it as friends. korra showed me the importance of putting others before myself. and whenever i think of her, she continues to inspire me. wow. that story is amazing and i really learned something. you did. good. yeah, i learned that i really didn't know anything about you. crazy. also, i realized that ladies are complicated. no offense, grandma. none taken. i better just focus on being a better king. okay, come at me. i can take it. ah. wu down. i brought you some tea. i thought you might be cold out here. you're so sweet. thanks. are you okay. you seem out of sorts. sorry. i've just been thinking about something toph said. she told me that the world doesn't need me and it's basically pointless to try to stop kuvira. that's ridiculous. at the time, i thought so too. i figured she was just being her normal, cranky self, but i'm beginning to think she had a point. no, she doesn't. the world does need you. you're the avatar. but no matter what i do, the world seems to always be out of balance. growing up, i couldn't wait to be the avatar. i thought i was really gonna change things. i was so naive. the first time i saw amon take someone's bending away, i was terrified. your firebending is gone. forever. then my worst nightmare came true. korra. no. i told you i would destroy you. korra, you're forgetting about all the good that happened after you exposed amon as the fraud he was. the equalist movement lost its leader and its power. free elections were held in the united republic and nonbenders finally had a voice. people had hope again and it was all because of you. and i was hopeful too. but that feeling didn't last long. as soon as i defeated amon, a new enemy took his place. i can't i trusted you. you made me think you wanted to restore balance with the spirits, but this this isn't balance. it's madness. now let her go. if you want your friend to make it out of the spirit world, you'll open the other portal now. because of unalaq, i betrayed tenzin, opened the portals, and threw the spirit and human worlds into chaos. it was my fault he fused with vaatu and became a dark avatar. and i was helpless to stop him from destroying raava and cutting off my connection to my past lives. with raava gone, unalaq and vaatu became more powerful than ever. but you became more powerful too. i mean, you turned into a giant spirit. yeah, that was pretty awesome. and opening the spirit portals turned out to be a good thing. you brought back the airbenders and cause a positive shift in the world. yes, but zaheer got airbending too, and nearly killed me. if it weren't for zaheer, the earth queen would still be alive. there would have been no crisis in the earth kingdom, and kuvira wouldn't be in power. things are more out of balance than ever now. nothing's changed. you're right, korra. i am. she is. it's true, there will always be new conflicts and enemies to face. but the important thing is to learn from your enemies and better yourself over time, which you have. you've changed so much since you first arrived on air temple island. when you first came here, you were hotheaded and a bit selfish. but you've matured into a thoughtful young woman who puts the needs of others before herself. the new air nation is a testament to that. you sacrificed everything to save them. you're an inspiration to the world. thank you both. i know that this kuvira problem is only going to get worse. but no matter what happens, no matter how crazy things get, i'll always try to restore balance. and that's when i made a solemn vow never to eat barkonion soup again. been six years, four months, and 14 days ugh. i can still taste it. does anyone else feel like throwing themselves overboard. not me. i've spent the last few hours tuning out all these incredibly boring stories hey. all the while mentally composing the most exciting tale ever told, soon become the greatest mover ever made. i present to you now: bolin, as nuktuk, here of the south trademark varrimovers international in the incredible true story of bolin. hero of the world. wait, am i playing nuktuk, or is nuktuk playing me. both. it's your true story, but we'll capitalize on the audience of the nuktuk franchise. duh. how can you call me the hero of the world. i left my friends and family to join up with a psychotic dictator who imprisoned me, and now i'm running back home with my tail between my legs. nya, ba, ba, ba, ba. you're emphasizing the wrong story beats. let me tell it. the story of bolin begins in an exotic port of call. a wise sage, the richest merchant in the world, and a handsome devil all sit on a single pillow in the living room of a luxury yacht. how do they all fit on one pillow. ooh. giant pillow. wrong. they're all the same man. me. i try to teach a swami the power of levitation, but he's too stupid to understand it, so i kick him out. "upon whom can i bestow my awesome knowledge." i ask myself. then in walks nuktuk with a twinkle in his eye, a gorgeous dame on his arm, and a song on his lips. he bursts into a rapturous melody where can i find my teacher. oh, come on. i wasn't singing, you were not levitating. and asami is just a friend, thank you very much. if you want to tell my true story, you should start from when i met korra. she came to the bending arena one fateful night this place is even more amazing than i imagined. name's bolin, by the way. korra. boring. when does the singing start. there wasn't any singing. boo. you're onscreen talent, kid. leave the storytelling to the masters. so the trouble begins when the avatar is trapped in the spirit world. the world's most evil villains realize that with korra out of the way, the time is right to try to take out bolin. so the worst of the worst team up. they're led by zaheer leader of red lotus and master of the skies. a flying chaotic chaos machine. he's joined by vaatu the ultimate force of pure spirit evil in the universe. the biggest, meanest, scariest kite that ever flew. wait, zaheer didn't team up with vaatu. how would that even happen. how do you think. hello. hey, it's zaheer. oh, hey, zaheer. glad i caught you at home. uhhuh. very funny. like i can leave this stupid tree. hold on. let me conference in amon. the reanimated zombie body of the bloodbending leader of the equalists. hey, guys, i'm totally in for taking out bolin. he's way too powerful and awesome. but can we please not include not include who, amon. the evil unalaq, the diabolical but incredibly boring and unpopular sorcerer from the north, who's listening in on the other line. i've spent my life trying to defeat nuktuk, i mean, bolin, and i know just where to find him with all the beautiful ladies. yes, bolin had a reputation as the world's greatest ladies' man. ooh, now the story's getting interesting. after leaving the beautiful but emotionally unstable water tribe princess at the altar, he met a fetching airbender, the heir to a vast earth kingdom fortune. opal, so smart and caring. so pretty to smell and she'll probably never talk to me again because i'm so stupid. stupid. so, so, so stupid. pull it together, you leaky lug. but the darkest moment is always right before the dawn. for at his lowest point, bolin sought advice from the man who started it all, the wisest of the wise me. for some of my signature sage advice. nuktuk, i mean, bolin, there's only one thing for you to do if you want to save the avatar and defeat the fearsome foursome. i'm not really sure if i like "fearsome. " i mean, evil squared might be better. whatever. you have to assemble the fightingest airbender army of all time. but it turns out the airbender recruits are a sorry lot, so bolin brings them to a secret mountaintop training facility where he teaches them the ancient art of dodging fruit and balancing on sticks. meanwhile, back with zombie amon okay, guys, i think we finally ditched him. ha ha. very funny. i'm still on the line. so about that evil plan to destroy nuktuk hello. anyone there. guys. and with danger closing in, opal realizes how much she loves bolin and forgives him for whatever stuff he was talking about earlier which will probably not be in the final cut of the mover anyway. she does. aww. and she kisses bolin, magically passing on the airbender power of flight. okay, that part seems a little unbelievable. this is no time for thinking, kid. we're heading into the big finale. bolin gathers his airbender army to fight alongside rotan and juji against the terror square. maybe that's the name of the bad guys terror square. what about legion of darkness. well, we'll put a focus group on it. bolin teaches the airbenders to create a giant tornado. then he flies around in the sky, pushes zaheer into it, turning him into wind forever. but bolin doesn't realize that the universal interplanetary combination zero hour talk about a ticking clock is almost upon him. and when juji shoots his laser eyes at the evil unalaq, the beams accidentally fly into the magic spirit doorway. they bounce off vaatu, setting him free, and hit bolin, turning him into a giant. but when vaatu is set free, the evil unalaq, who has always been an annoyingly clingy person, is so close to vaatu that they combine into one horrifying monster. giant bolin and the evil unavaatu fight toetotoe, zapping each other with their laser beams as they stomp around republic city. it looks like the evil unavaatu might win, but thankfully, bolin's spiritual mojo is so strong that he attracts the queen of the fairies. with her help, bolin turns unavaatu into magic dust and sprays him into the sky. and that's where the stars come from. oh, yeah, and he turns into a dragon, and he goes into the spirit world and saves the avatar. the end. wait. you like that. it didn't make any sense. what about zombie amon. what happened to him, huh. andandandand stars are magic fairy dust. are you guys crazy. are you crazy. it's just a mover. don't overthink it. it's like a ride. never let the truth get in the way of a good story, kid. )