earth. fire. air. water. only the avatar can master all four elements and bring balance to the world. republic city is a war zone. while prince wu led the remaining citizens to safety, team avatar battled kuvira's giant mech, but no amount of bending could bring it down. in a last ditch effort, asami and her father outfitted the hummingbird suits with platinum cutters. hiroshi helped team avatar infiltrate the mechagiant, but he paid the ultimate price. is victory within reach for our heroes.    initiate lockdown. find the avatar and whoever else is with her. we need to move fast. su, lin, climb up to the arm and try to disable that weapon. mako, bolin, get to the engine and see if you can power this thing down. i'm going after kuvira. are you sure. when you fought kuvira before i know. she almost destroyed me. not this time.  .  i'm going for that lever. you get the other one. hey. ooh.    i'll deal with this guy. disable the weapon.  .  nice work. the outside may be platinum, but we can do a lot of damage in here. the weapon's loading mechanism has malfunctioned. we're unable to fire. it's no malfunction. i can feel someone metalbending inside the arm. i lost the connection. the weapon's useless now.     ooh. ah. uh. ah.  uh.  . oohah.  i'm ready. be with you in one second. kind of busy. oohah. uh. okay. ready now. one. two. three. nothing's happening. kuvira must have done some override thing and taken control. there's got to be some other way to shut down power from here. um come on. you spent all that time working with varrick and baatar jr. didn't any of their genius rub off on you. look, the only thing i know about these vines is that if you mess around with them too much, they explode. get those engineers out of here. i have an idea. want to fill me in. i'm gonna zap these vines with some electricity. let's back it up, okay. i said that will make the vines explode. exactly. this is our only way of shutting this thing down. i can handle it. no, you can't. this isn't the time to prove how awesome you are. i already know how awesome you are. you're awesome. i don't have time to argue. i'm doing this, so get out of here. okay. but for the record, i do not approve. just get out as soon as you can. promise. promise. i love you. i love you, too. now go.   aahooh.  . haahh.     ah.   it's over. you're gonna call off your army and surrender to president raiko. then you anduh.  stop.  kuvira. give up. never.  please, stop this madness. it has to end now. if you really want to end it, then come and get me.  now it's over. don't.   shut it down. i can't. ah.    .   look. a new spirit portal.  spread out and find kuvira. korra.  . tenzin, there's no sign of her. keep looking. korra. korra.  . uhahh. what happened. are we dead. no. we're okay, but we're in the spirit world. all the energy from your weapon tore open a new portal and blasted us in here. why would you save my life. after everything i did to you. i guess i see a lot of myself in you. we are nothing alike. yes, we are. we're both fierce and determined to succeed, sometimes without thinking things through. this wasn't how i wanted things to end. if you had all just surrendered, none of this would've happened. you brought this on yourself. messing with the spirit vines, acting like a dictator over your peopleyou had to know what you were doing wasn't right. i was trying to help my people. su turned her back on the earth kingdom. you were gone. i had to do something. i think i get it now. you don't understand anything about me. i do. su told me how she took you in when you were younger. it must have been so hard being an orphan. don't pretend you know what it felt like. the avatar is adored by millions. i was cast aside by my own parents, like i meant nothing to them. how could i just stand by and watch the same thing happen to my nation when it needed someone to guide it. you wanted to create a place where you and your people would never be vulnerable again. i may not have been an orphan, but believe me, i understand what it feels like to be afraid. after i was poisoned, i would've done anything to feel in control. the spirits have returned. and so has korra. haha. you're okay. release kuvira, or we will attack. stand down. this battle is over. i owe the avatar my life. her power is beyond anything i could ever hope to achieve. i'll accept whatever punishment the world sees fit. and su, i'm sorry for all the anguish i've caused you and your family. you're going to answer for everything you've done. haha. and though the battle took a severe toll on our beloved city, out of the destruction, love did bloom. so that is why, dearest friends and family, we gather today to celebrate the wondrous and at times inexplicable bond between sir varrick and the lady zhu li. hey, pal. camera on me. this is my big day. true love is a fickle creature, difficult to find, nearly impossible to tame, but varrick and zhu li have proven that even the longest of long shots can have a chance at happiness together. now for the vows.  thank you, master pabu. do you, sir iknik blackstone varrick of the southern water tribe, master of the high seas, take the lady zhu li moon to be your lawfully wedded wife. will you promise to treat her not as your assistant but as your honored and cherished partner. you're darn tootin' i do. and do you, zhu li, take varrick to be your lawfully wedded husband. do you promise to care for him in sickness and in health, andand also scrub his calluses on a biweekly basis, which isn't really that much to askokay, i'm not reading all this. i do take varrick, calluses and all. you may now do the thing. oh.   are you all right. you just make me so dang happy.     .  my cousin told me how levelheaded you were during the whole evacuation. i got to admit, i'm impressed. i think you're gonna make a great leader, but that doesn't mean i'm gonna set you up with korra, so don't ask. that's okay, mako. sometimes, a good evacuation is its own reward. good to see you, prince wuor should i say king wu. you ready to get back to ba sing se and finally take the throne. yeah about that. i was actually thinking of stepping down as king and getting rid of the monarchy altogether. are you joking. for once, i'm not. now, i know what you're gonna say: i'm being lazy, i'm afraid of responsibility, i'm putting my singing career before my people, but it's none of those things. i really think the earth kingdom would be better off if the states were independent and had elected leaders like the united republic. that's actually pretty wise and mature of you. i think it's a great idea. the earth kingdom should evolve, and i'll do everything in my power to help you make that happen. looking forward to working with you, but for now, the dance floor calls. how's the arm. much better. the words "thank you" don't feel big enough for what you did, but i honestly don't know what else to say. you don't need to say anything. i want you to know i'll follow you into battle no matter how crazy things get. i've got your back and i always will. i spoke to president raiko. tomorrow, he's announcing a plan to expand the city rather than rebuild downtown. i bet aang never could've imagined there'd be a spirit portal right in the heart of republic city. korra, you've transformed the world more in a few years than most avatars did during their lifetimes. but i feel like i've only just begun. there's so much more i want to learn and do. you don't know how happy i am to hear you so full of hope again. it's been a bit of a bumpy ride, huh. i've come to realize life is one big bumpy ride. i know i was in a pretty dark place after i was poisoned, but i finally understand why i had to go through all that. i needed to understand what true suffering was so i could become more compassionate to others, even to people like kuvira. excuse me, tenzin. varrick is looking for you. something about wanting to borrow a glider suit to fly off the tower. that doesn't seem like a good idea. want to sit with me for a minute. i'm not ready to get back to the party just yet. i don't think i ever really apologized. for what. for being gone all that time. for not coming back sooner. you don't need to apologize for anything. i'm just so happy you're here now. i don't think i could have handled losing you and my father in the same day. i am so sorry about what happened. thank you. i'm just glad i was able to forgive him. so what now. back to the dance floor. i'm kind of all danced out. honestly, after everything that's happened the past few months, i could use a vacation. let's do it. let's go on a vacation, just the two of us, anywhere you want. really. okay. i've always wanted to see what the spirit world's like. sounds perfect. )