earth. fire. air. water. only the avatar can master all four elements and bring balance to the world.  the equalists are on the attack. the lieutenant and his chiblockers invaded air temple island and forced tenzin and his family to flee. in the daring escape lin beifong sacrificed herself and saved the airbenders. but she was captured and amon took her bending away. now team avatar is in hiding as they await help from general iroh and the united forces. it is a glorious day my equalist brothers and sisters. amon has torn down the tyrannical bending government. he has declared bending illegal. and he has the avatar on the run. our great leader has a vision for the future. one day soon bending will no longer exist and we will live in a world where everyone is finally equal. the united forces are on their way right now to try and stop that dream but we will prevail.  can you believe hiroshi. "the avatar's on the run. " i'm not running from anyone. let's go back up there and knock some heads. they'll never know what hit them. relax. general iroh's coming with an entire fleet of battleships. then amon will be the one who's running. i hate this "being patient" stuff.  you two were gone a while. we were doing reconnaissance. whatever. welcome back. hope you worked up an appetite 'cause dinner is served. thanks so much for letting us hide out with you the past few days. honored to oblige. my associates and i heartily oppose amon's socalled "equalist" policies. we got benders and nonbenders living together down here but do you see us fighting. no, siree. we figured out how to harmoniously coexist. street gruel i've ever had. seriously. i culled it from the finest dumpsters the city has to offer.  blagh.   can't sleep either. no, i have this awful pit in my stomach. me too. it's so crazy. a few months ago i was in the south pole practicing for my firebending test and now i'm in the middle of an allout war. i know. we didn't even know each other then. and now, i can't imagine my life without you in it. you're the most loyal brave, and selfless person i've ever known. i think you're pretty incredible too but you already knew that. i should probably try to get some sleep. me too. good night. good night.  you will now be cleansed of your impurity.  next.  coast is clear. once the united forces arrive we need to be ready to help in any way we can. they're here.  whoops. hmm. amon had to know we were coming. so why aren't we meeting any resistance. wait a second. where are the equalist airships. i don't see any mechatanks either. something's not right.  it's a trick. water and earthbenders detonate those mines.  what is that sound.   what now.  where does hiroshi find the time to keep inventing new evil machines.  incoming.       aaaah.     it's all right. i've got you.  avatar korra you saved my life. thank you. i was prepared to deal with sato's mechatanks but not these new highspeed aircraft. i know. every time we think we have an advantage amon outsmarts us. no matter what our plan is he always has a better one. amon is winning so far but we're not out of the fight yet. i like this man's confidence. so how are we not out of the fight. a second wave of reinforcements is on the way. but i need to warn them. do you still have a way to get a message out. i know just the man for the job.  and who is the recipient of this topsecret message. commander bumi. second division of the united forces.  tenzin's brother. yes. a bit of a wild man but the bravest commander you'll ever meet. ready, sir. fleet ambushed and destroyed by equalist aircraft. retreat to red sand island until my signal. do not approach city until you receive the allclear.  now comes the hard part. we need to ground those aircraft otherwise bumi's fleet will never be able to retake the city. they flew in from this direction. the airfield must be somewhere over this mountain range. everyone get ready. we leave at dawn. it's time to take down my father. wait. i'm sorry, but i'm not going with you tomorrow. what. why not. i'm sick and tired of hiding from amon. it's time i face him. that's not a good plan. we need to stick together. i'm not waiting for him to hunt me down. my gut's telling me it's time to end this. on my terms. korra, this is not a mission you should be handling alone. she won't be. i'm going with you. you don't have to do that. yes, i do.  my grandfather would respect the avatar's instinct. so will i. love you, little bro. love you back, big bro.  korra, amon is a nasty dude. be careful. i will. good luck. if you're going into the mountains you should bring naga.  take good care of bolin for me. asami. i'm sorry things got so messed up between us but whatever happens today i want you to know how much i care about you. i care about you too. good fortune and success to you, valiant heroes. there's amon. we need to get into the temple. then, when he returns we ambush him. what are you two doing here. uh we were just transferred. well, you're getting transferred again. amon wants extra security at the arena today. the arena. for what. the rally. you should have been briefed about this. we'll be there, sir. i know another way in. let's hide in the attic. uh, we're not alone up here. tarrlok. i don't suppose you're here to rescue me. we had no idea you were here. are there other prisoners on the island. no, i'm the only one. and what makes you so special. i'm amon's brother. both:  amon is from the northern water tribe. he is a waterbender and a bloodbender just like i was. what.. did you know this all along. no, not until after he captured me. how did your brother end up becoming amon. it all began with my father, yakone with the help of his former gang he escaped prison and underwent surgery to change his appearance. he assumed a new identity and settled down in the northern water tribe. that's where he met my mother a warm, caring woman. before long, they started a family together.  amon was the firstborn under the name noatak. i was born three years later. noatak was a goodnatured kid always looking out for me. those were the good years before my brother and i discovered we were waterbenders. at first, we were excited by our new abilities but our training brought out a different side of my father. tarrlok. you better shape up or you'll be out here in the cold all night until you get it right. i'm trying, but try harder. your brother was never this sloppy. dad, he'll get it. he just needs time. don't talk back to me, son. ever. even back then my brother wanted everyone to be treated fairly and equally. when i was seven my father took me and noatak on a hunting trip far away from our home. he told us his true identity was yakone republic city's most notorious crime boss and that he was once a bloodbender of rare skill. what's bloodbending. the most powerful and feared form of bending in the world. it was declared illegal thanks to that coward, katara. our family has the strongest line of bloodbenders in history. you boys have this power inside of you and i will teach you to master it. what happened to your bending, dad. the avatar stole it from me. that's why i brought you out here to learn your destiny. you two will become bloodbenders of the highest order. when the time is right you will claim republic city and you will destroy the avatar. you must avenge me. that is your purpose in life. the good days were behind us. every full moon our father took us on another supposed "hunting" trip where he secretly trained us in bloodbending. we kept the truth from our mother.   stop. you're hurting it. toughen up, tarrlok. you'll need a thicker skin for this.  very good, son. very good. a few years later my father taught us to bloodbend anytime without the need of the full moon. we practiced constantly and i hated every minute of it.   i had no stomach for manipulating helpless animals. my brother, however seemed to revel in his newfound power.   he was a prodigy mastering my father's psychic bloodbending technique by the time he was 14.   that's the way it's done. that's what you need to strive for. even though noatak was my father's favorite it wasn't any easier for him. he carried the burden of all yakone's expectations and demands. something changed in noatak over the years. the loving brother i once knew became cold and detached.  our father pushed us to extremes and one day he made us bloodbend each other. noatak, go.    excellent. uhh.  tarrlok. your turn. no, i won't do it. bloodbend your brother tarrlok. that felt awful. i don't want to do that to anyone. i never want to bloodbend again. you're a disgrace a weakling. i'll teach you a lesson you insubordinate unh. stay away from him. how dare you bloodbend me. what are you going to do about it. you're the weak one. unh. aah. you always say bloodbending is the most powerful thing in the world but it isn't the avatar is. he took your bending away. what could be more powerful than that. i made you what you are. you're mine. we're your sons not your tools of revenge. let's go. we can run away from him, forever. run away. but what about mom. we can't just leave her. he was right about you. you are a weakling. hunh.  noatak. don't leave, please. noatak. my father and i searched for days but we never found a sign of noatak. we thought he perished in that storm. my mother was never the same after the loss of my brother. my father stopped training me. with noatak gone his hopes for revenge withered and he passed away a few years later. that's one of the saddest stories i've ever heard. avatar korra i am truly sorry for all that i did to you. i thought i was better than my father but his ghost still shaped me. i became a soldier of revenge just like he wanted me to be and so did my brother. the revolution may be built on a lie but i think amon truly believes bending is the source of all evil in the world. how did you figure out amon is your brother. when he took my bending the sensation was somehow familiar. i later recognized it as my brother's bloodbending grip. so he somehow uses bloodbending to take people's bending. i don't know how he does it, but then again i've never encountered a bender as strong as noatak. how in the world do we beat him. we can't. any attack we throw at him he'll redirect with his mind. that's how he's been able to challenge any bender. so much for our ambush. if we stay here, we're toast. but there's another way to beat him. how. this whole time amon has been one step ahead of us. but finally we have the advantage we know the truth about him. if we expose him as a bender in front of all his supporters at the rally we could take away his true power. and undermine this whole revolution. thank you for your help. we can't just leave him here. go. amon can't know anyone spoke with me. defeat him. put an end to this sad story. v i think we found our secret airfield. bolin, once we get down there i need you to tear up those runways. we can't let those aircraft take off. ayeaye, captain ooh, general. general.  all right, you guys wait here until we get back, okay. uhuh. stay.  why would there be fence posts but no fence.     thank you all for joining me on this historic occasion.  when i was a boy a firebender struck down my entire family and left me scarred. that tragic event began my quest to equalize the world. that's a lie, amon. or should i call you "noatak". you want her taken out. no. everyone, calm down. we have nothing to fear from the avatar. let's hear what she has to say. amon has been lying to you. the spirits didn't give him the power to take people's bending away. he uses bloodbending to do it. amon is a waterbender.  what is this nonsense. you're desperate, avatar. making up stories about me is a pathetic last resort. your family wasn't killed by a firebender. his father was yakone and his brother is councilman tarrlok.   an amusing tale. but i will show you the truth.  this is what a firebender did to me. what. the avatar is lying. i'm telling you he's a waterbender. they don't believe me. it didn't work. we said what we had to. let's get out of here. i wouldn't leave yet avatar. you'll miss the main event.   no. they got away. we saw them get away.  asami. asami, i know i have hurt you and i am sorry. but i believe that one day you will come to your senses and we can be a family again. are you insane. how can we be a family after everything you've done. mom would hate you for what you've become. how dare you. i am avenging her death. the airplanes are ready for takeoff, sir. good. annihilate the fleet. both:  that's right, general. i intercepted your message to commander bumi. i know exactly where they're hiding. how are we gonna get out of here. i don't suppose you know how to metalbend. that is a negative, sir. naga, over here.  who needs a metalbender. we got naga. yeah. i'm going after those airplanes. whoa. no, naga.  huh, what do you know. just like a future industries forklift.   aah. tonight, i rid the world of airbending forever.  amon, let them go. you're welcome to come down here and try to stop me. he's trying to bait you. i don't care. we have to save them. the avatar needs to be reminded of the power i possess.   where are pema and the baby. in prison. beifong. i don't know.  aah. follow me, kids. get them out of here. we'll create a diversion. let's go get your mother and the baby. prison break.     let her go.    no. korra.  i told you i would destroy you.  aah.   thanks for looking out for me, aang.  whoa. whoa. thanks, naga. asami. what do you think you're doing. you are aiding the very people who took your mother away. you don't feel love for mom anymore. you're too full of hatred. you ungrateful insolent child.  aah. i now see there is no chance to save you. aah.  mr. sato, you are a horrible father. aah. you really are a horrible father. aah.   finally you are powerless.   amon. everything the avatar said is true, isn't it. i just saw you bloodbend her. you traitor. i dedicated my life to you.  you served me well lieutenant.  mako my bending everything will be all right. we just need to get out of here.  i'm impressed. no one has ever gotten the better of me like that.  it is almost a shame to take the bending of someone so talented. almost.  no.  impossible ii can airbend. i can airbend. hunh. ha. ha. hunh. aah.  no you don't. aah.  did you see what happened. who was that.  can you see him.  could that be. you bending tyrant. evil avatar. what did you do to our leader.  he's waterbending. what. he is a bender. the scar is fake. the avatar was telling the truth.  noatak. it's over, brother. i'm sorry for what i had to do to you.  our father set us on this path. fate caused us to collide. i should have left with you when we were boys.  leave with me now. we have a second chance. we can start over together. please, you're all i have left in the world. i can't believe amon got you too. hey, at least you unlocked your airbending. bro, not the time. right, right. i'll just stand over here. quietly. in silence. you saved republic city. but amon got away. yay. uncle bumi's here. wahoo.  great. now i have to entertain my brother. the two of us together again. there's nothing we can't do. yes, noatak. noatak  i'd almost forgotten the sound of my own name.  it will be just like the good old days.   i've tried everything in my power but i cannot restore korra's bending. but you're the best healer in the world. you have to keep trying. i'm sorry. there's nothing else i can do. korra can still airbend but her connection to the other elements has been severed. it's going to be all right, korra. no, it's not.  korra, wait. go away. i will but i just want you to know i'm here for you. no, i mean go away back to republic city. get on with your life. what are you talking about. i'm not the avatar anymore. you don't need to do me any favors. i don't care if you're the avatar or not. listen when tarrlok took you i was losing my mind at the thought of never seeing you again. i realized i love you, korra. i i can't. korra. we need to be patient with her. it will take time for her to accept what has happened.   not now, tenzin. i just want to be left alone. but you called me here. aang. you have finally connected with your spiritual self. how. when he hit our lowest point we are open to the greatest change.   i love you too. thank you. i am so proud of you avatar korra. )