earth. fire. air. water. only the avatar can master all four elements and bring balance to the world. after a hundred and seventy years there are new airbenders in the world, and bumi is one of them. so too is the mysterious zaheer who escaped from his remote prison thanks to his new ability. now exiled from republic city korra has made it her mission to find all the new airbenders. but will she and tenzin be able to bring back the air nation. did someone order a fullyequipped future industries airship. it's perfect. thanks, asami. i figured if we're going to ba sing se to search for airbenders, we should do it in style. yay, airship. i want to see. come on, poki. while you guys are gone, pema and i will hold down the fort. who's excited to spend some time with your auntie kya. ew. aww. he likes you. mako, i'm so glad you're here. of course korra avatar. avatar korra. once i received your message, i proceeded to contact various locations within the earth kingdom as ordered by you, the avatar. right. the avatar thanks you for your loyal service. did you find any more leads. there are reports of airbenders popping up all over the earth kingdom. i marked the villages on this map. you guys can take it with you. actually, i was kind of hoping you could come too. really. um it's probably better if i sit this one out. i know things have been weird between us since we broke up, but you're a part of team avatar and we can't do this without you. i'm sorry. i can't. i'll miss you, sweetie. i'll miss you too. once we find the airbenders, i'll send word. you can join us at the northern air temple then. hey, how come jinora gets to go with you, but we don't. that's so not fair. yeah, what this girl said, not fair. because if airbenders show up here, they're gonna need some guidance from you two. it's a very important job. really. me, a teacher. yay. those maggots will bow to me. go easy on them, son. mako, wait a sec. korra already asked, bro. i can't just leave republic city. i have a life here and a job. a life. you sleep under your desk. and what's a more important job than helping the avatar rebuild an entire civilization. it's not just that. i feel like i've been drifting apart from everyone. well drift back. we need you. come on, mako. we're going to ba sing se, where dad grew up. what if i meet our grandma for the very first time. and she asks me, "where is your sweet brother," and i have to say "i'm sorry, grandma, he had some really important police paperwork to file" and she starts to cry those grandma tears and is like, "mako, oh why, mako, i can't go on, i can't" and then she dies. okay, alright. i'll come with you. i guess i got to call beifong. she's not going to be happy. bye. we'll miss you. as of now, these are the towns where we've gotten reports about airbenders. it looks like we can hit up most of them before we get to ba sing se. we're going to bring the air nation back from the brink of extinction after nearly 200 years. and it's all because of you, korra. finally, our shift change is here. hey. where are the other guards. zaheer. it's nice to see again, ghazan. thanks for busting me out. where'd you pick up the new skills. i have harmonic convergence to thank for that. i was given a gift. i believe it's a sign that our path is a righteous one. avatar korra. oh, it is such an honor to have you come to our humble village. thanks. i hate to get down to business, but, is the airbender here now. kuon and his family will be joining us shortly for a special dinner. please, right this way. kuon has been the talk of the town ever since he got airbending. he's like a local celebrity. i just want to say that it's an honor to meet a fellow airbender. oh, i still just think of myself as a simple farmer who can airbend. oh, i'm so sorry. i still don't have any control. no worries. i love pie. and so does pabu. well, you're so much more than just a farmer now. harmonic convergence changed everything. you represent the future of a culture that is being reborn. you're going to help us rebuild the air nation. i'm going to do what now. the only thing i'm planning to rebuild is my barn. but you must come with us to the northern air temple. well, i can't do that. i have a family and a farm. of course you can come. this is of the utmost importance. your wife will understand. wait, what. no. i do not understand. daddy, where are you going. why does the bald man want to take you away. no one's going to take daddy away, sweetheart. actually, this bald man does want to take him, but it's for an important cause. your dad is an airbender and he should learn about his culture. i think there's been some sort of misunderstanding. i'm not going with you. i might be able to airbend, but i'm no airnomad. i'm no monk. okay, maybe we should just have some dessert, huh. who's up for dessert. sir, you must understand. you're an airbender now, and there are thousands of years of culture you must learn about. skills you must master. you expect me to abandon my entire life. my family. no. no, sir. i'm not going anywhere with you and i think it's best that you leave. in my head i saw that playing out very differently. maybe we should have stayed and tried harder to convince him to join us. or we could've thrown him into a potato sack and forced him into the ship. that's how they got me to join the united forces. no, we can't coerce people or throw them in potato sacks. they must come freely. but not to worry, there are plenty of other airbenders out there who will be happy to come with us once they find out what the air nation's all about. when your son becomes a master, he'll get tattoos all over his body, just like me. there's nothing more nutritious than our vegetarian diet. i can tell that you're going to love wearing our ancient airbender robes. they're very breathable. you'll never have to worry about your worldly possessions again because you won't have any. you'll get to shave your head. your best friend will be a giant bison. i really thought i had that last guy. who doesn't want a bison as their best friend. it's okay, tenzin. i still want to be an airbender. okay, we've tried it your way, and people just don't seem to be responding. it's time for a little tough love. oh, are you the avatar. when my son got airbending, my husband and i were so happy. we thought this could open a lot of doors for him. and maybe he could finally move out of the basement. how old is he. he's 22, and, you know, still just figuring his life out. well, i have a great opportunity for him. we're looking for airbenders to join us at the northern air temple. that sounds wonderful. i'll get him. ryu, get up here. hi, i'm korra. so, you're like the avatar or something. big deal. ah, i just wanted to talk to you about an opportunity yeah, i heard you talking to my mom, and i'm not interested. well, you're gonna be interested. you're an airbender now, and you have a responsibility as a citizen of the world. whatever. i didn't ask to become an airbender, you know. well, i didn't ask to be the avatar, but i am, and i'm fulfilling my duties. so. you don't have to. yes, i do have to. no, you don't. yes, i do. no, you don't. well, if i didn't embrace my role, then our entire world could be thrown into chaos. think about that. is that what you want. maybe. no, it's not. so what. who cares. everyone cares. i don't care. yes, you do. no, i don't. well, you're about to care, you little slacker, because you're coming with me. stop pulling on my collar, you're stretching it out. mom, are you just gonna just let her take me. i think it's a great opportunity. just try it for a week and see how it goes. no. let me go. aah. that's it. korra, enough. let's get out of here. so nice to meet you. good luck with your son. we're under attack. look out. aah. aah. oh. whoa. i never thought i'd be so happy to see your ugly mugs again. great to see you too, minghua. i'm flattered, you busted me out before that girlfriend of yours. we're getting her next. well, i guess we should just go to ba sing se and try our luck there. i don't know what to do. i just thought more people would be excited about coming with us. well, maybe you gotta do more to get them excited. you need to add a little razzle dazzle. yeah, razzle dazzle. we could put on some sort of airbending street performance. i was going to say we could cover tenzin's robe in sequins, but that's even better. it sounds ridiculous, but it might work. i'm willing to try anything at this point. yes. that is the kind of enthusiasm i like to hear. come one, come all and witness the amazing airbenders. an airbending show that will leave you breathless with wind. first up, the tattooed master himself. you know him as the son of avatar aang. he shaves every hair on his head, every single day. it's the one, the only guy with an arrow pointing to his nose tenzin. now, now, ladies and gentlemen, ladies and gentlemen, please be quiet. i have some serious news. we've heard that an escaped firebending convict has been spotted near here. now, i don't want to panic anyone, but if you see a firebender with a red scarf i see him. he's right there. i am the escaped convict, and you will all reap my fire. oh, no, who will help us. i will. with my airbending skills. whoa. aah. oh. aah. aah. hey. let me go. this is not what we rehearsed. korra. with the power of airbending, even this beast can float like a feather. look what can be done in only a few short weeks of practice. no, no, don't worry, folks, she might be young, but she is in full control. ladies and gentlemen, if you or anyone you know is an airbender, please send them our way. master tenzin and avatar korra would love to teach them all they know. hey. hello. if you're looking for airbenders, you just found one. i want to join you guys. get outta town. we got our first recruit. just to be totally clear, we're going to be heading to ba sing se, then the northern air temple to live as nomads and rebuild the air nation. all that sound good to you. yeah, ba sing se, rebuild the temple, air nomad what do you do i'm in. let's go right now. this is going to be so great. you are gonna love it uh, ah real quick, what's your name. kai. so when do we hit the road. hang on a second, kai. where are your parents. we can't have you come with us without their permission. my parents are gone. you're an orphan. it happened about a year ago. my hometown was raided by outlaws, but my parents fought back against them. i was so scared, but they told me not to worry. they would protect me. and they did. my parents saved me and the entire village. but they died in the fight. mom and pop meant everything to me. they were my whole life. ever since then, i've been on my own and on the run. those same outlaws are still after me. well, you don't have to be on the run anymore. right, guys. tell him. i'm so sorry ry about your parents. i know we could never replace them, but we're here for you. we'll keep you safe. come on. when you board this airship, you're gonna leave your old life behind and start a new path. that's some big brother advice. just think of me as your big brother. guys, i think we got trouble. release the boy or we'll take him by force. the outlaws they're after me. let's get out of here. we're not running from anyone. if you want kai, you'll have to go through me. your days of harassing an innocent boy are over. you outlaws are going to prison. outlaws. innocent boy. i'm a sheriff and these are my deputies. and this kid is a thief. whatever he told you is a lie. we've been chasing him for months. where's kai. right here. i found him slipping away. i was going to the bathroom. with your sack of gold. i told you, i found that on the road. enough with the lies, kid. i want the truth. the truth is, he's the outlaw. he spent his entire life as an orphan until he got adopted by a real nice family about six months ago. and how did he repay them. by taking their entire life savings. we've been after him ever since. is that true. the person who stole that stuff was the old me. once i got airbending, i changed. i don't know how to explain it, but i feel like airbending chose me for a reason. like i'm a new person. i'm sorry. please. you have to listen to me. are you taking him back to the orphanage. no. he's headed to jail. wait. you guys got the family's life savings back. now let us take kai. do you really want our first new member of the air nation to be a liar and a thief. he just needs some guidance, tenzin. and who better to give it to him than us. do you want this kid or not. yes. you can release the boy into our custody. thank you. don't make me regret it. welcome to the family, little bro. i just want you to know, i'm going to be watching you, kid. i know exactly what you're all about because i've been there before. you don't have me fooled. whoa, hey, lighten up. i'm turning over a new leaf. making a change. don't you worry about me. hi, i'm jinora. if you need any help with airbending i could show you what i know. thanks. that's real nice of you. jinora. we're leaving now. they came out of nowhere. i'm so sorry, lord zuko. how could you let this happen. they caught us by surprise. and zaheer is an airbender now. no. this can't be. do you have any idea the power these criminals possess. individually, they can take down any bender. put them all together, they could take down the entire world. and now you're telling me their leader is an airbender. we can track them we don't need to track them. i know exactly where they're going. notify the new chiefs of the northern watertribe that an attack on their prison is imminent. and send word to lin beifong in republic city. the avatar must be protected. where are you going. to stop them. )