earth. fire. air. water. only the avatar can master all four elements and bring balance to the world. bolin, opal, and lin rescued the beifongs and zhu li from kuvira. now they're racing to republic city to alert everyone about the earth empire's imminent attack. meanwhile, korra and team avatar have been preparing for just such an event. prince wu is leading an evacuation effort while asami and varrick are creating flying mechasuits. but with kuvira planning to strike in only two weeks, will they be ready in time. today we stand on the precipice of history. for the past three years, we've fought side by side to unite the earth empire and we've proven that no one can stand in our way. not even the avatar. but our mission is not yet complete. there is a grave injustice that must be corrected. as you all know, after the hundred year war, avatar aang, along with fire lord zuko stole earth empire land and formed the united republic. this land belongs to the people of the earth empire and it's time to take it back. republic city will be ours. all hail the great uniter. are you ready to show the world what a true super power looks like. yes. i'm honored to march into the city by your side. i love you, kuvira. i never could've done this without your help. after we claim victory, we can finally get married and rule our empire together. how's the evacuation coming. could be better. at this point we've evacuated almost18 families. only 18. there are millions of people in this city. i said it could be better. the problem is it's a voluntary evacuation and there aren't many volunteers. they just don't feel like they're in any immediate danger. guys. good. you're all here. what's with you interrupting my important meetings all the time. su. what are youyou're okay. i'm so sorry about zaofu. how did you escape. opal, beifong, and i rescued everyone but we had a run in with kuvira. we saw her super spirit weapon up close. like, really close. way too close. is she going to use it against republic city. yes. i found out she's going to attack in two weeks. oh. and zhu li is on our side now. actually, she never really switched sides. and i'm just gonna let her explain the whole thing, zhu li. i pretended to be loyal to kuvira so i could sabotage her weapon. it didn't work, but i did overhear her plans to attack. i knew she wouldn't stop at zaofu. my guess is, she's coming by rail. it's the only way she can transport that weapon. then we'll cut the rail lines. i agree. but let's get as many citizens evacuated before we do. put out the announcement. the evacuation is now mandatory. we're on it. don't worry, mr. president. i won't let kuvira take our city. weld hotter. tighten tighter. the president said we only have two weeks to get these hummingbirds humming. varrick, good, you're here. can i talk to you for a minute. what is it. i'm busy inspiring my workers. well, i went to zaofu and saved su and her family and guess who else we found ha. zhu li. now, isn't there something you wanted to say to her. hmm. please, let me go first. i know i said a lot of terrible things about you in front of kuvira, but i need you to know, i didn't mean one word. when you were being taken away, i thought my only chance to save you was to join her. but everyday i hoped for the chance to see you again and tell you the truth. varrick, you mean the world to me, and i'm sorry if i hurt you in any way. don't be so hard on yourself. apology accepted. now be a good assistant and man the assembly line. no. i am not your assistant anymore. if you want me around, you need to start treating me like an equal. we're patched in on the emergency broadcast line. you're going out to every radio in the city. attention citizens of republic city, this is not a test. an attack on our city is imminent. president raiko has ordered a mandatory evacuation for all citizens. please find your evacuation handbooks and turn to subsection one dash two six. there you will find initial instructions for your area. for example, if you live in northwestvectorone report to your primary meeting location which would be at the eastern entrance of the southern water tribe library. there, you will choose a leader as specified in section one dash two eight. uh, chief, we're getting confused calls from all over the city. i think mako's starting a panic. what's confusing. i'm giving very specific instructions. great, this is just what we need. i got this. hello, everyone. this is prince wu. now i know you're all a little scared. believe me, i know what it's like to be afraid. i used to not be able to go to the bathroom by myself. but if we let that fear control us, none of us will ever be able to go to the bathroom, and then we all lose. but the people of republic city aren't losers, we're winners. winners that are going to get out of this city in a calm and orderly fashion. so i want you to grab your family, grab your neighbor, grab that guy down the street you don't know very well and head to the nearest bus, train, or ferry station. we're going to get you out of here, safe and sound. good job, kid. you might not make such a bad king after all. rohan's with the acolytes. they have the boat ready to leave. why aren't you all packed yet. the kids and i have been talking and we decided we wanna stay. this is our city, and it's going to need all the help it can get. yeah. only a coward flees his fate. thank you. i'm sure prince wu could use your help with the evacuation. and you three can help the other airbenders keep an eye on the earth empire troops from above. kuvira will rue the day she messed with meelo. i still don't like having to abandon my office and the city. air temple island is the ideal location for your base of operations. and you'll be safe here. there's something we need to discuss with you. what is it. the four of us have been talking and we want to take out kuvira's spirit weapon before it gets too close to the city. that sounds like a risk we don't need to take. the evacuation is on schedule and general iroh is getting his army in place. i know iroh can go toe to toe with kuvira's army, but that weaponit's too powerful. it can destroy the city. we can't let it get to our doorstep. we'll sneak behind enemy lines and disable the weapon. if it works, it'll even the playing field. but if you get caught it's worth the risk. i agree, and it might be our only shot at preventing an all out war. good luck. we'll head out tonight. there's something out there. it's kuvira's army. they're a week early. get the commander immediately, and radio republic city. guys, i see something. down there. is that. kuvira. she's already crossed into united republic territory. she's a week early. this doesn't make sense. there aren't any train tracks this way. how are they transporting that super weapon of theirs. apparently on a giant mechasuit. did you know kuvira was building that thing. oh, did i forget to mention it. no. of course i didn't know. there's a flying bison up ahead. the avatar i know what happens next. we gotta get outta here now. now. should we go after them. they're going to warn republic city. let them. no one can stop us. korra, are you all right. why are you back so soon. it's kuvira. our intel was wrong. she must've know zhu li had the information. what are you trying to say. kuvira's army is only a few hours away. no, they can't be we're not ready. and that spirit weapon of hers is attached to a giant mechasuit. it's over 25 stories tall. get general iroh on the line and tell him the attack is happening today. we need to lock down this city. pema, find wu and get the remaining citizens to safety immediately. we can't have innocent lives in jeopardy. what should we do. let's go to my factory. maybe we can get a few of those hummingbird suits up and running. we're coming with you. i'll head to the front lines and help general iroh. kuvira this is president raiko. i order you to stand down. turn you army around and leave. you're in no position to give orders. stand down or we will attack. i don't think you understand the power i possess. let me make it clear. this is exactly why i didn't want to build that weapon. mr. president, do i have your order to engage. you have three seconds or i wipe out your army. i have no choice. time's up. stop. we surrender. republic city is yours. good. turn your army and the avatar over to me and give baatar your location. he'll present you with our terms. i'm not surrendering. get back to the city before she sees you. and korra, find a way to beat that thing. i will. we've done it kuvira. and i just got word that president raiko is on air temple island. i'm heading there now. raiko surrendered. it's down to us now. how are we supposed to fight an entire army, a mechagiant, and that crazy weapon. we can't fight it, but maybe we can cripple it. zhu li, when you were spying on kuvira, did you learn anything about that metal monster. i had no idea they were even building it. guess baatar jr. is a better inventor than i thought. don't tell him i said that. that's it. baatar jr. built ithe'll know how to take it down. i say we capture him and get him to talk. hmm i know it's a long shot, but it's the only chance we have and if we don'tkorra. i'm in. we'll need a stealth team of airbenders to get in and out of baatar's airship unnoticed. tenzin, bumi, jinora, kailet's get moving. what about me. sorry buddy, but this mission counts on everyone being as silent as possible. and your farts are just too much of a wild card. i can be quiet. okay. point taken. is everyone ready. you've made a terrible mistake. once kuvira finds out i'm missing, you're all done for. that's why before she finds out, you're going to tell us how to stop that mechagiant, or else or else what. you won't hurt me. i know an empty threat when i see one. was this you best idea. you've lost, only you haven't accepted it yet. let me talk to him. are you sure. check the engine room. what's going on. is everything all right. just a minute, sir. i'm telling you, i looked everywhere. all right, enough whispering. i'm ready to discuss the terms of the surrender with baatar jr. where is he. uh i'm not really sure. baatar if you think i'm going to spill all my secrets to you, mother, you're sadly mistaken. why are you doing this. i know you set out to help better the world but this is madness. it's madness to let others take what's yours and accept it blindly. the united republic belongs to us. and we're taking it back. but at what cost. how many people have to lose their lives before kuvira is satisfied. it doesn't have to cost any lives if you would all just surrender. all that kuvira and i want is a united earth empire. i don't know what i did to hurt you, but whatever it was, i'm sorry. when you left zaofu, it broke my heart. and our family has never been the same since. please, baatar. stop all of this and come home. we want you back with us. kuvira is my family now. we're going about this all wrong. you're right, i'm not going to physically hurt you if you don't talk. but there is something i can do that will be even more painful. i will take away the one thing you care for the mostkuvira. what do you mean. kuvira might win. she might chase us out of the city. but you won't be around to enjoy the victory. because wherever i run, i'll take you. i'm going to make it my life's mission to never let you see the one you love again. is taking the city worth losing kuvira forever. you can't. i will. unless you convince kuvira to back off. you two will still have the earth empire, just leave the united republic alone. it's kuvira. she wants to talk to baatar. what should i tell her. for goodness sake, give me that radio. let me talk to her. kuvira, this is raiko. what kind of game are you playing. you told me you would send baatar over with your terms, and then he doesn't show. what do you mean he didn't show. according to your people, he's not on the airship. if he's not on the airship then where is he. kuvira, it's baatar. i've been captured. my airship was ambushed and i was taken by force. korra refuses to release me unless we back down and leave the city. are you injured. i'm fine. is the avatar there with you now. yes. everyone is here. find out where that radio signal's coming from. listen to me. if you try to take republic city, the avatar will never let me see you again and i refuse to live that way. forget the united republic. we have our empire. we have each other. let's go back home and get married. the only thing that matters is that we're together for the rest of our lives. we've identified their position. you're right, this city isn't worth sacrificing our life together. i love you, baatar. as soon as we work out terms with kuvira, we'll let you out of here. guys. she must have our location. she's point that weapon right at us. no, she wouldn'teveryone out. now. now. no. keep the president safe. i'm going to check for survivors. )