earth. fire. air. water. only the avatar can master all four elements and bring balance to the world. korra and jinora have entered the spirit world. with tenzin's daughter as her spiritual guide, the avatar has one mission: to close the spirit portal before harmonic convergence. meanwhile, unalaq has been working with the dark spirit vaatu, who was imprisoned by avatar wan 10,000 years ago. will korra be able to close the portal and stop unalaq from enacting his deadly plan. i can't believe my little girl had to guide korra into the spirit world instead of me. if anything happens to her, i won't be able to forgive myself. she's very smart, and she obviously has a strong connection to the spirits. she'll be fine. yeah, dad went all the time. they won't have their bending in there. they'll be defenseless. excuse me, but i've never had bending, and i don't think i'd call myself "defenseless. " of course you aren't, because you have your, um positive attitude. i would have said acute intellect and catlike reflexes, but whatever. why don't you two get some sleep. i'll take the first watch. wake us up if you need some company. or if any interesting spirity stuff happens, like their bodies start floating around and you need someone to help you grab them before they fly off. bumi. i'm just saying we're here if you need us. i know you are. thank you. please come back soon. isn't it beautiful. just stick close to me, okay. this seems nice, but you never know when we'll run into some dark spirits. huh. look. it's like it's made of jewels. the spirits are so much more beautiful in their own world than they are at home. jinora, be careful. hold on. hey. watch where you're goin', you giant clod. sorry. this is a residential area, in case you hadn't noticed. who do you think you are, stomping through here like that. i'm the avatar. the avatar. not impressed. i'm trying to find the spirit portals. i opened one i heard unalaq did that. no, i did, but well, if you opened it, how come you don't know where it is, huh. bbbecause i was at the south pole. i don't trust her. get out of our world. we don't need you. you don't belong here. get away from me. did you guys see that. she tried to bend at us in our own holes. get her. jinora. korra. stay calm. your energy is upsetting them. you're only making it worse. jinora. jinora. jinora. ah. jinora. jinora. korra. where are you. hello. i'm lost. can anyone help me. furryfoot, is that you. it's so good to see you again. you're so big here. i don't suppose you know where korra is, do you. we were supposed to go find the spirit portals, but i don't know how to find anything down here. it's like an awesome tree house. wait, i read about this place. grandpa aang came here. it's wan shi tong's spirit library. ah. get away. i'm sorry i swatted you. you just scared me. you two look lost. maybe i can help you. i know you. i was good friends with avatar aang. iroh. hello, korra. i'm glad you came to visit us in the spirit world, korra. you came just in time. we're having a little tea party to celebrate mayjim's wedding. how can you marry each other. aren't you complete opposites. i know. i tried to fight it, but she really grew on me. the spirit world is very mysterious, but so is love. help yourself to some tea and cakes. they are spirit cakes, so you won't gain any weight. of course, you won't lose any, either. this part of the spirit world isn't so scary. my teapot. that's right. it was yours long, long ago. when you were avatar wan, you used it to carry the light spirit raava around until the two of you became one. it's my favorite thing i've found here. you know, when you make tea in it, you can still taste a little light in every cup. wow. i could just stay in here forever, reading. the last human who said that is still here. professor zei. i see that you have some knowledge of the past, so you should know that humans are no longer allowed in my library. get out. i thought anyone could come in if they brought you some new knowledge. those are the old rules. besides, what is a little girl going to teach wan shi tong, he who knows 10,000 things. well, since you've been down in the spirit world, the humans have invented radio. yes, i am well aware of the radio. but do you know how it works. of course i do. there is a box, and inside the box, there is a tiny man who sings and plays musical instruments. actually, when we speak, our voices produce sound waves. radio takes those sound waves and converts them into electromagnetic energy that is transmitted through the spectrum all right, enough. i did not know this. apparently, i have been fed some misinformation about the existence of tiny men in boxes. still, i'm not interested in that human garbage. now go away. my grandfather was the avatar, and i came to the spirit world with the new avatar to find the spirit portals. i would think that you'd wanna help me. you came with the avatar, hm. well, why didn't you say so. fine, you may look around, but don't break anything. i'll know. come on, furryfoot. we gotta hurry. they say that the game of pai sho was invented by the spirits, although some of them don't seem to grasp it very well. just hold on. i'm thinking. as you can see, it is a game that requires great patience, but time does not mean much to us here. how long have you lived here. oh, i've been here for many years. i had always enjoyed the company of the spirits, so when my work was done in the material world, i chose to leave my body behind and come to the spirit world. it can be a wonderful place, and i've made so many friends. korra, what's wrong. i came here with my friend, but i lost her, and now i'm all alone. you're not alone, korra. it's okay. no. it's not okay. jinora's gone, and i need to find her. she's lost, and we need to go home. i don't like the spirit world. i don't want to be here anymore. did you say something to her. me. you're the one with the big mouth. korra, please, stop. look at what you're doing to everyone. i did that. in the spirit world, your emotions become your reality, especially for the avatar because you are the bridge between the two worlds. you must try to stay positive. i'm sorry. there. you see. i can make the sun shine. even in the material world, you will find that if you look for the light, you can often find it. but if you look for the dark, that is all you will ever see. i'm looking for my friend. i want her here now. why didn't she come out like the sun. i'm afraid finding her won't be so easy. but what am i supposed to do. sometimes, the best way to solve your own problems is to help someone else. this little fellow needs to go home as well. maybe if you help him find his friends, you will be able to find yours. i'll take him home. where do i go. the dragonbird nest is located there, at the top of hairiyo peak. it's not in here either. i have to find the portals. korra's probably waiting for me there right now. i need to find a map that shows where the spirit portals are. could you help me. thanks. this is it. the tree of time. that's where avatar wan imprisoned vaatu. "the elders believed that as long as the portals "are closed during the harmonic convergence, "vaatu will remain imprisoned "and the battle between good and evil "will not be fought again. "but if both portals are opened, "spirit energy is amplified greatly. "during the harmonic convergence, "this energy will be great enough "to allow vaatu to break free from his bonds, "and the material world will again risk being consumed by darkness. " we have to warn korra. leaving so soon. when wan shi tong told me he had a visitor, i had to see it with my own eyes. i can't believe tenzin sent his daughter here instead of coming himself. what kind of a father is he. better than you. wan shi tong, how can you be helping him. unalaq has proven to be a true friend to the spirits, unlike the avatar. why would you wanna help vaatu escape. he'll destroy everything. don't believe everything you read. why don't you come with me so you can do some firsthand research. furryfoot. this looks scary. will you come with me. this is something that you must do on your own. the people who have been coming to the spirit world lately have brought darkness and anger, so that is what you see now. but you have light and peace inside of you. if you let it out, you can change the world around you. besides, look at this little fellow. this mountain is his home. when you first met him, you were frightened. but does he seem scary to you now. no. many things that seem threatening in the dark become welcoming when we shine a light on them. it was good to meet you. come visit me again, in this life or the next. bye. okay. time for you to go home. light and peace. light and peace. i'm not afraid of you. you're not scary. you just look that way. i have light inside. it's okay. you can be my friends. my name is korra, and i'm taking this dragonbird home. iroh said you could be nice. do you wanna help me. all right, now let's close that portal and go find jinora. that's where vaatu is. so you've returned, raava. the harmonic convergence is coming soon, and this time, i'm going to wipe you out for good. i think you've said that before, vaatu, but i'm here to close the portal. you're not getting out. you might want to reconsider, that is, if you want to save your friend. jinora. i can't believe i trusted you. you made me think you wanted to restore balance with the spirits. but this, this isn't balance. it's madness. now let her go. if you want your friend to make it out of the spirit world, you'll open the other portal now. don't do it, korra. what will it be. open the portal, or lose your friend's soul forever. stop. i'll do it. now, let jinora go. ah. you should have come through the portal. then you could do this. korra. i'll see you soon, raava. once the harmonic convergence comes, i'll be free from this prison. and then i will have my revenge. korra. what was it like. did you manage to close the portal. was jinora able to help you. tenzin, i'm i'm sorry. where's jinora. wwhy isn't she waking up. korra. what happened to my little girl. )