earth. fire. air. water. only the avatar can master all four elements and bring balance to the world. after fusing with vaatu, unalaq became a dark avatar and ripped korra and raava apart. by destroying raava, unalaq and vaatu transformed into the most powerful dark spirit that's ever lived. tenzin managed to free jinora from the fog of lost souls, but her spiritual quest isn't over yet. can anyone save the world from eternal darkness. ooh. pretty. general iroh, are your ships in position. yes, mr. president, but i need to know what kind of enemy we're dealing with. it's time to take back the physical world. fire. monster attack. they're over here. please, wake up. they're going to be all right, but i need to get them into some spirit water right away. thank goodness you're all okay. did you find jinora. i was able to rescue her soul, but she wasn't ready to return to her body yet. she sense the world was in grave danger. she was right. were you able to stop unalaq and vaatu. no, they fused, then vaatu ripped raava right out of me and destroyed her. vaatu won. no. i'm too young to live through 10,000 years of darkness. korra, can't you talk to one of your past lives or something. when vaatu destroyed raava, he destroyed my connection to the past avatars too. if that's true, then the cycle is over. i'm the last avatar. i'm so sorry, tenzin. she needs you now, more than ever. it's going to destroy the entire city. we're going down. it's pandemonium in the streets. giant vines are destroying everything. this is shiro shinobi signing off zhu li, commence operation "winged freedom." do the thing. the other avatars may not be able to help you anymore, but perhaps i can. no one can help me now. i know i haven't been the best mentor to you, but i realized it was because i had a lot of spiritual growth to do myself. there may still be a way for you to stop vaatu. how. let go of your attachment to who you think you are, and connect with your inner spirit. haven't you heard anything i said. raava is gone. i'm not connected to a spirit anymore. i'm not talking about raava. raava is not who you are. come with me. i need to show you something. why are you showing me vaatu's prison. because this tree had a history long before it held vaatu. this is the tree of time. and the legends say that its roots bind the spirit and physical worlds together. and you think this tree can help me somehow. yes, i have read that long ago, the ancients would meditate beneath this tree and connect with the great cosmic energy of the universe. these are my memories. the tree of time remembers all. korra, the most powerful thing about you is not the spirit of raava, but your own inner spirit. you have always been strong, unyielding, and fearless. avatar wan. before he fused with raava, wan was just a regular person. but he was brave and smart and always wanted to defend the helpless. that's right. he became a legend because of who he was, not what he was. he wasn't defined by raava any more than you are. everyone in republic city is in danger. you have to help them, korra. how. they're halfway around the world. do as the ancients once did. connect to the cosmic energy of the universe. don't bend the elements, but the energy within yourself. you really think i can do this. i have no doubt. thank you for not giving up on me. i'm proud of you. if you and vaatu have the same fight every 10,000 years, why hasn't one of you destroyed the other. he cannot destroy light any more than i can destroy darkness. one cannot exist without the other. find the light in the dark. uh what did you say to her, exactly. korra's back. and she's a blue giant. you are looking for something that is gone. raava has been destroyed. and soon you will be too. they're coming for korra. leave my bolin alone. i am so done with spirits. eska. i love you. mwah. let's face the end of the world together. you're so romantic. with you out of the way, i will be the one true avatar. mommy, it's jinora. she's beautiful. what. let me see. be careful, sweetie. no. raava. go in peace. harmonic convergence is nearly over. we must return to the spirit world so we can fuse once again. i'll see you soon, dad. grangran, i missed you. what about korra and the others. don't worry. they're all right. korra saved the world. her avatar spirit has returned. it's over. mwah. i don't even know what to say. you were amazing. and the way you turned all gigantic like that, wow. i just wish varrick had been here to film it. it would have been the greatest mover ever. after the nuktuk chronicles, of course. i'm sorry about your father, but he was already fused with vaatu. i couldn't save him. it seems cousin korra is under the impression we are saddened by our father's demise. but i will not miss him at all. in the end, he became a deplorable man. agreed. but how will we explain this to mother. so i was thinking, i'm not really a fan of the longdistance relationship thing. so how about you move to republic city with me. i do not think that will be possible. okay, desna can come too. i will not be joining you, bolin. desna and i must return home. but you said eternal darkness was upon us. i became caught up in the moment. yeah. i guess i did too. but you will always hold a special place in the organ that pumps my blood. i will remember you fondly, my turtleduck. bumju, you're okay. i missed you, little buddy. now that you're bonded with raava once again, are you also reconnected to your past lives. no. i think that link is gone forever. i see. why don't you close the portals and we'll go home. maybe i shouldn't. what do you mean. what if unalaq was right when he said the avatar shouldn't be a bridge between the two worlds. what if avatar wan made a mistake when he closed the portals. what if humans and spirits weren't meant to live apart. well, what do you think i should do. i think you should trust your instincts. there is nothing else i can teach you. you are the avatar. whatever your decision, i support you. hey, can we talk. of course. there's something i've been wanting to tell you about that fight we had. i know i said it wasn't that bad, but that's not exactly true. i, um i broke up with you. i remember. but i thought you said you lost part of your memory. i did, but being inside the tree of time brought it back. i'm sorry for blowing up at you. that's okay. i think we both said some things that we regret. why didn't you just tell me the truth in the first place. i know i should have, but i didn't wanna hurt you all over again. i guess part of me wanted to forget about the breakup too. i think we both know that this us doesn't work. you're right. it's over. for real this time. i'll always love you, korra. and i'll always love you. you want a hug. hmmm. the war of the water tribes is over. unalaq has been defeated and the northern fleet is returning home. the water tribes will always be allies, but the southern tribe is now independent. and the southern council of elders has appointed my father, tonraq, to be your new chief. i've realized that even though we should learn from those who came before us, we must also forge our own path. so that is why i've decided to keep the portals open. humans can now physically enter the spirit world and spirits will be free to roam our world. i will no longer be the bridge. humans and spirits must learn to live together. my mission will always be to use raava's light spirit to guide the world toward peace and balance. harmonic convergence has caused a shift in the planet's energy. i can feel it. things will never be the same again. we are entering a new age. )