earth, fire, air, water only the avatar can master all four elements and bring balance to the world. six months ago, avatar korra defeated amon and the equalists. since then, the council was disbanded and the united republic elected its first president. tenzin's brother, commander bumi, retired and moved to air temple island. and korra and her boyfriend, mako, have been the talk of the town. peace has come to republic city, but unbeknownst to the avatar, danger now threatens the southern water tribe. this your first watch. well then, you'd better keep your eyes peeled, laddie. you never know what creatures lurk in the murky depths. uh, sir. what. man overboard. man overboard. it's probending night in republic city, and have we got a doozy for you. fan favorites, the fire ferrets, are about to take on hot newcomers, the rhinolions. now we all know that our last match was garbage. terrible. even pabu could have done a better job. but that's in the past, because when you back a fire ferret in the corner, well, mister, he comes out fighting. so let's get out there and bend like there's no tomorrow. are you with me. ooh, the fire ferrets go down in the water and right into the record books for the fastest knockout in probending history. where's mako when i need him. looks like you had some car trouble. good thing the police are here. i think these planes are finally ready to ship. i hate to mention the elephantrhino in the room, but since your father was thrown in prison, no company will work with us. we're nearly bankrupt. don't worry. i'm going to the south pole to meet with someone who can help us put future industries back on top. wah. the avatar is the winner. no fair. you can't go into the avatar state to win. you did what. the avatar state is not to be used as a booster rocket. you are toying with a dangerous power that you obviously do not appreciate. it's the "avatar state," and i'm the avatar. who appreciates it more than me. clearly, you need more training to grasp the depths of your spiritual connections, not to mention that you're still a long way from mastering airbending. i have mastered airbending. punch, punch, punch. see. mastered. looks pretty good to me. is it too late for you to unretire from the united forces. the paperwork's gone through, little brother. from now on, it's 24/7 bumi time. you've mastered korrastyle airbending. now you need to master real airbending. hopefully, our visit to all of the air temples will give you the inspiration you need to delve more deeply into your studies. can we see where grandpa aang was born. how many lemurs can i have. i want to get tattoos, but instead of arrows, i want lightning bolts. you can't get lightning bolts. that doesn't make any sense. you don't make any sense. fight, fight, fight. no one's fighting. we're going to have a wonderful time. now that the president is in office and i'm not needed on the council, i can finally relax with my family and give korra the attention she needs. great. more attention. relax. i'd pay money to see that. maybe i'll tag along just to see "vacation tenzin. " you're not invited. before we go on your dad's study trip, we're going to have some real fun in my hometown at the glacier spirits festival. they've got rides, games, and all kinds of fried food on sticks. yay. yep, there's vacation tenzin. and you can't stop me from going to the festival. mom already invited me. so i walk up and say, "looks like you had some car trouble. good thing the police are here. " did you write that beforehand. yeah, i had a few others. let's see, uh "looks like you guys should put more 'try' in triad," huh. or, "when you get to jail, tell 'em mako sent ya. " ooh, i like that one. okay, i'll use that next time. beifong says if i keep it up, i could make detective soon. oh, that sounds so fun. all i do is train all day. it's like tenzin's totally forgotten how i beat amon. tenzin's just trying to help you become the best avatar you can be. of course you'd take his side. i'm not taking his side. i'm just i'm gonna take a walk. why is it so much easier to bust triads than it is to get through one conversation with my girlfriend. grangran. oh, you've all gotten so big. we missed you, aunt kya. oh, i missed you too. your father doesn't bring you to visit nearly enough. he's probably scared i'll beat him up like when we were kids. i'm not scared of you anymore. you remember mako. sir. i hope you're not getting my daughter into any more trouble up in the city. uh, no. i, uh no. knock it off, dad. wow, look at all these people that came out to greet us. uh, no. they came to greet them. the great chief of the northern water tribe comes to grace us with his presence. hooray. just relax, tonraq. he'll be gone soon enough. whoa, who are the lovely ladies. that's eska and desna, the chief's children. desna is a guy. oh, no, sure. i knew that. and which one is desna. good to see you again, avatar korra. good to see you too. tonraq. brother. it's a shame the southerners have abandoned all connections to the spirits, even during the most hallowed times. i've always loved the glacier spirits festival. it's fun. this festival used to be a solemn time of fasting and meditation. now it's just a chance to watch some rube try to stick an entire arctic hen in his mouth. wha what. it's so good. traditions change. it's not the end of the world. tell that to the sailors who are being attacked by angry spirits in southern waters. some traditions have purpose. wait, spirits are attacking ships. i'm surprised the avatar doesn't know about that. apparently you haven't been given all the information you need. it would be my honor to instruct you in the spiritual ways of the water tribe. i wouldn't mind learning about fighting spirits. airbending is getting pretty boring. tenzin is korra's instructor. he can give her all the training she needs. so you've said. i'm glad you came with me to this meeting. varrick is one of the richest men in the world, and he controls the entire global shipping business. so you're my assistant. just stand there and don't say anything. no problem. pabu and i are natural assistants. man, this is nice. i gotta get into this whole "business" thing. did you see that. levitation. i was a foot off the ground. is that incredible or what. how does he do that. that's unbelievable. that's amazing. what. it looked like you were just sitting on a pillow. are you saying i wasn't levitating. uh, no. well, why didn't anyone tell me. now i look like an idiot. swami, you're fired. i like you, kid. you're a real straight shooter, just like me. ms. sato. he's with you. brought your tigershark with you to do business, huh. now that's moxie. get over here and pop a squat. zhu li, get some tea for my guests. thank you for meeting with me. as you know, future industries is looking for a partner to handle our shipping sure. but first, you gotta check out moving pictures. zhu li, do the thing. you're gonna love this. mindblowing, right. yeah. now, forget that. that's the past. shut it off, zhu li. imagine watching this. ginger, come over here and do your poses. spectacular. and we tell a story. there's romance, action, some funny animal stuff for the kids. you know, whatever. thanks, ginger. go rest your gams. how about that, tigershark. we're gonna do big business with these "movers," as i call 'em. okay. but i'm just concentrating on getting future industries back on track. if we could hammer out a deal stop. look me in the eye. we got a deal. we'll hammer out the details at the royal feast tonight. now who wants a rocketboat ride. is that how business usually goes. you are a natural assistant. this is a wonderful feast in your honor, uncle. this is nothing. when this festival was founded, the tribal elders would commune with the spirits. people would watch the brilliant displays of light as spirits danced in the sky. wow. i've never seen that. and that is a shame, since the avatar is the bridge between the material world and the spirits. that is why i want so badly to teach you, to help you fulfill your destiny. i thought i had made it clear that tenzin is teaching her. every avatar before you traveled the world to learn. it was tenzin and your father who kept you secluded at the south pole. i thought aang ordered the white lotus to keep me down here. we all did what we thought was best for you. who i train with should be my decision, dad, not yours or tenzin's. looks like someone's trying to take your place as the avatar's stickinthemud mentor. bumi, don't pick on tenzin. you know he's always been sensitive. i'm not sensitive. as your chief, it is my honor to speak at this festival, which was founded to bring our tribes together and restore the ancient balance between our world and that of the spirits. but i am saddened to see what it has become a cheap carnival that celebrates greedy and trivial humans. i fear the time is fast approaching when the north can no longer stand idly by while our southern brothers slip into total spiritual decay. angry spirits are already attacking ships in your waters. i only hope we are not too late to change course. chief unalaq, everybody. always great to have him in town. now let's have some fun with wacky wushu's dancin' otterpenguins. wish me luck. i'm making my move. good luck. those two have always creeped me out. they smell like a grandma's attic. hey, i'm bolin. i'm a friend of korra's. you're eska, right. wow, i'm just i'm loving these robes. so you are from the north, right. cool. that's like you know, that's, like, my favorite direction. i think he is trying to establish some kind of bond with you based on your geographic point of origin. perhaps it would be interesting to spend time with a person whose ways are so rough and uncultured. you amuse me. i will make you mine. you mean like a boyfriend or or like a slave. yes. win me prizes. unalaq offered to train me. he says he can teach me about the spirits and my connection to them. sounds good. what does tenzin think. tenzin thinks i'm his prisoner or one of his kids. i'll never finish training with him in charge. we have a winner. i mean, you heard what unalaq said. the south is spiritually unbalanced, and it's the avatar's job to fix it. but my dad won't even let me think about unalaq teaching me. well. well, what. what do you think i should do. i guess you should do what you think is right. i support whatever decision you make. oh, thanks. that's a big help. i thought you wanted me to be supportive. now you want me to tell you what i think. make up your mind. just forget it. naga, what are you doing. naga, hush. quiet, naga. you'll wake everyone up. what's going on. what is that. got it. don't got it. korra. spirit, why are you angry with us. what have we done to offend you. go in peace. korra, are you all right. how were you able to control that spirit when no one else could. as your father could tell you, i have spent my life studying the spirits and learning their ways. all of this knowledge is lost in the south, but i could teach you everything i know. chief unalaq, clearly, you are very knowledgeable, but korra still has much to learn about airbending, and i hope that going to the air temples will help her connect with the past avatars. the air temples will teach her nothing. only i can give her the training she needs to be a complete avatar. i've told you that will not happen. hey, i'm right here. anyone want to ask me what i think. korra, please, listen. i'm tired of listening to you both of you. you keep me locked up, telling me you know what's best, but both of you were powerless against the spirit attack. i think it's time i had a new teacher. now, korra unalaq has proven he's the only one who knows what i need to learn. i have to go with him. please, i know you're angry, but we've come so far together. i'm sorry, tenzin. this is as far as we go. it has been a pleasure serving you, avatar korra. i think you forgot a couple of things. mother, i think i need some time alone with my family right now. this is your family, tenzin. when you get to be my age, you'll be thankful for the time you had with your siblings. besides, i think it's important that you all visit your father's home together. come on, it'll be fun. i'm dying to see that laidback "vacation tenzin" i've heard so much about. all right. hop on. i love you, mom. we'll see you soon. do you think i did the right thing. i don't know. i'm sorry, but i'm not very good at this avatar counseling thing. but i know your heart is in the right place. you'll just have to trust it. i know this was a hard decision, korra. but it was the right one. now it is time to put it behind you and begin your new training. i have great plans for you. you're early. what can i say. i'm pumped up to learn that unalaq spirit fighting. i'm not here to teach you to fight spirits. i'm here to help you begin your spiritual training. we're going to one of the most remote places in the world the longneglected spiritual center of your tribe: the south pole. you're gonna train me at the south pole. we will do more than just train. by neglecting the spirits, the people of the south have brought darkness upon themselves, and now it threatens to destroy our tribe. we must set things right. the southern water tribe depends on you. a dangerous trip to the south pole. count me in. there it is, the southern air temple. isn't it magnificent. master tenzin, welcome. good to see you again, abbot shung. is there anything you need. water. dandelion greens. ah, perhaps you'd like to recenter yourself by meditating in the gardens. no, thank you. i'm fine. and you must be the honorable pema. please, accept these gifts. this is an ancient airbender head shaver we've refurbished just for you. oh okay. and, pema, these flowers once filled the mountainside. now they can brighten up your room. that's sweet. you didn't have to. nonsense. whatever you need is yours. anything for the mother of the next generation of airbenders. no. that gift is mine. you don't even like to read. yep, those are the world's next generation of airbenders. mommy, daddy, look. i finally got a lemur. i'm gonna name him poki. poki, come back. excuse me, a little help here. sorry, i thought you were the servants. we're tenzin's brother and sister. avatar aang had other children. the world is filled with more airbenders. we're not airbenders. oh. i'm so sorry. i thought you said bolin was coming. he said he'd be here, but i can't worry about it. i have to make sure you have everything you need for a safe trip. thanks, captain expedition, but i'll be fine. tonraq, what do you want. i heard you're taking korra to the south pole. i'm coming. absolutely not. you're a distraction to korra and a hindrance to what needs to be done. my daughter is not going without me. she needs someone to watch after her. dad, why do you always think you know what's best for me. because he's misguided. the sad truth is it's men like your father who have put the spirit world out of balance. he's ignored my warnings in the past and hasn't learned since. what happened in the past. it doesn't matter. what matters is the everstorm. the everstorm. it's a massive blizzard that's battered the south pole for decades. i'm coming, unless you think you can stop me. guys. hey, wait for me. check it out. i'm traveling in style. okay, i'm sorry. still getting used to that throttle. uh, where'd you get the ride. varrick. he's awesome. he also gave me this fancy snowsuit. it's inflatable with an internal heater, emergency beacon, and food ration pouch. i mean, if i get lost, i can survive in this thing for, like, like, a month. who wants some freezedried cucumberquats. nobody. did i interrupt a conversation. no, the conversation is over. dad, come if you want. just don't interfere with my training. does this sidecar have the capacity for two passengers. sure does. but, uh, who's gonna drive. well, what do you know. looks like go away, mako. so once we get to the south pole, then what happens. you will open an ancient spirit portal. i'm sorry. what now. at the south pole, there is a portal that connects our world to the spirit world. but it has long been closed. and that's why the evil spirits are attacking. there are no evil spirits. there is light and dark in them all. but when they're unbalanced, the darkness takes over. if you can open the portal in time, balance will be restored. what do you mean "in time". there's a reason the glacier spirits festival ends on the winter solstice. that's when the spirit world and the physical world are close together. only then can the avatar open the portal. the winter solstice is tomorrow. exactly. and we can't afford to wait another year. easy, naga. what are those. dark spirits. let's keep moving. we have to find a safe place to set up camp. uncle, why do you think the dark spirits are following us. can we not talk about dark spirits, please. my brother doesn't like ghost stories. don't worry. i will protect you, my feeble turtleduck. thank you. sadly, this isn't a ghost story. this is real. the spirits are angry because he's here. haven't you ever wondered how your father ended up in the south pole. why he's never taken you to visit his homeland in the north. unalaq, this is not the time. you're right. you should have told her a long time ago. told me what. i left the north pole because i was banished. you were banished from the north. why. because i almost destroyed the entire tribe. in the northern water tribe, sworn to protect my people. brother, we're being attacked. i drove them out of the city and deep into the frozen tundra. we tracked them deep into an ancient forest. many believed this forest was the home to spirits, and the barbarians retreated there because they thought wouldn't attack on such hallowed grounds. they thought wrong. we captured the barbarians, but in the process, we destroyed the forest. i didn't realize the consequences of what i had done. by destroying the forest, i unknowingly let loose angry spirits. they threatened to destroy everything. the entire city. unalaq was able to guide the spirits back to the forest, but by then, the damage had been done. for being the cause of so much devastation, my father banished me from the northern water tribe in shame. that's when i came to the south and started a new life. so you were supposed to be chief. then he became chief. no wonder you guys don't like each other. what. isn't that what happened. i can't believe you kept this from me. i was protecting you from the shame i brought on the family. why do you keep hiding things from me and then telling me it's for my own protection. i'm tired of you protecting me. korra. the statue room. that's right, jinora. the most sacred place in the entire southern air temple. here you will find statues of every avatar who ever lived. where are your brother and sister. you can't catch me. i'm the greatest airscooterer of all time. meelo. korra, you have every right to be mad at me, but i don't want you to make the same mistake i made. i should have never gone into that forest, and we shouldn't be going to the south pole now. spirits and the physical world should remain separate. dad, it's my job to be the bridge between the spirits and the physical world, and i finally have a chance to live up to my potential. you don't even know if what unalaq says is true. you want proof. look to the sky. where i'm from, the spirits are at peace, and they light up the dark. the northern lights. yes. there used to be lights in the south as well. but during the hundred year war, the south was thrown out of balance, and the lights disappeared. when the war ended, the north helped to rebuild you physically as a nation. but we have not rebuilt you spiritually. now the spirits no longer dance in your skies. instead, they rampage in the everstorm. i think we're here. is that what i think it is. we must keep moving. oh, man. i really don't like this. bolin, just stay calm. there's no reason to panic. korra, look out. oh, it's in the engine. is everyone okay. i can't stop it. i'll save you. i'm a raft. uh, can someone please deflate me. thank you. oh, great. there goes our equipment. now what are we supposed to do. there's only one thing to do. we have to turn back. no. the solstice is tonight. we're so close. this mission is too dangerous. we're leaving. no, dad. you're leaving. don't worry, sir. i'll keep an eye on korra for you. thank you, mako. let's open this portal and lead your father and the entire southern water tribe in the right direction. we don't have much time. then what are we waiting for. so what exactly were you and my dad talking about. nothing. he was just worried about you, that's all. you know, sometimes i wonder whose side you're on. there aren't any sides. we all just want to help however we can. you have to trust that we're here for you. we've arrived. trees frozen in ice. it's just like the sacred fforest tonraq destroyed in the north. so what do i do. you must find your way to the heart of the forest where the dormant spirit portal lies. from here, you're on your own. wait a second. there's no way she's going alone. yeah, if she goes, we go too. the avatar must go alone. but i don't have any connection with the spirits. in fact, it seems like they hate me. you have to believe in yourself like i believe in you. what is it. i guess i'm just so used to people telling me how to do things that i forgot what it was like to have someone trust in me. korra, all the past avatars live on inside of you. let them guide you. let them help you find the light in the dark. wait here. i'll be okay. good luck. the spirit portal. amazing. what avatar is this. the light in the dark. why isn't it opening. come on, portal. open. the spirits dancing in the sky. i can't believe it. it's beautiful. she did it. hey, korra, you're back. hey, korra's back. wha why are you initiating physical contact with another woman. everything you said was true. avatar korra, you have taken the first step in bringing balance back to the south, and soon, the whole world. you never cease to amaze me. thanks. by the way, i'm really sorry for being a total pain. things were really stressful and confusing. it's hard being the avatar. it's harder being the avatar's boyfriend. what are all your northern troops doing here. opening the spirit portal was only the first step in getting the southern water tribe back on its righteous path. there's more difficult work to be done before our two tribes are truly united. )