earth. fire. air. water. only the avatar can master all four elements and bring balance to the world. the world has entered a new age. harmonic convergence created an energy shift the likes of which has never been felt before. and after two weeks, republic city continues to recover from korra's epic battle with unavaatu. vines have sprouted up all over, creating pockets of wilds the spirits have come to call home. what other changes are in store for our city. come back, bumju. if you don't wanna wear the sweater i made you, that's fine. i'm sorry i got mad. bumju, i'm running out of tree. can we go down now. bumju, a little help. ah. ahh. look. i'm airbending. ah. wow, that still hurt a lot. how are we ever gonna clear away all these vines. i don't get it. i can vanquish vaatu, but not a bunch of stupid vines. i'm sure you'll find a way. why do you wanna get rid of them. you changed the world. we're connected with the spirits again. the wilds are their home. i don't think the people who used to live here are as excited about it as you are. i gotta go face the press and tell them i still don't have a way to get rid of the vines. this should be fun. mr. president, are you concerned that your approval ratings are now nearly as low as the avatar's. have you seen today's headline. it says, "raikohno. polls pan prez plans." i'm not concerned with snappy putdowns in the press. i'm facing this calamity just like every other citizen. there's a tree growing right through my office. you think i'm not doing everything i can to get rid of it. a few questions, please. avatar korra. do you regret the way you handled the unalaq crisis. why are you forcing the integration of spirits in republic city. listen, i've been trying everything i can think of to get rid of these vines, but why can't you fix this. are the vines here to stay. is this part of your new world order. look. harmonic convergence was just a couple weeks ago. i just need a little more time to get everything back to normal. the avatar has put us all in a very difficult position, but my administration oh. i'm sorry. did i put you in a difficult position by fighting the giant force of pure evil that was going to destroy the whole world. maybe your administration could've handled that. that's all. no more questions. this is a disaster. don't worry. we'll figure something out. easy for you to say. you don't have my poll numbers. who were they asking. you can't take that to heart. people are just frustrated. i don't blame them. i should be able to fix this. i'm the avatar. you are not gonna believe what just happened. where's your father. dad. what is it. what's wrong. the most amazing, wondrous, fantastical thing just occurred. okay, bumju and i had a little fight. i made him this sweater, and he didn't seem to like it. and i'll admit it might need work, but it was my first attempt at knitting. so i was a little hurt. hilarious. time for dinner, everyone. no. check this out. i can airbend. yeah, wait. seriously. i was doing it. oh, hold on. i just maybe if i no. i swear i'm not making it up. stop waving your arms around at the table. it's not funny anymore. it's not a joke. what's up with him. bumi says he airbended earlier, but he can't now. oh, and i guess he's not very good at knitting either. i gotta say, i love being a part of this family. you got the grumpy dad, the wacky uncle. the putupon mom, crazy kids. this is great. where's mako. oh, you mean the brooding teenager. he's staying at the police station. still. i told him tenzin invited us to stay here since our apartment is a vine habitat now, but he said he had to focus on work. oh. did you see that. i think the napkin moved. you blew on it. wait. maybe i can only do it when my life is in danger. bolin, bend a giant boulder at me. yeah, i don't think that's a good idea. if you're gonna be bending giant boulders, you can do it outside. no one is bending giant boulders. look alive, uncle bumi. ah. i told you. unbelievable. you're actually an airbender. wait until i tell mom. she's gonna love this. ow. police. he what. slow down. okay, i'm on my way. what the heck did all this. it was my brother. he's out of control. okay, just tell me what happened. we were arguing about the books, and daw was yelling at me, and all of a sudden things started flying around. he was creating this storm like like what. well, like he was airbending. sir that's impossible. there are only five airbenders in the entire world, and your brother is not one of them. i know what i saw. he was freaking out, yelling, "what happening to me." then, he ran into the back room and locked himself in. police. open up. go away. get out here, sir, or i'm knocking this door down. one two ah. i'm so sorry. i told you. airbending. ugh. i can't figure this thing out. do you think being in the spirit world during harmonic convergence could've given him bending. i suppose it's possible. maybe uncle bumi is just a late bloomer. i have been noticing a change in your aura lately. and you didn't tell me. invisible spirit monster attack. lin. you won't believe this. bumi just started airbending. i'm afraid he's not the only one. what. i got a call last night about a guy who just started airbending out of nowhere. you mean there's another one. where is he now. he blew a door down on me and got away. we've got an allpoints bulletin out on him right now. wait, we'll help you look for him. where should we start. oh, well, you know, you should you should leave it to the police. it's police business, you know. it's, um official. okay. how are you doing. you know you're welcome to stay here instead of sleeping at the police station. no, i'm fine. i should just get going. so. as you were ladies. this is so exciting. new airbenders in the city. i bet we can find that guy before mako does. you know i'm not very good at this. you're the avatar, master of all the elements. you should know how to drive. besides, it's relaxing. clutch. clutch. ugh. ah. ugh. that's the brake. let's try again. you ready. how long do you think talking to mako is going to be like pulling teeth. well, mako has never been the most "in touch with his feelings" guy. but it'll get better eventually. so when i was gone, did he tell you that we broke up. yeah. we all knew. sorry. that's pretty embarrassing. actually, i need to tell you something about that, and i should've told you this sooner, but while you were gone, ikind of kissed him. i'm sorry. no wonder he's so nervous around us. you're not mad. no. i mean, i kissed mako when he was going out with you, so. you what. i'm so sorry. i thought you knew. i'm just kidding. i knew a long time ago. well, whatever happened with mako i'm glad it hasn't come between us. i've never had a girlfriend to hang out with and talk to before, except for naga. this is nice. vine. vine. hey. watch where you're going. what are you doing living in the middle of the road in the first place. don't ask me, avatar. you made the world this way. we're just living in it. look, i don't have anything against spirits, but these vines are causing major problems all over the city. spirits. vines. we're all the same. seems like the avatar would know that. korra, you okay. i think that spirit just gave me an idea how to get rid of these vines. but i'm gonna need a lot of water. it's like a dream, dad. after 170 years, new airbenders. dad. when a new guy gets airbending, does that make him our brother. well, in a way, all airbenders are our family. does that mean i have to share my room. because i like my personal space. of course not. but we might have to get used to not being the only airbenders around any more. i hope we have enough for an army. i wanna be a commander like uncle bumi. air nomads don't have armies, meelo. but maybe there will be enough to fill the temples again. what's wrong, daddy. i just wish your grandfather were here to see this. will you be airbender president. no. but i think the new airbenders will need lots of help and guidance to understand what it means to be a part of our nation. that's a big responsibility. don't worry, dad. we'll help you. i know you will. i hope this works. what are you guys doing here. i was alerted that you had a new plan to wipe out these noxious weeds, so i thought you'd want everyone to be here to watch. avatar korra. do you really think no questions. just stand there. silently. go in peace. how did you know what to do. will you send the spirits away now. how soon can we expect public water service to resume. look out. let's go, people. hurry. hang on. i think that could've gone better. can't talk. meditating. you must be at the end of your rope. you hate meditating. i thought that if i really tried, i might be able to contact my past avatars. someone who knows something to help me. but i can't. they're gone and i'm all alone. did i ruin everything by leaving the spirit portals open. you didn't ruin anything. you did what you thought was best for the world. and now things have changed. change can be good or bad, depending on your point of view. i know the people's point of view. it's bad. you're not the president, korra. your job isn't to fix the daily problems of every person in republic city. your responsibility is to bring balance to the entire world. and that means no matter what you do, some people are not going to be happy about it. great. on the other hand, some people will be very happy, like me. what you did during harmonic convergence, may have brought back the air nation. and that can only be good for restoring balance. that is the act of a great avatar. it's scary. i have all this power and all these people depending on me, but i don't know what i'm supposed to be doing half the time. it seems like i should be wiser. true wisdom begins when we accept things as they are. you started a new age korra, there's no going back to the past. mako called, the cops found the new airbender guy. but when they try to bring him in, he ran away and climbed to the top of kyoshi bridge and he won't come down. uh sorry, did i interrupt an avatar wisdom session. avatar wisdom is a thing of the past, bolin. come on. oh. okay. is that a good thing. depends who you ask. come down immediately or we will be forced to take action. stay back. i'm dangerous. sorry. don't panic. i'm just here to talk. please, i don't know what i'm doing and i don't wanna hurt anyone. tell me about it. rough day, huh. i'm having kind of a rough day myself. you mind if i sit down here. no. i know you're scared. you've gone through a big change and it's kind of my fault. but you're not alone. there are other airbenders and they want to help you. actually, they're really excited to meet you. i don't want to be an airbender. please, you're the avatar, make it stop. i'm sorry, i can't. but i promise you, things will get better if you just give it a chance. let me take you over to air temple island and we can talk this through, okay. daw, this is tenzin. he's going to help you. it is absolutely my pleasure to meet you, daw. i've never met a new airbender before. well, at least not one whose diaper i didn't have to change. actually i just fell off a bridge so i could use a fresh diaper right about now. so is this the deal, we have a crisis every other day now thanks to you. listen, i know you're having a tough time getting used to these changes and i'm sorry for that. but you and everyone else are gonna have to learn to live with it. the vines and the spirits are here to stay. well, you know who's not here to stay. you. i order you to leave this city. you've caused nothing but trouble since you arrived. don't worry, i was already leaving. i can see my path now. there are new airbenders out there and i'm gonna find them and rebuild the air nation. don't think i'm not going with you. it's so exciting. who knows who's out there right now, discovering the gift of airbending for the first time. you know the drill, zahir. of course. i hope you still like rice. have you ever read the poetry of the great airbending guru, lahima. what. guru lahima lived 4000 years ago in the northern air temple. it is said that he unlocked the secret of weightlessness and became untethered from the earth, living his final 40 years without ever touching the ground. is that how you plan to escape, with something you picked up from an old airbender children's story. like all great children's tales, it contains truth within the myth. lahima once wrote, instinct is a lie, told by a fearful body hoping to be wrong. what's that supposed to mean. it means that when you base your expectations only on what you see, you blind yourself to the possibilities of a new reality. unh unh unh, you wouldn't want to singe your friend, would you. how. you're not a bender. nature is constantly changing, like the wind. now you might wanna ration that bowl of rice. you've got 3 weeks until the next shift change. it's the dawning of a new age. the end of the white lotus and soon, the end of the avatar. __ did someone order a fullyequipped future industries airship. it's perfect. thanks, asami. i figured if we're going to ba sing se to search for airbenders, we should do it in style. yay, airship. i want to see. come on, moki. while you guys are gone, pema and i will hold down the fort. who's excited to spend some time with your auntie kya. ew. aww. he likes you. mako, i'm so glad you're here. of course korra avatar. avatar korra. once i received your message, i proceeded to contact various locations within the earth kingdom as ordered by you, the avatar. right. the avatar thanks you for your loyal service. did you find any more leads. there are reports of airbenders popping up all over the earth kingdom. i marked the villages on this map. you guys can take it with you. actually, i was kind of hoping you could come too. really. um it's probably better if i sit this one out. i know things have been weird between us since we broke up, but you're a part of team avatar and we can't do this without you. i'm sorry. i can't. i'll miss you, sweetie. i'll miss you too. once we find the airbenders, i'll send word. you can join us at the northern air temple then. hey, how come jinora gets to go with you, but we don't. that's so not fair. yeah, what this girl said, not fair. because if airbenders show up here, they're gonna need some guidance from you two. it's a very important job. really. me, a teacher. yay. those maggots will bow to me. go easy on them, son. mako, wait a sec. korra already asked, bro. i can't just leave republic city. i have a life here and a job. a life. you sleep under your desk. and what's a more important job than helping the avatar rebuild an entire civilization. it's not just that. i feel like i've been drifting apart from everyone. well drift back. we need you. come on, mako. we're going to ba sing se, where dad grew up. what if i meet our grandma for the very first time. and she asks me, "where is your sweet brother," and i have to say "i'm sorry, grandma, he had some really important police paperwork to file" and she starts to cry those grandma tears and is like, "mako, oh why, mako, i can't go on, i can't" and then she dies. okay, alright. i'll come with you. i guess i got to call bei fong. she's not going to be happy. bye. we'll miss you. as of now, these are the towns where we've gotten reports about airbenders. it looks like we can hit up most of them before we get to ba sing se. we're going to bring the air nation back from the brink of extinction after nearly 200 years. and it's all because of you, korra. finally, our shift change is here. hey. where are the other guards. zaheer. it's nice to see again, gazan. thanks for busting me out. where'd you pick up the new skills. i have harmonic convergence to thank for that. i was given a gift. i believe it's a sign that our path is a righteous one. avatar korra. oh, it is such an honor to have you come to our humble village. thanks. i hate to get down to business, but, is the airbender here now. kuon and his family will be joining us shortly for a special dinner. please, right this way. kuon has been the talk of the town ever since he got airbending. he's like a local celebrity. i just want to say that it's an honor to meet a fellow airbender. oh, i still just think of myself as a simple farmer who can airbend. oh, i'm so sorry. i still don't have any control. no worries. i love pie. and so does pabu. well, you're so much more than just a farmer now. harmonic convergence changed everything. you represent the future of a culture that is being reborn. you're going to help us rebuild the air nation. i'm going to do what now. the only thing i'm planning to rebuild is my barn. but you must come with us to the northern air temple. well, i can't do that. i have a family and a farm. of course you can come. this is of the utmost importance. your wife will understand. wait, what. no. i do not understand. daddy, where are you going. why does the bald man want to take you away. no one's going to take daddy away, sweetheart. actually, this bald man does want to take him, but it's for an important cause. your dad is an airbender and he should learn about his culture. i think there's been some sort of misunderstanding. i'm not going with you. i might be able to airbend, but i'm no airnomad. i'm no monk. okay, maybe we should just have some dessert, huh. who's up for dessert. sir, you must understand. you're an airbender now, and there are thousands of years of culture you must learn about. skills you must master. you expect me to abandon my entire life. my family. no. no, sir. i'm not going anywhere with you and i think it's best that you leave. in my head i saw that playing out very differently. maybe we should have stayed and tried harder to convince him to join us. or we could've thrown him into a potato sack and forced him into the ship. that's how they got me to join the united forces. no, we can't coerce people or throw them in potato sacks. they must come freely. but not to worry, there are plenty of other airbenders out there who will be happy to come with us once they find out what the air nation's all about. when your son becomes a master, he'll get tattoos all over his body, just like me. there's nothing more nutritious than our vegetarian diet. i can tell that you're going to love wearing our ancient airbender robes. they're very breathable. you'll never have to worry about your worldly possessions again because you won't have any. you'll get to shave your head. your best friend will be a giant bison. i really thought i had that last guy. who doesn't want a bison as their best friend. it's okay, tenzin. i still want to be an airbender. okay, we've tried it your way, and people just don't seem to be responding. it's time for a little tough love. oh, are you the avatar. when my son got airbending, my husband and i were so happy. we thought this could open a lot of doors for him. and maybe he could finally move out of the basement. how old is he. he's 22, and, you know, still just figuring his life out. well, i have a great opportunity for him. we're looking for airbenders to join us at the northern air temple. that sounds wonderful. i'll get him. ryu, get up here. hi, i'm korra. so, you're like the avatar or something. big deal. ah, i just wanted to talk to you about an opportunity yeah, i heard you talking to my mom, and i'm not interested. well, you're gonna be interested. you're an airbender now, and you have a responsibility as a citizen of the world. whatever. i didn't ask to become an airbender, you know. well, i didn't ask to be the avatar, but i am, and i'm fulfilling my duties. so. you don't have to. yes, i do have to. no, you don't. yes, i do. no, you don't. well, if i didn't embrace my role, then our entire world could be thrown into chaos. think about that. is that what you want. maybe. no, it's not. so what. who cares. everyone cares. i don't care. yes, you do. no, i don't. well, you're about to care, you little slacker, because you're coming with me. stop pulling on my collar, you're stretching it out. mom, are you just gonna just let her take me. i think it's a great opportunity. just try it for a week and see how it goes. no. let me go. aah. that's it. korra, enough. let's get out of here. so nice to meet you. good luck with your son. we're under attack. look out. aah. aah. oh. whoa. i never thought i'd be so happy to see your ugly mugs again. great to see you too, minghua. i'm flattered, you busted me out before that girlfriend of yours. we're getting her next. well, i guess we should just go to ba sing se and try our luck there. i don't know what to do. i just thought more people would be excited about coming with us. well, maybe you gotta do more to get them excited. you need to add a little razzle dazzle. yeah, razzle dazzle. we could put on some sort of airbending street performance. i was going to say we could cover tenzin's robe in sequins, but that's even better. it sounds ridiculous, but it might work. i'm willing to try anything at this point. yes. that is the kind of enthusiasm i like to hear. come one, come all and witness the amazing airbenders. an airbending show that will leave you breathless with wind. first up, the tattooed master himself. you know him as the son of avatar aang. he shaves every hair on his head, every single day. it's the one, the only guy with an arrow pointing to his nose tenzin. now, now, ladies and gentlemen, ladies and gentlemen, please be quiet. i have some serious news. we've heard that an escaped firebending convict has been spotted near here. now, i don't want to panic anyone, but if you see a firebender with a red scarf i see him. he's right there. i am the escaped convict, and you will all reap my fire. oh, no, who will help us. i will. with my airbending skills. whoa. aah. oh. aah. aah. hey. let me go. this is not what we rehearsed. korra. with the power of airbending, even this beast can float like a feather. look what can be done in only a few short weeks of practice. no, no, don't worry, folks, she might be young, but she is in full control. ladies and gentlemen, if you or anyone you know is an airbender, please send them our way. master tenzin and avatar korra would love to teach them all they know. hey. hello. if you're looking for airbenders, you just found one. i want to join you guys. get outta town. we got our first recruit. just to be totally clear, we're going to be heading to ba sing se, then the northern air temple to live as nomads and rebuild the air nation. all that sound good to you. yeah, ba sing se, rebuild the temple, air nomad what do you do i'm in. let's go right now. this is going to be so great. you are gonna love it uh, ah real quick, what's your name. kai. so when do we hit the road. hang on a second, kai. where are your parents. we can't have you come with us without their permission. my parents are gone. you're an orphan. it happened about a year ago. my hometown was raided by outlaws, but my parents fought back against them. i was so scared, but they told me not to worry. they would protect me. and they did. my parents saved me and the entire village. but they died in the fight. mom and pop meant everything to me. they were my whole life. ever since then, i've been on my own and on the run. those same outlaws are still after me. well, you don't have to be on the run anymore. right, guys. tell him. i'm so sorry ry about your parents. i know we could never replace them, but we're here for you. we'll keep you safe. come on. when you board this airship, you're gonna leave your old life behind and start a new path. that's some big brother advice. just think of me as your big brother. guys, i think we got trouble. release the boy or we'll take him by force. the outlaws they're after me. let's get out of here. we're not running from anyone. if you want kai, you'll have to go through me. your days of harassing an innocent boy are over. you outlaws are going to prison. outlaws. innocent boy. i'm a sheriff and these are my deputies. and this kid is a thief. whatever he told you is a lie. we've been chasing him for months. where's kai. right here. i found him slipping away. i was going to the bathroom. with your sack of gold. i told you, i found that on the road. enough with the lies, kid. i want the truth. the truth is, he's the outlaw. he spent his entire life as an orphan until he got adopted by a real nice family about six months ago. and how did he repay them. by taking their entire life savings. we've been after him ever since. is that true. the person who stole that stuff was the old me. once i got airbending, i changed. i don't know how to explain it, but i feel like airbending chose me for a reason. like i'm a new person. i'm sorry. please. you have to listen to me. are you taking him back to the orphanage. no. he's headed to jail. wait. you guys got the family's life savings back. now let us take kai. do you really want our first new member of the air nation to be a liar and a thief. he just needs some guidance, tenzin. and who better to give it to him than us. do you want this kid or not. yes. you can release the boy into our custody. thank you. don't make me regret it. welcome to the family, little bro. i just want you to know, i'm going to be watching you, kid. i know exactly what you're all about because i've been there before. you don't have me fooled. whoa, hey, lighten up. i'm turning over a new leaf. making a change. don't you worry about me. hi, i'm jinora. if you need any help with airbending i could show you what i know. thanks. that's real nice of you. jinora. we're leaving now. they came out of nowhere. i'm so sorry, lord zuko. how could you let this happen. they caught us by surprise. and zaheer is an airbender now. no. this can't be. do you have any idea the power these criminals possess. individually, they can take down any bender. put them all together, they could take down the entire world. and now you're telling me their leader is an airbender. we can track them we don't need to track them. i know exactly where they're going. notify the new chiefs of the northern watertribe that an attack on their prison is imminent. and send word to lin beifong in republic city. the avatar must be protected. where are you going. to stop them. )