earth. fire. air. water. only the avatar can master all four elements and bring balance to the world. the air nation is reborn. thanks to the energy shift during harmonic convergence, certain people have acquired airbending abilities, including bumi, kai, and opal. but although the new recruits show a lot of promise, they still have a lot to learn. so while korra remains safe in zaofu, tenzin has brought the airbenders to the northern air temple to begin their training. __ his pupils once again pleaded with their master to eat something, but he refused, just like he had each day the entire summer. instead, he simply meditated, getting his nourishment from the universe. so monk tang xu completed the 97th day of his historic fast on which island. ooh. ooh, ooh. anyone besides otaku, who already studied this in his acolyte training ooh, ooh, ooh. and is answering every question. ooh. ooh. ooh. whaletail island. that is correct. again. now, on day 98 greetings, air people. i come seeking boring stories to take back to the spirit world. that was incredible. when do we get to fly around on our own bison like that. only after many years of practice and intense training. besides, we don't have enough bison here for all of you. what about those. it's a whole herd of bisons. actually, the plural of "bison" is "bison. " whoa. cool. wow, look at that. can we ride those. no, that's a wild herd. it would take many years to tame them. now let's get back to our lessons. dad. we brought you more airbenders. okay, everyone is dismissed. we'll just pick this up tomorrow. how was everything in the city. well, we had a little scare, but everything is okay. zaheer infiltrated the air temple. what. is everyone all right. everyone's fine. i fought with him, but he got away. and he stole some old necklace that had something to do with guru lak schmeer. guru laghima. right. you know, i can never keep all those gurus straight. there were, like, a million of them. remember that long, boring story about the guy who never ate. yes, i remember. avatar korra is calling on the temple radio. are you all right. where are you. with beifong's sister in zaofu. we're totally safe, unless we get caught in another fight between su and lin. lin willingly took you to her sister. not exactly. we got a call about a new airbender, and it turned out to be su's daughter, opal. she'll be headed your way soon. really. that's wonderful. she is wonderful and pretty and so smart. and she smells like flowers. sorry. bolin out. how's the training going. not so well, i'm afraid. no one seems to be interested in the hard work required to become a part of the air nation. you need to give yourself a break. let jinora and the kids help you out. and what about bumi. he was a naval commander. maybe he has some ideas about how to get people motivated. bumi. he's my worst student. yeah, but he loves to organize people. if you ask him for help, you can trick him into taking more responsibility by making him think the whole thing was his idea. hmm. that actually sounds like a good plan. you're turning into a pretty wise avatar after all. conflict resolution. it's what i do. we should go down there. i want to fly one of those bisons. i don't know. we might get in trouble. come on, let's have some fun. we'll be back before anyone realizes we're gone. i guess it will be all right. look, baby bisons. how come they're all on the ground. air bison calves can't fly for a week or two after they're born, so the entire herd will stay near the ground in the valley. let's go see the babies. be careful. the mothers are very protective. aw, look how cute. kai, get out of there. whoa. wow, you really saved me down there. oh. you know, you're an incredible airbender. well, i've been training for a long time. then why don't you have tattoos like an airbending master. my dad says i'm not a master yet. you can do everything your dad can, plus you have all those spirity powers. if anyone's a master, you are. so we bring the net down on the head pirate, and he looks around real sad and says, "i knew i should have followed my dreams" and become a dentist. " how come you grew up to be so cool, while tenzin became such a stick in the mud. well, i guess "cool" is just something you're born with. bumi, can i talk to you. let me guess you want to criticize me for something. actually, i need your help. oh, yeah. with what. i don't think i'm doing very well with the new airbenders, and everyone knows you're a natural leader. true, i did win the admiral tung natural leadership award twice. what would you do if you were in charge. help me be more like you. i'd love to. you've gotta use military discipline to whip these troops into shape. the only way to deal with new recruits is to break them down, so you can build them back up. rule with an iron fist. show them who the master is. thanks for the insight. my pleasure. dawn patrol. everyone up. ugh. what are you doing. it's barely light out. i'm taking your advice. i'm going to break you down and build you back up. now get moving, recruit. nothing like a 10mile hike first thing in the morning. don't these robes come in a warm, bison fur version. no, of course not. oh. if it weren't so cold, i'd go right back to sleep. then this is the perfect time to learn meditation and proper breathing technique. airbenders are able to warm themselves with only their breathing. everyone get into the lotus position. ah, this is so much more refreshing than sleeping. you know, when i said that thing about an iron fist hush. meditation time. focus. can we go back to bed now. now that we're refreshed and loose from our hike and meditation, it's time for a balancing exercise. the key is to maintain your heaven and earth connection. now you try. back on the posts. it's not hard if you concentrate. whoa. ugh. whoa. get back up. what's the matter. you can't handle it, soldier. don't you think you're being a little hard on them. don't worry. they can take it. you'll see. ignore the lemurs digging in your ears. concentrate on your breathing, and you won't even know they're there. whoa, uh, ugh, oh. when the head is shaved, an airbender is able to feel the wind around him. it is both humbling and freeing. hey, you wanna sneak away and go check on the baby bisons. shh. you should be paying attention. all right, who's next. i'm not sure i want to shave my head. that's fine. shaving your head is a personal choice. wait, what. anyone else. fine, then we can get right to our next training exercise obstacle course. you're pushing too hard. maybe we should give them a break. jinora, i have this under control. concentrate. remember, airbenders move like the wind. agh. ugh. stay light on your feet, and you'll never feel the stinging rashcactus. ow. everyone is waiting for you, bumi. if you don't make it over in the next 30 seconds, they'll all have to run through the course again. you can do it, bumi. come on. agh. get back on that wall, recruit. you're letting your fellow airbenders down. i'm finished. i never wanted to be an airbender, and i'm too old to be back in boot camp. count me out. fine, quit. we don't need your attitude in the new air nation. master tenzin. when do we get to go home and visit our families. go home. you just got here. when's dinner. i'm starving. can i change out of my robe now. it's itchy. this is just as bad as the earth queen's prison. i'm tired of all this complaining. jinora, take over. does this mean i'm the master now. yes. just lead them through some basic exercises. well, since i'm a master, when do you think i can get my tattoos. what brought this on. i was just talking to kai, and he was asking me, so kai. what does he know about when you should get tattoos. the answer is no. you're just a little girl. i'm not a little girl anymore. i can airbend just as well as you. i know everything about our culture and history, and i have a stronger connection with the spirits than you ever will. lead your own class. ikki, meelo, you're up. just lead them through the bagua circle. look to your left. look to your right. one of those people will not make it out of here alive. sorry if what i said got you in trouble with your dad. it's not your fault. he just can't believe that i'm grown up now and i don't need him telling me what to do like one of his recruits. i know something that'll cheer you up. where did all the spirits go. where are the babies. aah. what are these kids doing in my camp. we caught them sneaking around. we thought they might tell someone we're here. they're those new airbenders. must be living up at the temple. hurry up and gather the rest of the gang, and let's get out of here before someone comes looking for these kids. we'll take them to ba sing se with the rest of the fresh meat. tattoos. how can she think focus. breathe. bumi ruins everything. inhale. focus. taking a little break from teaching. i failed. bumi quit, and the rest of the airbenders want to go home. can't they see that i'm trying to rebuild an entire culture. you know, just because these people can airbend, it doesn't automatically make them air nomads. tell me about it. i remember when i moved out of my parents' house to become an air acolyte. that first night, i was so scared and lonely, and the bed was so hard. it's actually better for your back. sorry. the point is, i really wanted to be there, but it still took time for me to adjust and feel like i was a part of it all. these people are probably feeling the same way. you have to be patient. now i know how korra feels when i'm talking to her. thank you, pema. bumi, i want to apologize for losing my patience. i'm not talking to you. hey, get back here. where's jinora. i saw her fly off on her glider with her boyfriend. what. her boyfriend. kai. how can you steal these bison. they're endangered. that's why they're worth so much. the earth queen and her fancy friends pay big money for bison steaks and other weird meat. i even heard she ate her dad's pet bear. you're disgusting. hey, do that spirit beaming thing you did to find me. go to the temple for help. i can't. i'm all cramped in here, and i need quiet and time to focus. but maybe i can send a message. spirits, i need your help. go find bumju. tell him we're in trouble. no, i don't think i should apologize. tenzin just wants to boss everybody around. i'm too old for that. well, let's face it. i'm just not cut out to be an airbender. well, that's your opinion. wait, did jinora send this spirit. is she in trouble. jinora's in trouble. we have to go get her. how do you know. bumju's friend told me. you are able to communicate with the spirits. more or less. i get the gist. let's go. shouldn't master tenzin be dealing with this. i don't want to get into trouble. master tenzin isn't here. it's up to us. ikki and meelo, grab some bison. airbenders, move out. bison rustlers. they've got kai and jinora locked in crates. looks like they're getting ready to leave. we'll have to move fast. i don't know if i'm ready to get in a fight with some bison rustlers. i can tell without the telescope that they're meanlooking. listen, this is what we've been training for. we haven't been training that long. that's not important now. remember how we persevered together on the obstacle course. you actually quit. well, i'm not quitting now. i know we've had a tough time me more than anyone but we're airbenders, and there aren't many of us, so we've got to stick together. they've got two of our own in cages out there, and we're not leaving until we bring them home. leave no airbender behind. in, down, and twist. free the bison first. hey, what are you doing out. oof. ugh. ooh. kai. what's going on down there. kai, help. i'm coming, jinora. what the you got me. i give up. you think you can kidnap jinora and all these baby bisons. kai. that's enough. an airbender never attacks a defenseless opponent. but that was very good technique. maybe you boys haven't heard, but there's some new airbenders around these parts. and you never mess with an airbender's bison. without my shaved head, i never could have dodged that net. i really felt it coming at me. you guys should totally get shaved. i'm proud of you. your connection with the spirits and natural leadership you remind me of dad. i'm sorry i've been causing you so much trouble. i guess i was just scared of not being able to measure up as an airbender. you know, even though i'm aang's son, i never really felt like i was part of the air nation before. you are now. they're so friendly now. the bison are the original airbenders. they recognize their own kind. i'm sorry for running off. we're just lucky no one was hurt. i know. well, i also realize, that i was too harsh with you. does that mean i can get my airbender tattoos. it's hard for me to believe that my little girl has grown up enough to have her tattoos. but i promise i'll think about it. fair enough. yeah. jinora, look. they're flying. i guess everyone is growing up. )