earth. fire. air. water. only the avatar can master all four elements and bring balance to the world. airbenders are mysteriously disappearing in ba sing se, including kai. the earth queen denied any knowledge of the events. but korra refused to give up the search. meanwhile, mako and bolin met their long lost grandmother who told them that dai li agents have been rounding up airbenders for the queen's army. and other prison on the north, tonraq and lord zuko prepare for zaheer's imminent attack. _ _ did you see zaheer. the only thing i saw was a snowstorm heading our way. that's not a snowstorm. that's him. i put you away once, zaheer, and i'm going to do it again. minghua. let's get you out of here. we could have just taken the elevator, showoff. i've waited 13 years to feel this warm. i thought i'd never see you again. i never doubted. really. right now. i got 'em. these passports should get you into the upper ring. awesome. tu, you're the best cousin a guy could have. and my other cousins as well. yeah. yeah, you're all the best. thanks. i know this wasn't easy. it's such a shame you two must leave so soon. i wish we could stay. but if it's true the earth queen is forcing airbenders into her army, we have to do something about it. i love you both. come visit again. we will, grandma. i love you too, grandma. and chow and tu and mengmeng and chow jr. and there he is, big tee and little little tee, and medium yu and and and what was your name again. i know that earth queen is lying to me. i can tell by that stupid little queeny smirk of hers. and i can't believe i helped her. i should have known she was using me. whoa. hey. i think i could use a break. you letting off steam is starting to hurt a lot. sorry. mako. bolin. you're okay. where have you been. we chased kai train slipped away lower ring slept in trash pile met our family grandma, tears mako scarf earth queen lying. mm. can you interpret that. the earth queen's been secretly taking airbenders and forcing them into her army. she was lying. i knew it. i swear, the next time i see her it's the queen. quick, pabu, shirt. i know. sorry. kinda sweaty. good, you're here. gun, tell her the news. we've received word from the yang province. there have been reports of airbenders there. wonderful, isn't it. it's the very thing you've been looking for. thank you. that is just the most wonderful news, ever. yay. so i assume you and your friends here will be leaving immediately. ahhh, ahchoo. ahchoo. ahhhh, ahchoo. is there an animal in my presence. no, your majesty. i would never allow an animal near you. ahchoo. ahh, ahh, ahchoo. if i find one within 50 feet of me, it's your head. anyway, if you need any assistance packing, let gun know. he'll see to it that you are on your way by evening. uh, this evening. i'm not sure about leaving so soon. because our airship is having engine trouble. it'll take me until tomorrow to finish the repairs. ahh, ahh, ahchoo. ahchoo. ahchoo. thanks for buying us some time. i can't believe the earth queen is conscripting airbenders. those people should not be forced to join an army. well, technically, the earth queen has a right to conscript her citizens. what. it's true. guys, what if kai was spotted airbending. he might have been taken too. probably not. he's surprisingly difficult to catch. like a like a little greased hogmonkey. but what if he was. don't worry, jinora. we'll find him. we just need to figure out where to look. i bet they're under lake laogai. what. i've been reading some of jinora's books. the old dai li agents used to have a secret fortress beneath the lake. mako's right. it's the perfect spot to hide airbenders. and i know how to check it out without being caught. i can project my spirit into it. you mean that outofbody thing you did to help giant spiritykorra. you can still do that. it's not as powerful as it was during harmonic convergence, but if i can get close enough, i think i can do it. let's go get kai out. let's get all the airbenders out. you are the property of the earth kingdom. you will become the earth queen's elite fighting force and protect her at all cost. it is your duty to serve the earth queen. aah. go easy on me. i'm not that good. never show mercy. now attack your opponent, and this time, like you mean it. sorry. a soldier never apologizes to his enemy. i'm not a soldier. you will be when i'm through with you. if anything goes wrong, come back immediately. i will. what happened. what did you see. the airbenders aren't there. it's completely deserted. they're not down there. jinora, you've read all about ba sing se. can you think of any other places the airbenders might be. i guess they could be in the catacombs beneath the upper ring or the ancient sewers beneath the lower ring or the maze of tunnels that connects the rings together, or they could be there are just too many places. there has to be another way to locate them. maybe there is. how did you find me during harmonic convergence. i don't know. i just kind of focused on your energy. i think our spiritual connection led me to you. maybe you can find kai the same way. i know you two have a connection. what do you mean a connection. i don't know. let me try. ugh. ugh. thanks. you again. if you have time to help your friend, maybe you're not getting enough rocks for yourself. i guess you're not as good as you thought. throw him in the hole. jinora. it worked. how are you here right now. shh, quiet. it's a highlevel airbender move with a little spiritual stuff thrown in. for a second there, i thought you were a ghost. it's good to see you. we've been looking for you and the other airbenders. we're going to get you all out of here. where are we anyway. underground somewhere. other than that, i don't have a clue. i'll figure it out. don't worry. jinora thanks. the earth queen's temple. i can't believe miss queeny smugface had them right under our noses the whole time. we have to get into that compound tonight and get those airbenders out. all right, we go in under the cover of darkness. two small insertion teams and a third on the outside. then all we'll need is 12 tons of blasting jelly, a mediumsized bulldozer and does anyone have a badgermole that knows morse code. oh, great. not the queen again. everyone act normal. and, bolin i'm on it. what. hey, i'm not sweaty this time. ah. lin. what are you doing here. we need to get korra out of here immediately. her life's in danger. what. what's going on. i just got word from lord zuko and tonraq. why is lord zuko with my dad. zaheer and the others have escaped. how is that possible. because zaheer is an airbender now. no. all right, hold on. will you quit ignoring me and tell me what's going on. who's zaheer. why is my life in danger. shortly after we found out you were the avatar, zaheer and three others attempted to kidnap you. luckily, your father, lord zuko, chief sokka, and i were there to stop them. we apprehended the criminals and locked them away in prisons designed to impair their abilities. so that's why you and my dad sheltered me away. it was for your own safety. why were they trying to kidnap korra. we spent 13 years interrogating them, but they never broke. to this day, no one knows what their motive was. now we need to get you back to republic city, where i can protect you. no, i'm not running. korra, you don't understand. these criminals are like nothing you've ever faced before. look, i'm not a little kid anymore. you don't need to protect me. i came here for one thing to find airbenders and i'm not leaving without them. fine, let's get 'em and get out of here. where are they. in a military compound, and we're busting them out. hi. hey. what are you doing here. aw, it's just that little airbender girl who came with the avatar. you shouldn't be walking around here all alone. i'm not alone. bumi and korra, you two will come with me to find the airbenders. you three find kai. we'll meet on the surface shortly. radio us if anything goes wrong. what's going on. who are you. i'm the avatar, and i'm getting you all out of here. we're leaving. where are we going. everyone, please, you must stay calm and quiet if we want this to work. what to work. we're sneaking out. yes, and we must leave now. we're going to get you away from the earth queen and out of the city. there's an airbender that's not here. his name is kai. we need to get him. we're already taking care of it. topside, this is papa bear. the breezies are in the hold. cue the balloons. what. are you in trouble. no. we got the airbenders, and we're headed out. bring the airships. no one likes code names anymore. copy that. asami and i are on our way. come on, we're getting you out. kai. mwah. whoa. tenzin's not going to be happy about this. then don't tell him. how can i not. this is too juicy. thanks for coming to get me. i'm really sorry about stealing your wallets and running away and getting you stuck on that train. oh, we can't stay mad at you. yes, we can. i had a lot of money in that wallet. guys, come on. deserting her majesty's army is high treason, punishable by death. come on, it's clear. so you've discovered my elite army. i see their loyalty still needs some work. these airbenders shouldn't be used as weapons. they have a right to choose their own paths. these airbenders are earth kingdom citizens, and i am their queen. taking them will constitute an act of war. if you disobey me, i will bear down on you with the entire force of my kingdom. they're leaving with me. no, they're not. come on. i guess i am as good as i thought. everyone's in. let's go. oogi. take down those airships. where are the others. we need help. everybody, hang on. whoa, that was awesome. bring me those airships now. ahh, ahchoo. oh, get it off me. ahchoo. get this fur off ahhhchoo. i know that none of you chose to become airbenders, but now you do have a choice. we can relocate you somewhere safe, or you can come with me to the northern air temple to live in peace and train as air nomads. you are no longer anyone's property. what path you decide is up to you. i want to go with you. me too. count me in. i wanna go too. i'll go too. me too. sounds like fun. i wanna go too. ooh, i wanna go. good luck at the northern air temple. i'll send more airbenders your way when i find them. be careful out there, and stay safe. i'll try. it seems like wherever i go, i make a new enemy. but you made some new friends too. you did well, korra. this is only the beginning. )