fire air water only the avatar can master all four elements and bring balance to the world. the legend of korra love is in the air. since avatar korra has arrived in republic city, she's only had eyes for one fella: mako. the feeling seemed mutual until a fateful accident intervened. now, mako's affections have fallen right into the arms of the beautiful asami. will love prove to be korra's most formidable foe yet. "the spirit of competition" hahahahaha. it's been great having you at so many backtoback practices, korra. feels good to be back, although tarrlok isn't too happy about my leave of absence. hey, you joined the fire ferrets before you joined his taskforce. okay, come on, team huddle time. it's our first match of the tournament tonight, i know the three of us haven't been a team for very long, but even so, the fire ferrets have never been this good. are we ready. we're ready. not quite you'll need these. hey, asami. good morning, sweetie. these new uniforms look great. you look great, champ. well, teammates i'll see you before the match tonight, asami and i have a lunch date. okay, we'll check you guys later, you know, we see you when we see ya. so korra. there they go, here we are, alone in the gym. just you and me two alone people. together alone. uh i gotta head back to the air temple to train with tenzin. see ya. work with me here, pabu. what do you think of korra, in a girlfriend sort of way. she's great. but i think it makes more sense for me to go for asami. i was talking about a girlfriend for me. leave some ladies for the rest of us. i know, that's what i thought you meant. well, i don't know, bo. it doesn't seem like a good idea for you to date korra. you just said she was great, two seconds ago. yeah, korra is a great athlete, and avatar and stuff, but i don't know if she is really "girlfriend material". she's more like a pal. bro, you're nuts. korra and i are perfect for each other. she's strong, i'm strong. she's fun, i'm fun. she's beautiful, i'm gorgeous. okay, i don't care what you think. i'm gonna ask korra out. look, it just isn't smart to date a teammate. especially during the tournament. keep your head out of the clouds and your priorities straight. okay. yeah, yeah, i know, duh. you know what i'm talking about, pabu. talkin' 'bout real love so how's it going with the tall, dreamy firebender boy. you've been spending a lot of time together lately. oooh, yeah, tell us all about the magical romance. what. ha. listen to you two, ii'm not interested in mako, or any romantic stuff. besides, he's all into that pretty, beautiful, elegant, rich girl but let's just pretend for a second i am interested in him what would i do. ooh. i just read a historical saga, where the heroine fell in love with the enemy general's son, who's supposed to marry the princess. you should do what she did. tell me. she rode a dragon into battle and burned down the entire country, then she jumped into a volcano it was so romantic. uh no, no, no. the best way to win a boys heart is to brew a love potion of rainbows and sunsets that makes true lovers sprout wings and fly into a magical castle in the sky, where they get married and eat clouds with spoons, and use stars as ice cubes in their moonlight punch. for ever and ever and ever. the volcano is starting to make more sense to me now.  oh, hey, pema. hm uh, how long were you standing there. hm long enough. but trust me, i know what you're going through. years ago i was in the exact same situation with tenzin. daddy was in love with someone else, before you. that's right. so what did you do. well, for the longest time, i did nothing. i was so shy and scared of rejection but watching my soul mate spend his life with the wrong woman became too painful. so i hung my chin out there and i confessed my love to tenzin. and the rest is history. wooow. folks, after a year of waiting, the probending championship tournament is finally here. tonight is the first set of matches in our single elimination sixteen team bracket. and i gotta tell ya, these are the most tenacious and talented bending trios this arena has ever seen. introducing our first team, the future industries fire ferrets.  and their opponents, the red sands rabbiroos.  what an explosive opening volley. both teams quickly recover and unleash a barrage of bending. i am astonished with the level of improvement displayed here by the fire ferrets. no wonder the avatar has been absent from the papers lately. she's obviously had her nose to the grindstone in the gym. the ferrets advance into rabbiroo territory, and they're holding nothing back. nice prowl there by mako, bolin strikes, uma dodges and all three rabbiroos are down. the fire ferrets easily take round one. round two. the rabbiroos are looking for payback, and they go straight after bolin. korra comes to his defense, and she water whacked uli back into zone two. the ferrets are on fire tonight, and they win round two. round three. with the rabbiroos down two rounds, they'll need a knockout to win, and with the way the fire ferrets are playing, i don't see that happening. these ferrets are working together like a welloiled bending machine. bolin passes ali back into zone two, and the ferrets get the green light to advance.  the rabbiroos are just fighting to stay at their feet at this point. down goes ali, and uma, and uli. all three rounds go to the future industries fire ferrets, to win the opening match of the tournament. uhu. yes. that's what i'm talking about. thank you, thank you very much. wow, we were really connecting, out there, in that ring. yeah. you know, i feel like the two of us have been connecting really well out of the ring, too. uh sure. so, i was thinking we should spend some time together. we've been spending lots of time together. i mean, outside of the team. and not while searching for kidnapped family members or fighting chiblockers. i don't now asami and i look, i really like you, and i think we were meant for each other. korra, i'm really sorry, but i just don't feel the same way about you. forget i've ever said anything. congratulations guys. you were so amazing out there so korra i was thinking you and me, we could get some dinner together sort of a date situation oh that's really sweet, but i don't think so. i don't feel very date worthy. are you kidding me. you're the smartest, funniest, toughest, buffest, talentedest incrediblest girl in the world. hmhmhmhm. ah, you really feel that way about me. i felt that way since the moment i saw you. trust me, i know we're gonna have so much fun together. you know what. i could use some fun. okay, sure. yes. who's the luckiest guy in the world, right here, bolin. so how'd you like it. hmm, it's delicious. and totally authentic. i didn't realize how much i missed water tribe grub. that's great, cause this is my favorite joint. see. you love water tribe food, i love water tribe food, just another reason we are so great together. they are good noodles. hey who's that creepy guy over there who keeps glaring at us. that's tahno, and the wolfbats. reigning champs, three years running. don't make the eye contact. uhoh, here he comes now don't mess with this guy, he's a nasty dude. well, well, well, if it isn't the fire ferrets probending's saddest excuse for a team. tell me, how did a couple of amateurs like you luck your way into the tournament. especially you, avatar. you know, if you'd like to learn how a real pro bends, i could give you some private lessons. you wanna go toetotoe with me, pretty boy. go for it. i'll give you the first shot. korra, don't. he's just trying to bait you. if you hit him, we're out of the tournament. wohoho, i've never seen someone harass tahno like that. you are one of a kind, korra.    haha haha. what kind of game are you playing. uh probending. we've got the quarterfinal match. no, i mean with bolin. you've got him all in a tizzy and i know you're only using him to get back at me. i am not, we're just having fun together. what do you care, anyway. i'm looking out for my little brother. i don't wanna see his heart get broken. wait a second you're not worried about him. you're jealous. you do have feelings for me. what. "jealous". tsch. don't be ridiculous. admit it: you like me. no. i'm with asami. yeah, but when you're with her, you are thinking about me, aren't you get over yourself. i'm just being honest. you're crazy. you're a liar. hey, makooh. eight teams have been eliminated and eight advance into the quarter finals, which get on their way tonight. the rookies are about to take on the former and longest reigning champs, the boarcupines. youth bashes against experience, in a battle for the ages, or rather of the ages. korra dodges and, ooh, slams right into her teammate. down goes mako, and bolin, and korra. round one goes to the boarcupines. you were supposed to defend, while i attacked. i had an opening, so i took it. what is up with you two. alright, whatever, just pull together guys. the ferrets looking to mount some offence here, in round two. bolin lets fly a flurry of attacks he's a one man bending battalion. the ferrets have a tough time finding their rhythm tonight, but thanks to bolin, they narrowly nudge round two. not sure what's eating them, but this is not the same team who took out the rabbiroos. round three is a tie. we go to a tiebreaker, to decide the match. the fire ferrets win the coin toss. which element do you choose. i got this. i know you usually handle this, but frankly, your head's not in the game. i'm gonna take this one. we choose earth. looks like the earthbenders will collide, in the tiebreaker faceoff. bolin goes in for the grapple chang reversed it. bolin strikes from midair, knocking chang to the edge of the circle. another strike from bolin, and chang is in the drain. the future industries fire ferrets win their quarter final match. that was a close one, folks. youth trumps experience tonight. we need to talk. look, sometimes you can be so infuriating. isave your breath. you've already made it clear how you feel about me. no i haven't. what i'm trying to say is as much as you drive me crazy i also think you're pretty amazing. so you do like me. yes. but i like asami, too. i don't know, things are complicated. but feeling really confused anbolin, this isn't what you think. great. look at what you did. you're blaming me. you're the one who kissed me. you kissed me back. "wellplayed", korra 'morning, narook. my brother here. thanks. come on wake up. takin' you home, bro. don't call me that you're not my brother. you're a brotherbetrayer. the only one i can trust anymore is pabu pabu loves me you're a mess, and we've got the biggest match of our lives tonight. let's go. no. i'm not going anywhere with you. you, traitor. guess i'll have to do this the hard way. oooh, why. i told you dating a teammate was a bad idea. you're a bad idea. put me down. put me down you can't find two teams more evenly matched in age, size and strength than the fire ferrets and the buzzard wasps. believe me, i've looked. this should be a pulsepounding semifinal, folks. the buzzard wasps open with a flawlessly executed combo. all three ferrets take an early visit to zone two. and mako's knocked all the way back to the zone three. the fire ferrets have been struggling to stay alive since the opening bell. all three players are totally out of sync tonight. uh. that has got to sting. and bolin loses his noodles. literally. which reminds me. this match is brought to you by our sponsor: "flameo instant noodles". noodliest noodles in the united republic. the buzzard wasps fly deeper into ferret territory. and mako plunges into the pool. can the fire ferrets hold on. the wasps have the ferrets backed up to the edge now, and the ferrets are bailed out by the bell. they had better pull themselves together, folks, for round two, otherwise they can kiss the finals goodbye. hey. watch it. the wasps take advantage of mako's unforced error and bolin's in the pool. ooh, and a blatant hold by the avatar. unnecessary roughness. move back one zone. i'll "unnecessarily" rough you up. and the avatar is slapped with the yellow fan. the ferrets are their own worst enemy right now. it's just sad to watch. with the buzzard wasps leading two rounds to zilch, the ferrets' only hope of winning is with a knockout. well, i guess there's always "next year". come on, we still have a chance. even if it is a slim one. the way we're playing, we don't even deserve to be in the finals. look, if we don't pull together and work as a team, we'll never forgive ourselves. let's just get this over with. the sooner, the better. bolin's knocked into zone two, followed quickly by his brother. and bolin takes a zinger, to the shoulder. looks like it's a clean hit. owww. bolin. mako's in the drinker and out of the match. and bolin keeps playing with one good arm. i gotta hand it to him, this kid's got grit. but how long can he keep it up. apparently, not very long. the ferret's dream of making it to the finals now rests in the avatar's hands. but with three on one, i don't like her odds. are you ok. how's your shoulder. aah it's messed up pretty bad. but i think i'll be all right. are we gonna be all right. of course we are. we're brothers. we'll get through this mess. i'm sorry me too. girls seriously. what an unbelievable effort here, by korra. she's dodging every element the wasps throw at her. the avatar finally gains some grounds, but with only ten seconds remaining, it's likely too little, too late. it's the big kabosh. what a knockout. yes. we did it. yeees. it didn't seem possible, folks, but the fire ferrets are headed to the finals. hahaaa. shoulder, shoulder. sorry. that was pretty much the coolest thing i've ever seen. thanks for not giving up on us. we never would have made it this far without you. i owe you. big time. you're welcome. so i know things are confusing right now but i hope we can still be friends. definitely. ooh you boys smell something in here. wait, i know what that is yeah, that's the scent of losers. i hope we see you in the finals. then we'll see who the losers really are. yeah i'm peeing in my pants over here. and now, the defending champs, the white falls wolfbats. great job. what a comeback, korra. i've never seen a hat trick like that. oh, thanks. but, if it hadn't been for you and your father, we wouldn't have had the chance to play. so, thank you. uh, if everyone's done with the little "thank you" party i need some medical attention over here. oh, let me help. ow. haven't you hurt me enough, woman. relax, i'm a healer. i learned from katara, the best there is. no, no, no, no ohoo that's the stuff bolin i'm sorry i hurt your feelings. i didn't mean to let things get so out of hand. ah i'll be alright. but we had fun together, didn't we. i had a great time, honestly. you are one of a kind, bolin. please, go on i enjoy praise. your winners. the wolfbats. what. how is it over already. with a brutal round one knockout, the defending champs secure their spot in the finals. i hope the ferrets know a good doctor, because they're gonna need one. )