 believe it or not, yes.  hmm .  palmer, please.  kindly report tothe battle area asap.  the battle challengeis starting.  now how could i have forgotten .  i blew it this time .  here, a little gift for you.  uh, thanks.  best octillery snacks ever.  keep up the good work .   ayeaye, sir.   let's book .  pika . piplup .  a top tycoon coup.  woohoo .  we'll make sacks of them snacks.  snack specialists.  which will fill their tummies and our wallets.  mime, mime, mime, mime.  wobbu, wobbu.   and now, what you've all been waiting for.  because it really is time for you to join me in welcoming a real sinnoh battle frontier brain.  the battle tower battle tycoon.  you know him, you love him, palmer .  ha .  we're so honored that you agreed to join us in today's exciting twinleaf festival event, thanks.  the twinleaf festival is a great tradition, and so the honor is mine.  for today, the great twinleaf town is home to the battle tower .   whoa, look at him work the crowd.  if you ask me, i'd guess it's all part of being a frontier brain.  and now let's go over the simple battle challenge rules.  the competition is open to all who consider themselves trainers.  our event will be conducted in tournament format, and whoever emerges victorious will have the honor of facing off against palmer.   oh, man, i'm gettin' psyched.  that battle against palmer is as good as mine.  yeah, dream on, ash.  when it comes to winning, it's barry all the way.  all right, you two.  u may be rivals, but don't you count us out.  piplup, piplup.  us either. happiny .  and in addition to the privilege of battling palmer, the winner of this challenge will be presented with this, the beautiful gold trophy, crafted right here in twinleaf town.  all right, then.  we'll soon know whom this trophy will belong to, and may the very best challenger win .  now, please allow me to introduce our judge.  helping with the festival from the start, say hello to mr. sayer.  sayer, who knew .  then he doesn't just judge us.  guess if you got it, spread it around.  wobbuffet.  all right, let's get the fun times started.  prepare for the twinleaf town edition of the battle tower .  mmm, i lost.  somebody's really gonna get fined.  piplup, piplup.  oh, funny.  look, i was supposed to be challenging my dad.  ash, it's fine time.  and the winner of today's challenge is ash ketchum.  so let's give a big round of applause to ash, here all the way from pallet town in kanto .  sinnoh league challenger, ash.  thank you .  thanks a lot, everybody .  i'll be.  the twerp got lucky again.  not luck, he slayed them.  wobbuffet.  knock off the commentary and start snack hawking.  okay, as you all know, this is only the beginning for ash, as he prepares for a new challenge.  so now let's hear a word from his next opponent, tower tycoon palmer.  this battle marks the twinleaf festival's end .  soon, ash, you'll show me just what you're made of.  you bet.  so don't go easy on me, palmer.  don't worry.  now, rhyperior, go .  rhyperior .  that pokmon's huge . pika .  the charms, they're swirled.   did you see that.  over there.  what's happening.  whoa.   whoa.  with these new swirled charms, i can teleport.  new swirled lucky charms, part of a complete breakfast.  discover the magic...  of teleporting.  ] speed.  that's what the new superfast pullback racers are all about.  one in specially marked boxes,four in all.  ha ha. wheeee.  hey, ronald. come on, let's go play.  oh, i wish i could, but i have to go to work.  bye. bye, ronald.  .    okay, here i am at work.  now we can play. woohoo. yay.  . ba da ba ba ba .  whoa. wahahaha.  whoa, there it is .  rhyperior.   rhyperior.  the drill pokmon and the evolved form of rhydon.  rhyperior can concentrate strength in its body and expand, causing the stone in its hand to launch.  never have i met a match for my rhyperior, as battle tower challengers fall in defeat.  now you shall experience its strength.  okay, rhyperior's a groundtype and a rocktype, and both types weigh a lot.  that's gotta mean speed wouldbe important to beat it, but so far all the othergym leaders i've challenged have been ready to take onchallengers that know about their weak points.  palmer's gotta have a strategyto handle quick opponents.  so i'm gonna mix things up like this.  grotle, i choose you .  grotle, grotle.  grotle, you can do this.  there's no way that rhyperior's gonna be as strong as you are.  piplup, pip.  well, i sure didn't see brawn against brawn in the cards.  man, what's ash doing .  the last thing he should do is underestimate dad's rhyperior.  the ononone battle between palmer and ash from pallet town will now begin.  neither side will be allowed to exchange pokmon.  first move goes to the challenger.  all right then, battle begin .  now, grotle, energy ball, let's go .  grotle .  and it's a direct hit by grotle.  tle.  yes .  rhy...  it did nothing,rhyperior looks fine.  gro...  what therhyperior's a groundand rocktype pokmon, so grotle's attacks should work really well.  i don't understand it.  then listen up.  rhyperior's solid rock ability.  it limits the damage caused by any attacks it's weak against.  ich shows me that you've clearly raised your pokmon well.  that said, to rhyperior, it was little more than a cool breeze.  all right, let's really get things moving with rock polish .  rhy .  grotle, razor leaf.  grotle .  rhyperior.  pika .  how'd rhyperior move so fast .  since rock polish increases a pokmon's speed, things aren't really looking all that good for grotle right now.  told ya .  don't underestimate dad's rhyperior, okay .  sandstorm, go .  rhy, rhyperior .  hang on .  pika .  and rhyperior's sandstorm keepson keeps on keeping on, as grotle'ssurrounded by it.  rock wrecker, now .  rhy .  rhyperior.  the twerp's getting tousled.  yeah, rhyperior's hammering hard.  if you two punks don't put a cork in that worthless chitchat and start selling snacks, i'll hammer your tousles.  wobbuffet .  and rhyperior follows up on rockwrecker with another sandstorm.  things do notlook good for grotle.  quick, synthesis .  well, well, i see ash is switching over to recovery mode.  smart move.  of course, after firing rock wrecker, rhyperior needs time before it can launch any more attacks.  which is time ash can use to try and pull grotle together.  great .  except i think ash is forgetting about sandstorm.  and rhyperior's sandstormwon't stop.  grotle.  you did it .  now use razor leaf, let's go .  grotle .  wow, grotle stopped the sandstorm.  yeah, grotle, awesome move.  what's up with that . is that even possible .  rhy...  megahorn .  whoa, it's moving fast.  that's 'cause rock polish hasn't worn off.  let's see ash get out of this.  guess we'll have to get in their face.  okay, grotle, use energy ball .  gro...  keep bringing rhyperior close.  rhy...  rhy .  gro...  rhyperior.  uhoh, our timing got totally off.  hey, folks, what's happening out there .  and what's with that light .  piplup.  this can't be.  pika.  what's going on .  amazing.  it looks like grotle hasabsorbed the power of the energy ballafter it exploded in its mouth.  whoa, hey, wait.  i didn't know grotle could do that.  okay, so what i'm seeing is grotle actually ate the energy ball .  it may have been bad timing, but it sure led to some good results.  awesome.  and interesting, too.  did you say "interesting" .  could be useful in future contests, right .  you bet .  so pay attention, piplup.  piplup.  i've been a frontier brain a while.  i know guts and you've got 'em, ash.  rock wrecker .  rhy .  okay, grotle, now use rock climb, let's go .  gro .  grotle .  rhy .  gro, gro, gro...  rhyperior.  gro .  rhy .  grotle.  rhyperior.  tle.  let's finish this .  grotle .  rhy .  way to go.  yes, the power of rock climb combined with energy ball is definitely a force to be reckoned with.  excellent .  wow, i can't believe it.  ash and grotle are really something else.  i'll fine them both.  grotle's power ismindboggling indeed, as rhyperior loses groundby the second.  rhyperior .  hang in, grotle .  you can do it .  yeah, stay with it .   grotle, grotle, grotle...  okay, grotle, you got this.  rhyperior's solid rock's no match for you now.  take it down .  no one's ever battled rhyperior this hard.   good thing i remembered to show up.  rhyperior, use rock wrecker .  rhyperior .   pika.  rhy, rhy, rhy...  gro...  grotle is unable to battle, which means rhyperior gets the win.  victory goes to palmer .  aww, guess that's it.  i'm not sure how i feel about this.  they battled hard, i'm okay.  i knew dad would win.  i mean, come on.  as if ash ever stood a chance in the first place.  and to think ash was so close.  piplup.  although ash seems to be handling it well.   huh .  grotle, you were just awesome out there.  our battle was really a lot of fun.  that energy ball caught me off guard.  well, to be totally honest, we're more surprised than you.  grotle.  at any rate, congratulations on winning the battle challenge.  i'm happy to present you with this.  whoa, palmer, thank you so much.  yes .  whoa, i just won the gold trophy .  pi, pikachu . grotle .  palmer and ash, thank you for an exciting battle.  all right, then.  it's time for a celebration.  i wanna see some dancing and singing.  so, ash, what do you think about my dad .  isn't he the coolest guy .  sure is.  he raises his pokmon with respect, which is why they're so strong and why he never loses or will lose a battle or a challenge ever.  my mom's just the same.  i thought about that when i saw her and glameow together.  i knew i wanted to be a coordinator just like my mom had been.  boy, do i relate.  when your parents are strong, it makes you wanna be stronger.  works every time.  talking about raising pokmon with respect sure takes me back.  and i just keep wondering what makes paul and his pokmon as powerful as they are.  hey, what's up .  it's an annual tradition that i'm supposed to sing the last song with all of them, too.  hold on, hold on .  there's never a dull moment with him.  huh .  ash, that reminds me of something i thought of while i was watching you and grotle battle, and it's a whole new way of showing off your pokmon as well.  new way of showing off .  my style's always changing, never boring.  get ready for my next contest.   hey, kids.  hi.  barry, he can be a handful.  hey, palmer.   ash, have you decided which gym you're going for next .   nope, not yet.  you know, if i were you, i would head over to the sunyshore city gym.  sunyshore city gym .  that's the easternmost city in the sinnoh region.  why sunyshore city .  because with your battling skills, i'm pretty sure you'll be able to give quite a shock to sunyshore's gym leader.  sure, but what do you mean shock .  you'll see when you get there.    everybody's havin' fun   yeah .   thank you for your support.  okay, it looks like the festival's just about over.   sayer .  thanks for the memories.  no prob.  you three were real pros at the art of selling.  and here's a little something extra that would be enough to buy a rocket if you wanted to.  you, sir, are a man among men.  our fortune is eclipsed only by your big heart.  rocking our world with a fresh start .  mime, mime, mime, mime.  wobbuffet .  and hopefully we'll meet again soon.  you three have a real knack for the selling scene.   keen .    have a good time    come on    it'll make you feel fine   sure. pika.  she's in good hands.  and, piplup, i'm counting on you, too.  piplup, piplup.  no need to worry, although i think you could have eny bit more confidence in me, you know.  we'll all be fine.  just remember, we're all in this together.  thanks, ash, that's good to know.  it was so good to be able to see you again, dear.  and also, good luck in the lilypad contest.  you just make sure you tune in.  plup.  after dawn's heartwarming stay at home, our heroes saygoodbye to twinleaf town while looking forward to themany exciting challenges that lie ahead.  what .  what do you think you're doing .   hey .   barry.  my dad just informed me that you guys are heading to the sunyshore city gym, but i'm gonna beat you.  we could go together.   and so i'm hitting the roadfor awesome adventures, and you guysshould come, too.  later .  captioned bysoundwriters et up to speed with "yugioh. 5d's." goodwin, you forced me into this tournament.  you threatened me, and you locked up my friends.  i'm not dueling jack until you tell me why you've done all this.  it's 'cause of this.  he wants the crimson dragon's power, so he's been trying to gather everyone with its mark.  oh, come on, you're making me sound so devious.  he doesn't need to be coerced.  i want this duel to be legit.  if that is what my champion wants, then so be it.  announcer: this is the moment.  will jack atlas continue to reign as the king of turbo duels.  or will he be dethroned by satellite's shooting star.  it's time to find out.  rom my hand, i summon junk synchron in order to synchro summon junk warrior.  now take out that marauder.  now you're dueling, yusei.  but you won't be for long.  i synchro summon red dragon archfiend.   back in the satellite, y everything.  but now here you come, and you're trying to take me down.  you're not a real duelist.  you always put dueling second.  well, i'm finally going to put you in your place.  captioning made possible by4 kids productions  going fast makes me feel alive    my heart beats in hyper drive    do you think you can win only if i lose.     just let destiny choose    i can hear you breathing    i can see you coming    i can feel the wind, it's blowing me around    take a shot at me runnin' side by side    it's a blur as i go by    i can hear you breathing    i can see you coming    i can feel the wind, it's blowing me around    see the sun arisin'    fire in the sky    greatness thrusts itself into our lives   announcer: welcome back to the fortune cup finale, where the master of faster, jack atlas, already has a commanding lead.  can the satellite's shooting star, yusei fudo, catch up, or will this be his final lap.  let's watch and see.  .   leo: i don't think the forecast called for scary purple clouds.  it's a sign. the crimson dragon is coming.  and if he's coming, then we should all get going.  take it easy, gramps.  i mean, it's probably just some acid rain drifting in from the satellite.  it's the sign we've been waiting for.  soon, the crimson dragon will awake from its long slumberum, just one question about all that.  i thought we needed 5 signers, no.  and at this point, we just have the 4: the little girl, akiza, yusei, and jack.  besides, are we even sure that we can control the dragon's power once it's been summoned.  perhaps trudge had a point.  there's something i gotta say.  it's my official position that you need to stop this tournament.  i thought your official position was mall security.  very funny.  but i feel this tournament is cursed or something.  you witnessed the damage of the last duel.  i'm concerned things're gonna get worse.  lazar, don't you trust me.  you see, i know the fifth signer.  if you know, then i'll just watch this match and rela.  . areare they here.  how exciting.  then that means we can unlock all of its power.  that's right, lazar.  but first, we must see if we can harness the immense power the crimson dragon's summoning will create.   it's my turn, jack.   and its time i even up the playing field.  first, i'll activate my trap: descending lost star.  computer: descending lost star lets you bring a synchro monster back from your graveyard, but its level is reduced by one, and its defense points become zero.  so now, by powering down my junk warrior, i can then bring it back out to my field.  then i summon: hyper synchron.   and now i tune junk warrior with my hyper synchron ..  stardust dragon.   oh, my. this is amazing.  yusei.  let's rev it up.  welcome to the party, stardust. )