 no wayi do .  tell me i'm crazy, but somehow roark seems different from last time.  you're soft .  so soft that going up against you is gonna be a piece of cake .  up with the lights .  feast your eyes on my collection .  wow, check 'em all out .  he sure has a lot of stones.  pip, piplup.  uh, actually, those are all fossils .  those are fossils .   wow, could it be .  what a colossal anorith .  hey, he's impressed.  of courselook .  if i restored this fossil completely, it would be three times bigger than a normal anorith, so give up .  i'll say this.  i don't think i've ever seen an anorith fossil as big as this one .  but when it comes to pokmon restored from fossils, there's nothing that tops my rampardos, for sure .  sorry to have to correct you, but when it comes to pokmon restored from fossils, my bastiodon tops everything .  come on .  there's no pokmon stronger than my rampardos .  you're wrong again .  nothing can beat my bastiodon .  except rampardos . bastiodon's best .  rampardos is the best .  uhoh, here we go again .  rampardos is the best . bastiodon .  rampardos . bastiodon .  excuse me, but i think you're both going around in circles.  i have an idea .  why don't you pit your pokmon against each other in battle .  good idea .  then once you've figured out which pokmon's best, byron can battle with me .  you up for it, son .  you bet, thought you'd never ask .  all right, the battle will begin in ten minutes .  be there . right.  wow, roark, i had no idea that byron was your dad .  he sure is.  obviously, we get a bit carried away with fossils and the like.  the real reason i came all the way here was to ask him to make it back home to oreburgh city for his and my mom's anniversary .  so your father's from oreburgh city, then .  that's great .  he is .  originally, my dad worked at the oreburgh gym, as the leader there.   that was right around the time i was assigned to lead the ancient pokmon excavation operations at the oreburgh mine...   hey, dad, where are you going .  oh, the pokmon league asked me to head up the gym in canalave city, and of course, i said yes .  you see, there are loads of fossils just waiting to be discovered there .  you can'twhat about the oreburgh gym .  i'm leaving this gym up to you .  see you around . dad, wait .  he didn't even consider what my mom and i would think about him leaving.  the only person he ever consulted when he was making important decisions was himself .  he always took the two us for granted.  i hear you.  he sounds like another dad, namely mine .  he would say his whole reason in coming here to canalave city was to find lots of fossils.  there are a lot of fossils on iron island nearby.  is that what that "special training" on iron island was all aboutdigging up fossils .  uh... pika .  i'm so sorry for having to make you wait like this, ash, really .  i just don't want my dad outfossiling me .  don't worry about it, it's fine .  good luck in the battle .  i appreciate it.   ladies and gentlemen, the gym leader special exhibition battle will now get underway .  both gym leaders will be using one pokmon each, and the battle will be over when the pokmon on either side is unable to battle .  hey, dad, keep in mind that it's already been over ten years since i dug up my first fossil .  oh, so it's been that long, has it .  and also keep in mind that since then, i've devoted all of my energy to studying fossils of every kind .  just 'cause you're my dad doesn't mean i'll go easy .  just because you're my son doesn't mean i won't whoop ya .  rampardos, let's go .  rampar .  piplup .   rampardos.  the headbutt pokmon and the evolved form of cranidos.  like a spear, its headbutt can pierce even the strongest of defenses.  i love bastiodon .  bas, bas .  so that's a bastiodon .  bastiodon.  the shield pokmon and the evolved form of shieldon.  its massively powerful shieldlike face can deflect even the strongest of attacks.  i wonder which one's stronger .   amazing, this'll be like a showdown between a spear that can pierce anything and a shield that can't be pierced .  let the battle begin .  i'll startall right, rampardos .  use zen headbutt, let's go .  bastiodon, iron defense .  bastiodon .  wow, rampardos is lookin' as fast as ever .  but bastiodon's no slouch, either.  ha . zen headbutt again .  use iron defense, iron defense, iron defense .  bastiodon .  whoa, look at that power .  that roark sure knows how to keep on keepin' on .  maybe, but look a little closer, and you'll see byron and bastiodon are more than holding their own . huh .  bastiodon's using iron defense to stop every attack cold .  i think it's safe to say that byron's got the upper hand.  there's no defense like a good offense .  rampardos, zen headbutt again .  now, iron defense .  the shield beat the spear .  it transformed defense into an attack .  rampardos .  bastiodon, use flamethrower .  rampardos, out of the way .  dad's somethingnicely done .  roark, my boy, i want you to give me everything you've got so i can prove i can take whatever you dish out and then some .  hmm...  hey, sorry about your floor .  there's no one here, jokester.  what kind of investment return will a room full of rocks give us .  fossils .  the leader of this gym is worldrenowned as a collector of these bad boys.  fascinatingwhich one to appropriate .  huh .  wow, an anorith of old .  get outta town .  an anorith .  honestly, is that rock really rare .  indeed, the rarest .  and its giant size only adds to its voluminous value .  i got just the thing .  we get our paws on one of them restoration machines we used in oreburgh city, then zap anorith and zip it to the boss .  his gratitude would then trickle down to us .    we sing now cash is king now    we three kings are rich   yeah .  big buckos, here we come .  i wonder what's wrong with rampardos.  after all that attacking, maybe it's tired.  you should be ashamed .  you think you're going to take us down with those embarrassing excuses for attacks .  you're a pitiful excuse for a gym leader .  rampardos, jump first, then use head smash, go .  bastiodon, iron head .  those moves are their strongest .  there's no telling which one's stronger .  but when rampardos uses head smash, it causes sizable damage to itself as well .  snap out of it, rampardos, and use flamethrower .  all right, bastiodon, use flash cannon .   what's going on . pip .  dad, what's that .  that's the exhibition room alarm .  this battle is now over .  bastiodon, return .  but, dad...  quick, rampardos, return .  this doesn't look good. pika.   yeah    oh, yeah   it's new marshmallow pebbles.  no leading cereal has more marshmallows to rock your whole mouth.  the marshmallowest part of a complete breakfast.   oh, yeah   is yogurt.   oooh.   three to four hours later.  but now, it's frozen.  want it.  ahhh.  and the sticks change color.   wow wee.   you can freeze your trix yogurt with four color changing sticks.  now it's twice as awesome. yum.  111111  look .  somebody dug this hole .  i don't believe it .  and still... i love this hole .  you do . what do you mean .  give it a good look .  look how perfectly shaped it is, how it slopes gently downward .  whoever dug this has the skill and craftsmanship of a fearsome holedigger .  i've just got to track down the artisan who did this .  imagine what this could do for my excavations .  hey, dad, you'd better have a look over there .  whatit can't be .  closer examination revealsthis hole was dug by a machine .   not that .  can't you see all of your fossils have been stolen .  stolenno .  my precious fossil collection is gone .  what kind of criminal would do something like this .  wait, i'm coming, too .  we can't stay here. right .  man, this tunnel seems to go on forever .  pika .   our success is seeing the light of day .  team rocket .  is that the voice of twerps surfacing i hear .  trespassing through our hole, i fear .  on the wind . past the stars .  diggers without peer .  forming holes at a breakneck pace .  shoveling earth, leaving air in its place .  our skill knows no boundaries when it comes to the pick .  when it comes to pit traps, we don't miss a trick .  jessie . and it's james .  meowth, that's a name .  putting all you groundhogging dogooders in your place .  you've got to dig team rocket 'cause we're in your face .  listen up, i've got something i want to say to you three .  clearly, you're all incredibly skilled diggers .  but from now on, why not lose the machines and dig your happy holes by hand .  what's up with him and holes . weird .  listen, those crooks are called team rocket, and they're bad .  bah, no one could dig holes that beautifully and still be called bad.  but, dad, don't you realize they stole your fossil collection .  no fair, i love my fossils .  look herethose fossils are our link to the past, not things for you to steal .  my son's right . give them back right now .  dream on, digger derrick .  now never comes .  so, you want it that way .  rampardos, let's go .  rampar .  i love bastiodon .  bastiodon .  keep 'emi love mecha man .  all right, rampardos, zen headbutt .  now, bastiodon, use iron head .  you sure you love mecha man .  long as we get the win .  dig in .  dirt balls for dirtbags .  rampardos, be careful .  now zen headbutt, go .  it's time to flatten that pointy head .  and the pitch...  rampardos, out of the way .  iron defense, bastiodon, protect rampardos, quick .  so see why i always talk about the value of a good defense .  dad . listen, son .  it's time for you to show off that attack you say is so great.  right, you got it, dad .  all right, rampardos, use head smash .  rampardos, no .  pikachu, quick . thunderbolt, go .  pika... pikachu .  what the...  ya ha ha .  those electric attacks barely tickled mecha man .  'though, those headbutts could cause me to lose a little sleep.  oh, sleep later . grab the fossil bag .  oh, yeah, reety, all righty .   byebyedie .  no, they don't .  all right, rampardos, zen headbutt .  bastiodon, use iron head .  come on, don't you take that guff from them .  i love tagbacks .  hey, ash .  why don't you aim for the holes in that thing's back .  yeah, pikachu, let's put a powerful thunderbolt right into one of the holes on that thing .  pikachu .  mecha man proves our machines can be a flash in the can .  i got a bit behind in my qualitycontrol work .  you're a qualitycontrol jerk .   and we're blasting off again .  pikachu, we did it .  i'm tele...porting.  me swirled charms.  marshmallow power teleport.  oh. ahh.  swirled lucky charms, part of a good breakfast.  they're magically delicious.  turn your pirate tothe s and fire the cannons.   fire .  then face the serpent master rrrghhh .and recoverthe stolen treasure.  yeah .  and do you dare to enter the imaginext dragon worldfortress .  you can turnthe knight to open the gate or release the hidden dragon oh no .  and dispose ofunwanted guests.  aaaahh . roar .  dragon world fortressrcomes as you see here.  sold separately.    all those precious fossils .  what a relief . they're all safe and sound .  huh... dad .  hey, dad, what's wrong .  look .  is that a sunkern fossil .  oh .  daddy, daddy .  hi, roark, what is it .  daddy, look at thisit's a fossil .  and it's a present for you .  let's have a look.  hmm...  hmm .  i'm most impressed, roarkyou gave me a sunkern leaf .  you don't see these very often .  i promise to take good care of it .  you mean, that's the same sunkern .  it's by far the most important fossil in my collection.  i don't know what to say...  that means you actually do care about the family.  i realized as long as i was running the oreburgh gym, then you'd be my apprentice, and that's how you'd stay .  so i thought it was a fine opportunity for you to take the reins by passing the oreburgh torch to you as gym leader .  wow, i've been wrong all this time .  now, i knowthanks so much, dad .  hey, it was nothing .  you know, hearing all about roark's family has started to make me miss my mom as well, you know .  funny you should say that, because i've been thinking i need to give my family a call and see how everyone's doing.  awesome, me, too.  so, ash, i know it's been a long wait, but you're next .  wow, great .  but the wait's not over. huh .  since i have to let bastiodon rest up, how about we hold off until tomorrow .  hmm... right .  if you don't mind, i would love to referee your battle .  whoa, how cool is that . piplup .  it'll be a battle to remember .  but, ash, you're going to have to want to win my gym badge in the worst way .  prepare yourself for the battle of your life .  right, and you'd better prepare yourself, 'cause that badge is mine .   and so, our heroes happily anticipate ash's gym battle at the canalave gym .  with fatherandson involvedin the challenge, you've got to stay tuned to be part of the excitement .  captioned bysoundwriters 5 .  go.  . hot wheels battle force 5 .  . drive together to survive .  . fight. fight. fight. in the battlezone .  . gotta drive to survive .  . never back down .  . never give in .  . it's time to drive battle force 5 .  .  . hot wheels battle force 5 .   zemerik: behold my latest discovery.   as rare as it is powerful.  phase metal.  .. blob, my lord.  this "blob" is a parasitic control virus.  observe.   zurk.  selfterminate.     bravo, sir.  .. zurk mindless.  they do whatever you say, anyway.  true, zug.  but you have free will, do you not. )