 t.  why only the steeltype pokmon are being affected.  really . i wonder why that is.  that's really strange.   they're all in so much pain.  the poor things .  pika.  man, what's up with iron island .  i hope barry's okay.   diglett .  lairon .  it's a lairon .  all the diglett must be trying to get away from it .  lairon, lairon .  hey, lairon isn't after the diglett .  it looks to me like that lairon's in pain, too.  yeah, just like the rest of the steeltypes.  that's why it's crazed .  lairon must be running rampant to try to block out all of its intense pain.  we've got to try and do something to help.  pikachu, let's go .  pika .  ash, wait .  okay, pikachu, let's stop lairon by using thunderbolt and aiming for its legs .  pikachu .  no good .  use thunderbolt once more .  pikachu .  be careful, you guys . piplup.  one more time .  no way .  lairon .  didn't do a thing .  no, lairon's hurt, but for some reason, it seems unfazed by the pain.  stop, laironwe're not your enemies .  ash, it's useless .  ash . ash .  you all right .  are you hurt . no, i don't think so.  wow, thanks, pikachu .  pika, pika .  it's a metang .  it's like metang's trying to hurt itself .  no, metang, stop .  skar .  skar, skar, skar .  awful, i can't believe this .  i'd like to know what's going on.  stop it .  why are you trying to destroy the island .  ash, no . pika.  you've got to stop all this right now .  lucario, close combat .  okay, you all right .  i'm finethat was something .  a close call, for sure .  give me a second.  come on, sundae.   .  kids: ronald.  .  . ba da ba ba ba .  ronald. i'm okay.  with bulk boulder versus fred and barney all to win the big chocolatey taste of post cocoa pebbles cereal.  part of a good breakfast.  rowr.  erk.  yikes.   bulk wins.  but not for long.  bamm bamm bamm bamm.   wow.  nothing beats smacking down the big chocolatey taste of all those little pebbles pieces.  mmmmmm chocolatey.  speakin' of little pieces.  what's lucario doing .  scanning the area with its aura.  goodthanks, lucario.  apparently, the area is safe, so how about a break .  oh, man.  thanks a whole lot for saving me before.  nice to meet you, i'm ash .  hi, my name is riley, i specialize in steeltypes.  lots of steeltype pokmon live on the island, so this is where i live and train.  yeah, for a long time . yes.  as you can see, this island is mostly made up of rocky terrain.  but that's exactly why this island is best suited for us, to condition our hearts and bodies, just like a steeltype.  iron island has always felt like kind of a homeland for my soul.  so now that my homeland is in danger, and for the sake of all steeltypes, we're investigating the cause of these strange occurrences.  but isn't lucario a steeltype, too .  yes, lucario's a steeltype anda fightingtype .  then how come lucario seems to be okay .  lucario's surrounding itself with its protective aura.  that's so cool . its aura, wow .  pika, pika.  pip, piplup.  we've actually come to the island to look for someone.  he's a young trainer named barry.  barryhaven't seen him.  aah .  we have to jump, heracross .  thanks a lot, heracross .  huh .  whoa, what was that .   skar .  aah .   of all the lamebrained landings...   oh, no, you .  what's your problem .  our problem has been twerps from day one .  you take away all our fun .  fury attack now .   hey, i didn't get to my line .  i heard that junk once .  how dare you .  we haven't finished that "junk" .  yeah, so, i'm good...  wobbu .   in doing our research, lucario and i have discovered there's a special lowfrequency sound wave covering the island that only affects steeltype pokmon.  lowfrequency .  and it's having an adverse effect on the bodies of every steeltype here .  of course, that's why their senses and demeanor have been altered.   and that's why they don't feel any pain .  but the way they're slamming their bodies into rocks and hurting themselves, they must be taking damage .  i really want to help all of 'em.  pika, pika.  riley, do you know the source of the wave .  that's what we're working on.  okay, that path will lead you back into town.  if i do happen to run into barry, i'll tell him to meet you there.  no, we wanna go with you .  we're really worried about barry, and we can't just leave all those poor steeltypes to suffer like that .  pikachu . pip, piplup .  too dangerous, sorry.  those pokmon are the ones in danger .  all of us really want to help out because what ash says is true .  we're all trainers, so we have to .  they say they're all trainers, so...  but will you hesitate to attack a pokmon that's gone berserk .  it's not going to be easy to do that .  perhaps, but if you hesitate and get defeated, you won't be able to save those truly in need .  am i wrong .  pika . piplup.  i get it now .  you're the ones who caused the steeltypes to go crazy, so i'm fining you .  i never carry cash.  but, jessie, the point is moot.  we may be crooks, but we've got a heart .  wobbu, wobbu .  well, the evidence is plain as dayover there .  that's your machine, correct .   what machine .  still in style... who .  team galactic, goof .  with an agenda, no doubt.  skar, skar, skar .  isn't that girl one of you guys .  in your dreams, twerp .  after our celestic town meet, now revenge will be sweet .  now we got the element of surprise on our side .  what they don't know willhurt 'em, bad .  wobbuffet .   huh .   if it isn't team rocket .  i'd love to chat, but i'm a little busy now.  so try not to get in my way .  aah .  heracross, no .  return .  how dare you do that to heracross .  roserade .  hey, are you giving me a hand .  oh, don't hold your twerpish breath .  you see, we have a bone to pick with those fashion freaks .  time to take a pause for the claws .  huhi think you'll be holdingyourbreath.   the lowfrequency sound waves are coming from up ahead .  you're saying someone's up there, too .  quite a few of them as well .  i'm getting a bad feeling about this.   hey, you're not doing that with my fury swipes swiping .  kablam .  counter withyour fury swipes.   is everyone all right .  roserade...   the nervehow embarrassing .  we were routed in record time.  they're speedy, all right.   ghosts .  dialga and palkia .  these are some strange digs.   how pathetic .  do you mind staying down there for awhile .  you're a major eyesore .  excuse me, miss mars, ready for the final stage.  well, finally .   you come back here this instant .   we're not done with you yet .  so now we live forever in someone else's hole .  why don't you return to your pokballs and get some rest .  don't worry, i'll get us out if it's the last thing i do.   what's that .   looks like some sort of ruins .   look, team galactic .  which means this place might have something to do with the spacetime legend .  when lucario sensed a lot of people, it must have been sensing team galactic .  who are team galactic .  they're trying to uncover the legend of sinnoh timespace .  and they're apparently going after dialga and palkia.  incredible .  so this must be the source, the lowfrequency sound waves causing all the trouble.  they have to be coming from these ruins.   whoa.  i had no idea that ruins made out of a metallike substance even existed on iron island .   i'll bet team galactic discovered them and dug them up .  no doubt about it.  whatyou must be sensing great power .  focus your aura and find out as much as you can .  it's got to have something to do with those sound waves .   perfectjust like cyrus said.    it's blindingwhat is it .  lucario, you all right .  lucario .  it's acting strange .  no, not lucario, too .  lucario, stop . lucario .   and so, once again, our heroes have crossed paths with the evil team galactic .  so what could they be after at this point .  time will tell, so stay tuned .  captioned bysoundwriters et up to speed with "yugioh. 5ds." kalin: yusei.  you don't know how long i've been waiting for this moment.   oh. oh.  yusei: kalin kessler.  you were once our friend.  "once your friend," yes.  ..your enemy.  carly: jack, what's going on.  it seems like you know that guy down there with yusei.  he's from the satellite.  we used to all duel together.  you're no match for the power of my dark deck, yusei.  now prepare to meet the shadows of the netherworld.  i summon one hundredeyed dragon.  ah.  yusei.  the powers of the dark shadows really suit me.  duels are much more exciting when i can dish out real pain.  ah.  kalin: i could have given you everything.  but you were too scared.  you knew the only way the satellite could be ours was if we eliminated every threat.  you were blinded by your dream.  now that i know you duel to destroy, i'm taking you out.  you're wrong.  'cause your days of dueling are about to end.  captioning made possible by4kids productions  going fast makes me feel alive    my heart beats in hyper drive   only if i lose    just let destiny choose    i can hear you breathing    i can see you coming    i can feel the wind, it's blowing me around    take a shot at me runnin' side by side    it's a blur as i go by    i can hear you breathing    i can see you coming    i can feel the wind, it's blowing me around    see the sun arisin'    fire in the sky    greatness thrusts itself into our lives   rally: crow.  hey.  what's goin' on. where's yusei.  there.  .  he's not just dueling, you guys, ..  so who's the other guy.  crow: it's kalin.  as in "let's take over satellite" kalin.  i thought they locked him up and threw away the key.  looks like they didn't throw it far enough.  is he the one behind the big glowing thing in the sky.  crow: yup.  remember those dark signers yusei was talking about.  apparently, kalin is one of 'em.  and he used some sort of dark mojo to trap yusei in this seal and force him to duel, only this isn't li other duels.  the damage in this duel is real.  ah. huh.  it looks like your precious duel runner is about to give up on you, yusei.  oh.  ..  it's just a little wobbly is all.  then i guess it's a perfect fit for your game.  all: yusei.  did you hear that.  it sounds to me like you have a couple of loyal friends out there watching the duel.  i just hope for your sake that you never have to feel the stinging pain of their betrayal.  jack: kalin can run the table with this combo of his.  he's made it so that as long as he has no cards in his hand, he can pretty much use any monster in his graveyard and activate their special ability.  yusei needs to do something about that or he's finished.  it's my turn.  i've only got one way to throw him off his ..  it's a long shot, but i gotta try something.  alright, kalin, since you've got monsters on your field ..  i'm able to special summon this next card as a level 4 monster.  i summon level warrior.  next, i'll bring out hyper synchron to the field in attack mode.  computer: when hyper synchron is used to summon a synchro monster, that monster gains 800 attack points and cannot be destroyed in battle.  i'm shaking.  and now i'll use the power of my hyper synchron to tune my level warrior so that i can summon out your destruction.  stardust dragon.  let's rev it up.  busting out your deck's top performer.  i was worried you weren't taking me seriously.  i guess in a way i should be flattered.  wel, this next move'll really make you feel special.  see when hyper synchron is used to summon a synchro monster, the summoned monster then gets power boost.  thatta boy.  i bet even with one hundredeyed dragon on the field )