 piplup .  what was that .  let's check it out.   someone's on top .   something's wrongwe'd better help him.  piplup . man, he looks bad.  huh .  my name's pokmon ranger ben.   pokmon ranger .  that's right, and i've got one job: to spend my time protecting peace and justice for people and pokmon .  my name is ash.  hi, my name's dawn.  and i'm brock.  see, that feraligatr carried you downstream here to us.  thanks a lot, feraligatr.  feraligatr .  so does that mean feraligatr's your partner .  yeah, well, it comes to me when i summon it using the ranger sign.  ranger sign .  the ranger sign is a way of summoning pokmon that i've bonded with in the past.  i just use my capture styler.   i can't believe it, it's not there .  my capture styler is missing.  what am i gonna do .  one thing.  have you guys seen a heatran around here .  a heatran .   heatran.  the lava dome pokmon.  heatran lives in volcanic caves, and uses its crossshaped claws to maneuver across stone walls.  how come .  is something wrong .  well, i discovered a special heatran that can use eruption.  special .  a normal heatran can't learn eruption.  that's amazing.  i was so close to bringing that heatran back to the national park when i lost sight of it .  but it's okay.  no matter what happens, i'm still a pokmon ranger .  nice recovery.  right, it is good to look at the bright side.  right .  finding that atran is job one.  i may have lost my capture styler, but i may have met some nice people to help me.   huh .  do you think you'd be able to give me a hand .  sure, sounds like a real blast.  great, let's go .  come on .  someone's in a rush.  we were so close to taking ownership of that heatran.  ah, if only to bgi a second chance to catch that scampering scamp.  yeah, fat chance.  hey, look over there .  wasn't the pokmon ranger carrying that thing .  that's a capture styler.  it allows one to capture pokmon and control them at will.  well, our fugitive heatran's a pokmon, is it not .  signs point to yes.  yeah .  so if we used this baby to capture heatran and bring it to the boss...  "i'll tell you, everything tastes much better when it's cooked using heatran heat." "and there's nothing more relaxing than a heatran sauna.  "'course, heating the old mansion with heatran power "allows me to go green and save green as well.  "you know, meowth and friends deserve some serious green for giving me such a thoughtful and rocking gift." his gifts rock.    no wonder we're smiling    'cause soon we'll be styling    and be rich   and we won't have to match wits with those tacky twerps.  though i only use half my wits to keep it fair.  wobbuffet .  the heatran must be nearby.  i feel it.  but, really, how can you be so sure .  don't worry .  so long as we keep moving, we're bound to find it.  you're always looking at the bright side of things.  so what's your secret .  i always remember the motto that's been in my family for generations.  a motto . right.  i was actually the most negative kid you'd ever want to meet.  when faced with an obstacle, no matter how small, i'd always give up.  but when i was down, my grandfather always said, "remember, son, it's always better to try than to cry." great words to live by.   but, what did he mean by that .  you can either try and get things done or sit around complaining, but not both.  you know, if you don't succeed, try, try again.  so now, no matter what happens, i know that so long as i keep trying, things will work out.  makes sense.  but if you're gonna find heatran, you must have a plan.  i sure do.  hey, what're you doin' . pika .  checking the temperature of the ground.  but why .  heatran always live near volcanoes, d be somewhere where the ground feels warm to the that's why you're a pokmon ranger.  wow, your knowledge of pokmon is huge.  yeah, now we're getting somewhere .  . trio meansbatcave building power .  the trio building systemlets you build the ultimate trio batcave . yeaahhh ...  then rebuildyour trio batcave .  and face off with the jokerbotand the batcopter . yeahhh ...  trio batcave can bebuilt as shown.  other accessoriessold separately. )