 everybody .  bui, bui.  gliscor, gli, gli, gliscor.  grotle.  star, star.  monferno, monferno.  oh, man.  please don't overdo it.   okay, you're all trying to cheer me up now, right .  pika...  right .  i'm fine now.  i'm not feeling sad one little bit.  paul sure is tough.  he's got his own way of getting strong, and i've gotta admit he gave it his all.  that's how he got strong in the first place.  but, hey, we're gonna get stronger, too.  it's not gonna be easy, though.  so there's only one thing to do.  we're gonna have to work harder than paul.  and when we meet up with him again, we're gonna beat that y .  what do you say, gang .   come on, get off.  hey, guys, get off .    oops, guess i forgot to eat something today.   well, well, the twerp pokmon cheering squad.  guys, i'm back.  pika .  ash, brock just told us he saw it.  saw it . saw what .  the pokmon that you saw at lake acuity...  was it this one .  hmm... that's it .  but now that i think about it, the thing that i saw was more like a shadow than the actual pokmon itself.  it sounds to me like it was the spirit of uxie that you saw.  just like the time when i saw mesprit on lake verity.  and just like when i saw azelf on lake valor.  now, according to this book, it says that all three pokmon might actually have come from the same egg.  it also says that from uxie, who is referred to as the being of knowledge, comes the wisdom to solve problems.  from mesprit, called the being of emotion, comes the joys and pain of life, and from azelf, the being of willpower, comes the resolve to accomplish whatever task may be at hand.  and it's the power of these three that keeps the world in balance.  at least that's what this book is saying.  to think they're legendary pokmon, and the three of us saw them .  we saw 'em all right.  pika, pika.  piplup.  could it have been an accident .  or do all of these happenings mean something .  it's mysterious, that's for sure.  hmm...   i'm not sure why, but this starting to get kinda fun .  right, pikachu .  pika.  piplup, piplup.  i'm worried ash is trying to do too much.  what do you mean too much .  pikachu .  it's nothing.  but there is something i wanna show you, though.  piplup.  can i skip school. absolutely not.  can i get a mohawk. absolutely not.  can i have jalapenos.  absolutely.  " you get exactly what you want.  subway.eat fresh.   if you're using the leading sensitivity toothpaste, you may be missing some of the protection you need for a healthy mouth.  with crest prohealth toothpastes, you don't need to make that tradeoff.   crest prohealth is the first and only leading toothpaste to protect against sensitivity and all these areas dentists check most.  and with crest prohealth sensitive shield, you get a smoother formula.  sensitivity protection and more for a healthy mouth.  new crest prohealth sensitive shield.  s ) but i worry we're sorely underprepared this time.  now, now, worry not.  int of being beside himself, which will enable us the luxury of effortlessly capturing pikachu with nary a robot in sight.  i'm making sure at least we'll be shockproof, which is saying something.  warm greetings, ladies and gentlemen.  i'd like to start off our proceedings by thanking you all very much for coming to see dawn's pokmon circus.  wonder what dawn's up to this time.  you see, dawn's been working really hard practicing for this performance just to cheer you up, and you'll love it.  ths for us .  pikachu .  now, keep your eyes open.  we begin dawn's circus with a feat of pure acrobatic skill.  mamo.  chipa.  buneary.  oh, wow .   bun, buneary .  great, everyone, pose.  tada .    piplup.  huh .  piplup, piplup.  piplup, piplup.  piplup, piplup.  pip, piplup.  pip, piplup.  well, so you say you can really do it, piplup .  piplup .  pip, piplup.  pip, piplup.  piplup.  piplup...  buneary .   okay, again, pose.  hmm...  and now, let's go and find that bummedout little twerp and make him even more bummed out, okay .  yay . yay .  and now, for our next act, we havedadadada .  hey, aren't they the cleanup crew .  wow, this oughta be good.  uh... ahem.  testing, testing, one, two, three.  now, how many people do you see .  who're bummed out .  none other than he.  aww, looks like we've got a sourpuss in our midst.  uh... that's kinda weird.  that boy's so bummed out, his tongue's too depressed to talk.  tongue depression.  let's build on a theme.  rumor has it that someone got crushed in his last battle, and that someone would be you.  who, me .  well, we've got the perfect drink for you because it's the sports drink of championship losers.  loser, loser, loser, loser.  you stink .  stink.  you stink.  you stink.  have i forgotten something .  oh, that's right.  stink.  you stink.  and that means loser.  loser, loser, loser, loser, loser .  without further ado, check this .  cool.  it's our superspecial patented pikachu getnet.  get set .  pikachu .  who are you, anyway .   if you don't know who we are, you will soon enough.  watch the twerps go gaga when the going gets rough.  shovel may care.  pick a pair.  want pikachu . well, tough.  we bring chaos at a breakneck pace.  we dash all hope and bring fear in its place.  a rose by any other name is just as sweet.  when everything's worse, our work is complete.  jessie.  and james.  meowth, that's a name.  putting the dogooders in their place.  we're team rocket.   and we're in your face.  wow, what fun.  no, you're wrong, nurse joy.  those guys are the bad guys.  oh, that's just terrible.  so it was team rocket.  give pikachu back now .  if you think we're going to bicker with you when we could be shuffling off to success, you really are a mess.  we've got happy feet.  ain't it neat .  hey, come back .  gimme back pikachu .  stubborn twerps are the worst twerps.  seviper, attention .  seviper .  please, dear, haze.  seviper .  smoke gets in your eyes.  we'll say our goodbyes.  buizel, water pulse, quick.  bui .  bui .  what a bore.  pikachu, thunderbolt, let's go .  pikachu .  keeping your attitude in the bag is what we're all about.  now, gliscor, sand attack, go .  gliscor.  gli, gli, gli.  e on.  yan.  use sonicboom.  yan.  all right, carnivine, time to take the reins.  carnivine .  i didn't say "brains," you potted pinhead, i said "reins." carnivine, bullet seed.  carnivine .  all right, grotle, energy ball.  staraptor, you use aerial ace.  grotle .  it's time to finish this thing up.  monferno, mach punch.  that was amazing .  monferno's become a real powerhouse since it evolved.  pi...  pika, pi.  pikachu .  pikachu, pika, pika.  even my gloves hurt.  whoever said that the twerp was bummed from losing his battle and would be an easy mark is an absolute buffoon.  lemme at that idiot.  you're that idiot.  what .  something about going after "the weakest of the twerp herd." yeah, and also something profound about plucking pikachu while the iron is hot.  that would be our loser jessie.  don't you make this my fault.  you bunch of babies are in denial.  and since you didn't stop me, it's your fault.  i can't hear you.  gliscor.  bui.  monferno.  grotle.  staraptor.  pika.  hmm...  such good health.  and you're all truly in the twe and i think we're all in trouble deep .  okay, buizel, use aqua jet now.  bui, bui.  and staraptor, aerial ace, let's go.  all right, grotle, use energy ball.  grotle .  gliscor, xscissor now.  gliscor.  monferno, use flamethrower.  monferno .  pikachu, quick attack, go.  pika.  pi, pi, pi, pi.   we're blasting off again .   all right, gang, let's keep rolling just like that.  whh reminds me, we've gotta get ready for that contest, too.  piplup.  buneary . chipa .  so then that must mean you're competing in contests, right, dawn .  you bet.  then you should head over to lilypad town right away.  their contest is going to take place very soon.  yeah .  that's so exciting, i'm going to lilypad town.  this is lilypad town's location.  oh, i see.  so all we have to do is head south right from here.  yeah, that looks right.  wow, piplup, i can't wait.  piplup.  i know we're gonna do great in our next battle, right, pikachu .  pika, pika.  let's all have a bite before you go.  because after all, trainers and coordinators need their strength.   right .  pika. piplup.  with ash's confidence and determination fully restored and happily in place, our heroes' adventuresand destiny continue to unfold,as the journey continues.  captioned bysoundwriters now let's get up to speed with "yugioh.  5d's" yusei fudo, entering the limits of new domino city without a permit.  now to discuss punishment.  guard: welcome to the facility " i never forget a face.  you were at the kaiba dome.  i saw sector security take you away.  aah. my arm.  why does it hurt so much.  i can't remember.  lemme tell ya how things are gonna work around here.  first day in everyone duels.  you duel good you get respect.  but don't get no ideas 'cause i'm the best.  ooooookay. let's everyone calm down.  i've been here before and i know how the rules are supposed to work.  if i win, then well i'm in charge.  ushi oni, take out that ancient relic.  you can't.  the crystal skull is a priceless artifact.  aah.  now get outta here.  and leave your "precious treasures" with me.  you can't do this.   looks like you just earned yourself a duel.  can i borrow your cards.  huh.  you said we duel here for respect.  i think it's about time you learn what that really means.  this started to burn.  it's the crimson dragon's mark.  it's a symbol of power.  you are one of the rare few known as a signer.  your sign, jack, it is your destiny.  captioning made possible by4 kids productions  going fast makes me feel alive    my heart beats in hyper drive   only if i lose    just let destiny choose    i can hear you breathing    i can see you coming    i can feel the wind, it's blowing me around    take a shot at me runnin' side by side    it's a blur as i go by    i can hear you breathing    i can see you coming    i can feel the wind, it's blowing me around    see the sun arisin'    fire in the sky    greatness thrusts itself into our lives    there's now way you got the skills to take me down.  do you have any idea what you're gettin' into, kid.  bring it on and find out.  well at least you got the whole attitude thing covered.  you're gonna duel with the old guy's deck.  guess your looking to get embarrassed by tanner as well.  they are bunkmates, maybe crazy's contagious.  you don't have to do this, you know.  if i don't step up, i'll never live it down.   there's somethin this whippersnapper.  if i really saw what i think i saw the other night, is it possible that this kid is who i think he is.  who are you.  just a guy trying to get by.  you lose a duel in here, rookie, and no one's gonna respect you.  and trust mearound here, you survive on respect.  well, then you better hope you don't lose.  let's do this.  seniority rules here.  i'm goin' first.  lemme introduce you to my little pet.  ...  .  creepie crawlies giving ya the shakes.  come on, tanner. get 'em.  yeah. go.  come on, man.  you can do it. come on.  i place two cards facedown and end my turn.  it's your move, kid.  how's the old timer's deck lookin'.  you gonna throw some garage sale rejects at me.  hey, yanagi, don't listen to anything these guys have to say.  they don't know what they're talking about.  but you saw me duel.  everything blew up in my face.  i had my old butt handed to me.  well, let me show you what these ancient relics of yours can do in the right hands.   goodwin: just be sure to keep an eye on that duel, mr. armstrong.  write up a report.  be sure to note if anything unusual happens.  sounds like your old buddy from the satellite is making some new duelist friends in the facility.  huh.  look, jack, i'm sorry about how recent events have transpired.  but allow me to explain.  so far, our relationship has operated on a needtoknow basis.  meaning i know things that you don't.  'cause you haven't needed to know these things.  until now.  computer: fingerprint verification.  optical analysis.  scan complete.  welcome, mr. goodwin.  you're a lot more important than you know, jack.  but what makes you important is not that you're a great duelist.  rather you're a great duelist because of what makes you important.  i'm gonna pretend that made sense.  beyond this door lies your destiny.  what's going on, goodwin.  what i'm about to show you is one of the world's best kept secrets.  amazing isn't it.  that dragon symbol looks likeyou're standing in front of the stairway of the crimson dragon.  it was originally erected in peru, but my predecessors relocated it here that's all well and good,but how does that relate to this mark.  the mark on your armrepresents the right wing of the crimson dragon.  the same dragon you and yusei mehow summoned at the end of your duel.  like i said, jack, you're much more important than you know.  night, sweetie.  but i love chef.       what do you wantfor dinner.  chef boyardee.  boy, this stuff is good.  what taste gets athletes this excited.   frosted flakes.     we are tigers   crunchy flakes perfectly coated with sweet ..  makes them a great tasting part of a nutritious breakfast.   mighty, mighty tigers     kellogg's frosted flakesare more than good.  ..  grrrrreat.   )