   thank you so muhuh.  you're lila.   hold on, you're dawn, aren't you.   yeah, but how in the world did you know my name.   come on, we don't have time for this.   and now, i have the honor of introducing our judges for today.  first, our head judge and chief of the pokemon activities committee, mr. contesta.   thank you.  i look forward to witnessing the fruits of all the coordinator's training.   next we have the head of the pokemon fan club, mr. sukizo.   hi, celestic town.  you're remarkable.   and last but not least, celestic town's own nurse joy.   i'm very excited knowing there are so many cute pokemon for me to see.   all right, let's get things started.  we'll get underway with the beautiful and always exciting appeesenting our first coordinator.  this lovely lady's making her first appearance in 20 years.  please welcome the tiger lily of celestic town, lila.   lila's making a comeback.   awesome.  i can't wait to see this.   pika pika.   now, cherrim, out you come.   cherrim.  cherrim.  cherrim.   you know, it's like lila never retired.   who's that pokemon.   pokedex:cherrim.  the blossom pokemon.  cherrim stays quiet until its flowers bloom, when it becomes quite excitable.   cherrim, magical leaf.   ch ch cherrim.   sunny day.   cherrim.     that really shows off cherrim's unique quality.  perfect.   celestic town's tiger lily is still blooming.   which means, remarkable.   it feels like a flower has just bloomed in my heart.  she really is amazing.  but today, i need to remember she's my opponent.   let's let the good times roll.   deli.   crawdaunt.     donphan.   hi, everybody.   next up, we've got the solaceon town contest champion, jessilina.   the queen of flaunted fortune and fame.  and today i'll be doing something inspired by the almost as fabulous fantina.  now dear yanmega, you're on.     aaahh.   oh, my, jessilina's flying.   a new spin on my past win.  how do i top this.  with silver wind.   round and round    and up and down    and where she goes    now nobody knows    and la dee da    and tra la la    oh, man.  she sure likes to fly.   but this is her imitating fantina.   this may be the first time i've ever thought thievery was wrong.   if that's the most sincere form of flattery, i quit.   wobba.  a most unusual display.   of course.  remarkable, too.   there's no substitute for enthusiasm.   ahem, moving right along, next up we have the wallace cup champion, dawn.   stay cool.  you'll do great, dawn.   now, buneary, spotlight.   buneary.   use bounce.  now, spin on your ears.   those moves sure allow buneary's adorableness to shine through.   good work, buneary.   keep it up. just like that.   ice beam, go.   bun buneary.  bun.  bun.   skating like that really looks like a lot of un.   all right, use dizzy punch.   bun bun.  bun.   great.     just look at that form.  uhoh.  looks like buneary's starting to lose that form.   what happened.  buneary.  and over probably isn't giving results you want.  introducingneosporinlip health.  shown torestore visiblyhealthier lips in justthree days.  new neosporinlip health.  rethink your lip care.  .  there are all kinds of thingsin the world of avatar.  ..  hey.  .  when you play with them.  .  rthere's one in your mcdonald's happy meal.  . ba da ba ba ba .   two of nature'ssweetest wonders now in newsun crystals.  the only 100%natural sweetener made with pure canesugar and stevia.  with just 5 calories a packet.  new sun crystalsallnatural sweetener.  cxaxaxcccc  bun.   buneary.  now, just smile and pose.   buneary.   now that really showed off just how cute dawn's buneary can be.   remarkable, for sure.   the thing i enjoyed watching the most was how much fun dawn and buneary seemed to be having.   i did mess up a little.   but you also managed to pull it together for the finish.   pika pika.   those were some performances.    hmm.   johanna, great to see you.  were you watching.   of course, lila.  that was quite the surprise.   lila. hi, mom.   hello, dawn.  that was a wonderful performance you gave us all out there.   that's so nice.  thank you.  so mom said you two had a contest battle.  wow, it sounds like it must have been totally amazing.     it was.  as a matter of fact, the battle between your mother and i was the most inmportant battle in my life.   huh.   i may have won, but when i saw how energized your mom was about battling, i started asking myself a few questions.  is this really what i wanna be doing with my life.  back then, i wasn't sure which path i wanted to take coordinator or poke stylist.  then, i got the chance to study to be a poke stylist abroad.  not knowing what to do, i asked your mom for some advice.  we decided then we were both going to do what we really wanted to do what we'd be best at.   what a great story.   and that's why i decided to pursue becoming a poke stylist.  and your mother decided to concentrate on becoming a coordinator.   but i never thought you'd be going after being a coordinator again.   well, it's all thanks to your sweet daughter.   huh. thanks to me.   you see, of course i find the work that i do now fulfilling, but when i saw dawn battling on tv, looking so full of life, the memories of my days as a coordinator flooded back in my head.  so i started thinking how wonderful it would be to stake earning my fifth ribbon in a battle with you, dawn.   then if you win, you'll be able to enter the grand festival.   but that's not the real reason lila's doing it.   huh.   never could get anything past you, could i.  i knew i could learn something about myself by battling dawn the same way i used to battle johanna.  and i will tell you, we went at it back in the day.   it's obvious some things never change.   marian: thank you for your patience.  and now for the results.  after careful consideration, the judges have made a decision.  the following eight coordinators will be moving right along to the next round.  now, take a look at the monitors.     jessie: come on, come on.   we made it.  and it's all because of you, buneary.     now, using the computer we've randomly decided all our battles for round two.  so, have a look at our four pairings.     now dawn, let's make sure it all comes down to us.   okay.   dawn, lila, i'm looking forward to watching you two battle.   no need to worry, mom.  ambipom, this time it's going to be your turn.   ambipom.   all right, and now it's time for some contest battles and round two.  let's go.   ambi.     pom.   so, following round after round of fierce battling, we now come to the final round.  over there, we have lila.  and over here, it's dawn.   go for it, dawn.  you can do it for sure.   don't forget your mom will be watching too.  if i win, i'll get my third ribbon.  but even my mom lost to lila.  can i really pull this thing off.  it's time, dawn.  let's both give it everything we've got, and no regrets.  hmm.  of course.  if i lose, i can just train some more and try again.  relax.  no need to worry.   they've got five minutes.  let's go.   ambipom, spotlight.   ambipom.   delcatty, out you come.     ambipom, use swift.  ..pom.  pom pom pom.   substitute.   way to go.    that was a delcatty substitute.  wow.   where's the real one.   now use shock wave.   ambi.   well done, delcatty.  yes.  and the flowers have bloomed.   there it is.  the famous tiger lily smile.   amazing.  just like it was 20 years ago.  wow, even i'm pumped up now.   double team, now.   ambi.  ambi ambi. ambi ambi.   ambipom, use focus punch.   pom pom pom.  pom pom.     after a little circle dance, ambipom's focus punch nails its target.  uhoh, it looks like ambipom's been afflicted with attract status.     you know, brock, i totally forgot that delcatty's special ability was cute charm.   yeah, sometimes when a male like delcatty is attacked directly by a female like ambipom, the attacker's afflicted by attract status.   such a pretty flower deserves a lullaby.  all right, delcatty, sing please.       look at that.  so that means lila can use sleep skills just like fantina.   dawn's got problems if this keeps up.   please, ambipom, wake up.   now, iron tail.       so, now the second flower blooms.   and there it is, her famed tiger lily smile.  the way lila's delcatty uses its opponent's momentum to make its pose is nothing less than amazing.   wow, that's exactly what i did back then.  well done, lila.     ambipom, you've gotta wake up.   i'm afraid a flower of cruel beauty is about to blossom.  shock wave.   ambipom's awake. yeah.   get back into it, dawn.   pika pika.   swift, let's go.   substitute.   now use double hit.  . pom.   ambipom's gaining momentum now.  that double hit was spot on.  but look.  once again, ambipom's back in attract status.   as long as ambipom attacks delcatty directly, attract status is a risk.   so what can dawn do.   well, i guess i'll just have to go for broke.  use double team.  you did it.   that's great.  even in attract status you can sometimes land a successful attack.   all right, you two, keep it going.   sing, delcatty.     double hit, let's go.  . pom.  ambipom.   ambipom did it.  double hit knocked the singing right out.   plus ambipom was already in attract status, so it doesn't matter if it attacked directly.  the attract status wore off.   all right, swift.   ambipom.   substitute.   quick, use shock wave.  hmm.  a great ring of flowers has blossomed.  all right, here we go.  flowers will blossom on a grand scale like the world has never seen before.   no need to worry.  ambipom, let's go.  ..   together: ]    time's up.  so, who will be getting the celestic town contest ribbon.  and it's dawn.     i did it.  thank you, ambipom.  it's all because of you.  you're the best.   dawn won.   and lila, you were great too.   hope you were watching, mom.  i won it.   oh, dawn.    you were just great.  thank you, delcatty.   congratulations, dawn.  that was a great battle.   it was.  thanks, lila.   and now, the chief of the pokemon activities committee contesta will present our winning coordinator dawn with the celestic town contest ribbon.   congratulations.  that was quite a spectacle.   thank you so much, sir.  i just won the celestic town pokemon contest, and this ribbon .  there are all kinds of thingsin the world of avatar.  ..  hey.  .  when you play with them.  .  rthere's one in your mcdonald's happy meal.  . ba da ba ba ba .   celebrate your victory, you may pick out whatever you like.  and guys, that goes for you as well.   lila, thanks so much.   awesome.   pika.   so.   everything in your shop is as nice as it can be.  again, thank you so much.   the pleasure's mine.  thanks to our contest battle, i've been able to reexperience a kind of enthusiasm and excitement that i haven't felt in a long time.   and i think i just might have learned a thing or two about how i'm gonna deal with fantina's hypnosis.   that's great.  just make sure you all keep up the good work.   okay.   narrator:and so, in a contest battle situation dawn never could have dreamed of, dawn's victory at the celestic town pokemon contest results in her third ribbon.  now it's back to the hearthome city gym for our heroes, as our story continues.changed one day when all these random cards started raining down everywhere.  at first they seemed harmless enough so a bunch of us kids invented this cool new game...  that's when we realized those cards weren't so harmless after all.  they were packed with incredible powers from another world.  my name is dan, and together with my friends, runo...  marucho...  julie...  not to mention mr. hotshot himself, shun...  and alice, we are...  the bakugan battle brawlers.  bakugan.  one goal...two worlds.   what are you going to do.    the odds are stacked against you    back against the wall    gotta give it your all...    ah ha ah ha    this is the final stand    ah ha ah ha    the power's in your hand    two worlds collide    on the inside    you gotta fight for what's right    before it's gone, gone, gone    this is bakugan.   the bakugan battle brawlers in " even losing one battle is one too many.  and boy, did you ever lose.  zip it.  i hope you realize it's all your fault we lost, harpus.  i'm a baaaaaaad bakugan...  ahhhhhhhh nuts.  i hate you, shun.  how'd ya pass me.  what in the world.  it's time.  i have a little job for you, komba...  all the top ranked players were invited.  it was like this humongous bash and only the best of the best bakugan battlers got to go check it out.  wow, i didn't know they even existed.  i guess that a perk of being a top gun.  oh please, dan, billy's just pulling your chain.  'kay, now i'm confused...  yes, well, if you ask me.. i believe it's all just one big trap.  what.  i fear marucho is right...  so do i...  because i was one of those stupid enough to fall for it...  wwho are you.  my name is maquerade...  he took us to a different dimension...  a dimension he called vestroia...  he must have shown you naga and the silent core.  please, you must tell me the state naga was in at the time you saw him.  and you mustn't leave out any details.  well gee, i only saw him for like a second.  but from what i remember, it seemed like he couldn't move...  hmm, that seems rather strange...  perhaps he is trapped within the silent core.  yes.  and if your theory is correct, that means that naga has not evolved into the ultimate bakugan yet.  i'm telling you, it was really weird.  when i saw him, i felt this bizarre power kinda wash over me, and next thing i knew all i wanted to do was destroy every bakugan that i could find.  it's like i couldn't control myself.  billy, maybe it was the negative energy of the silent core that was manipulating you.  yeah, that's gotta be it.  thanks you guys, but i wish there was some way i could tell you how sorry i feel for what i did...  hey, don't worry about it.  after all, we know it wasn't your fault. )