 tell loud mouth to debrief the contestants .  if our cover gets blown, we're cooked .  if i had blown her off, it would've looked shady, to say the least, and tv cameras make the world rock .  i'm with sinnoh now.  please tell me where you call home.  sorry, no comment now. oh .  so which pokmon are you competing with today .  sorry, no commen oh.  and you, excited for the competition .  we've got a lot of shy people here.  oh, boy .  nothing makes a man's heart beat faster than a beautiful face .  yahoo . uhoh.  here we go again.  piplup .  you're a case study in magnificence .  brock likes her .  my heart is overflowing with passion like a volcano.  ah, the miracle of being able to gaze into your beautiful eyesdon't start .  i've got no time for this .  oh, alas the painful sting of rejection, stinging more than even croagunk.  ing ) your attention please .  it is a competition requirement that each and every "sinnoh pokmon hustle" contestant is kindly asked to store any extra pokmon safely in our refreshment room throughout the course of our exciting competition.  now our director will tell you what's on the menu in the refreshment room.  we're serving old gateau and lum berries .  place your pokballs in these lockers and a staff member will soon transport them to the refreshment room .  of course we're storing ours as well .  voila .  boy, they've thought of everything .  sure have .  so let's give 'em our pokmon, too .  sounds like a plan .   come on, me too .  cool .  we're not only tagging a new team rocketeer, we're fingering some fab new pokmon .  i'm so full of brilliance, it's scary .  r . bigfoot .  . monstrous as can be . uhoh .  . he's bigfoot the monster,he listens to me . x walk bigfoot.  . i've got a monsterhe'll rock and he'll roll .  . bigfoot .  bigfoot the monstercomes with remote control and rechargeable batteries,other batteries not included.  the "sinnoh pokmon hustle" will now begin .   the winner of our competition receives unlimited travel privileges throughout sinnoh in our beautiful balloon .   well, there's a big duh.  they'll be joining team rocket,after all.   hey, what do you think you're doing .  stop it .  all right, cut .  sorry about that.  you'll be sorry .  i'm the one who's sorry.  my sound man isn't exactly the sharpest tool in the shed.   sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry...  if you're angling to hit people on the head in an unemployment line, keep it up, bub .   let's begin with stage one .  you'll need to cross these logs with your pokmon.  but be extra careful,  tell loud mouth to debrief the contestants .  if our cover gets blown, we're cooked .  if i had blown her off, it would've looked shady, to say the least, and tv cameras make the world rock .  i'm with sinnoh now.  please tell me where you call home.  sorry, no comment now. oh .  so which pokmon are you competing with today .  sorry, no commen oh.  and you, excited for the competition .  we've got a lot of shy people here.  oh, boy .  nothing makes a man's heart beat faster than a beautiful face .  yahoo . uhoh.  here we go again.  piplup .  you're a case study in magnificence .  brock likes her .  my heart is overflowing with passion like a volcano.  ah, the miracle of being able to gaze into your beautiful eyesdon't start .  i've got no time for this .  oh, alas the painful sting of rejection, stinging more than even croagunk.  ing ) your attention please .  it is a competition requirement that each and every "sinnoh pokmon hustle" contestant is kindly asked to store any extra pokmon safely in our refreshment room throughout the course of our exciting competition.  now our director will tell you what's on the menu in the refreshment room.  we're serving old gateau and lum berries .  place your pokballs in these lockers and a staff member will soon transport them to the refreshment room .  of course we're storing ours as well .  voila .  boy, they've thought of everything .  sure have .  so let's give 'em our pokmon, too .  sounds like a plan .   come on, me too .  cool .  we're not only tagging a new team rocketeer, we're fingering some fab new pokmon .  i'm so full of brilliance, it's scary .  r . bigfoot .  . monstrous as can be . uhoh .  . he's bigfoot the monster,he listens to me . x walk bigfoot.  . i've got a monsterhe'll rock and he'll roll .  . bigfoot .  bigfoot the monstercomes with remote control and rechargeable batteries,other batteries not included.  the "sinnoh pokmon hustle" will now begin .   the winner of our competition receives unlimited travel privileges throughout sinnoh in our beautiful balloon .   well, there's a big duh.  they'll be joining team rocket,after all.   hey, what do you think you're doing .  stop it .  all right, cut .  sorry about that.  you'll be sorry .  i'm the one who's sorry.  my sound man isn't exactly the sharpest tool in the shed.   sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry...  if you're angling to hit people on the head in an unemployment line, keep it up, bub .   let's begin with stage one .  you'll need to cross these logs with your pokmon.  but be extra careful,  tell loud mouth to debrief the contestants .  if our cover gets blown, we're cooked .  if i had blown her off, it would've looked shady, to say the least, and tv cameras make the world rock .  i'm with sinnoh now.  please tell me where you call home.  sorry, no comment now. oh .  so which pokmon are you competing with today .  sorry, no commen oh.  and you, excited for the competition .  we've got a lot of shy people here.  oh, boy .  nothing makes a man's heart beat faster than a beautiful face .  yahoo . uhoh.  here we go again.  piplup .  you're a case study in magnificence .  brock likes her .  my heart is overflowing with passion like a volcano.  ah, the miracle of being able to gaze into your beautiful eyesdon't start .  i've got no time for this .  oh, alas the painful sting of rejection, stinging more than even croagunk.  ing ) your attention please .  it is a competition requirement that each and every "sinnoh pokmon hustle" contestant is kindly asked to store any extra pokmon safely in our refreshment room throughout the course of our exciting competition.  now our director will tell you what's on the menu in the refreshment room.  we're serving old gateau and lum berries .  place your pokballs in these lockers and a staff member will soon transport them to the refreshment room .  of course we're storing ours as well .  voila .  boy, they've thought of everything .  sure have .  so let's give 'em our pokmon, too .  sounds like a plan .   come on, me too .  cool .  we're not only tagging a new team rocketeer, we're fingering some fab new pokmon .  i'm so full of brilliance, it's scary .  r . bigfoot .  . monstrous as can be . uhoh .  . he's bigfoot the monster,he listens to me . x walk bigfoot.  . i've got a monsterhe'll rock and he'll roll .  . bigfoot .  bigfoot the monstercomes with remote control and rechargeable batteries,other batteries not included.  the "sinnoh pokmon hustle" will now begin .   the winner of our competition receives unlimited travel privileges throughout sinnoh in our beautiful balloon .   well, there's a big duh.  they'll be joining team rocket,after all.   hey, what do you think you're doing .  stop it .  all right, cut .  sorry about that.  you'll be sorry .  i'm the one who's sorry.  my sound man isn't exactly the sharpest tool in the shed.   sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry...  if you're angling to hit people on the head in an unemployment line, keep it up, bub .   let's begin with stage one .  you'll need to cross these logs with your pokmon.  but be extra careful, )