 take over the reins at my main noodle shop .  let's seethe noodle king...  i've been promoted to shop manager, and business is booming .  that's what i'm talking about .   well, not us . huh .  meowth just happens to be part of our team .  it's meowth's job to manufacture machines, plus the care and feeding thereof.  man, but what a waste of artistic talent.  hold the phone .  my favorite joints are noodle shops, and yours rock .  but i would never do anything to inconvenience or dishonor my dear mentors, jessie and james .  oh, great, oy vey .  man, those noodles were the best .  it's a chain restaurant.  if we see another one, let's go .  what could that be .  listen, twerps outside the bowl .  we're bringing goodies and ready to roll .  noodles . and broth .  with a lot of soul .  eat in, take out, your call .  either way, you'll have a ball .  delights to please the tummy and eye .  the more you eat, the more we makegive us a try .  jessie . and james .  meowth's the name .  placing those noodles on your plate .  we're team rocket .   ain't we great .   you've lost it this time.  teach that twerp a lesson . yes'm .  go, noodle nabber .  pikachu, break free with thunderbolt .  pikachuuu .  you knew we were going to get zapped, so why didn't you prepare for it .  the nerve, a needless waste of food .  so next time we're in the kitchen, you do the cooking, honey, and i'll do the dishes .   we're blasting off again .  i still don't like seaweed.  lost because of another dumb idea from james.  perish the thought .  this fiasco was formed from meowth's madness .  huh . point taken.  the idea was good, but the execution stunk.  no use crying over spilled broth.  our time's better spent training our talents on toppling those twerps .  well, count me out.  the only talent this team's got is getting our clueless clocks cleaned by a bunch of babbling boneheads, and you know it .  i'm going back to that shop and training to become a noodle master .  but what about conquering the sinnoh region while climbing the corporate ladder and finally enjoying the financial fruits of our labor .  stop with the double talk .  meeting up with christopher was kismet .  destiny's calling me to do the thing i do best, and that's slicing and dicing .  so take it slow and i'll catch you later.   all right, we never should've said that exploding electrically vulnerable noodle nabber was all your fault, so you win .  but please... we're still a team.  not anymore, losers . meowth, wait .  james, stop... meowth has to be meowth, and if that means hacking hoards of noodles in a nifty noodle shop, who are we to argue with success .  but...  it's not the same when 1/3 of your team flies off to fortune and fame.  2/3.  quitting team rocket will be good for me, too.  what .  time to give top coordinator jessilina the fulltime shot she truly deserves .  jessie, are you mad .  james, you should give this some thought.  you do come from a filthyrich family.  and what about that fianceinwaiting .  but we've worked so hard to make our dreams come true.  all dreams come to an end eventually.  huh .  ahh .  and the end of ours is now.  i'm outta here .  so the first time the going gets rough, you spin your way out of it .  loser .  a quitter never wins .  i'll rise so high on the team rocket ladder of success, you'll need a telescope to see me .  ah...  that looks just like meowth...  and there's jessie .  i wonder what those two scamps are up to right about now.  bah.  when it comes to playing the tough guy, i talk the talk but balk at the walk.   why don't we stop here for the night .   sure.  huh .  that screechingit's the twerps .  hey, did you hear about the differently colored metagross .  what about it .  there were a bunch of trainers at the noodle shop talking about how it appears on the rocky mountain, and it's not that far from here .  i wonder if the strange coloring on a rare metagross like that has anything to do with the rocky mountain's environment.  a rare find like that could wind up making me a fortune .  i'll just catch and give thatoffcolor pokmon to the boss .  so there's no time to waste .  life is good .  i say if that metagross is really that rare, let's go check out that rocky mountain tomorrow, first thing.  that might not be such a good idea.  why not, dawn .  apparently, that metagross is really aggressive.  see, everyone who's ever tried to catch it winds up getting seriously hurt.  well, i've heard that metagross have such incredible calculation abilities, they're almost like walking super computers.  hmm, i still wish i could see it, though.  pikachu.   that oneofakind metagross must be just up ahead.  off we go .  so i saidhey .  is somebody climbing up metagross mountain .  he must be out of his mind .  if i rustle up that rarity and tell the boss its capture was a triple team effort, we'll be his board of directors, for sure .  if jessie and meowth were faced with that kind of success, they'd return in a heartbeat .  well, get ready .  . trio meansbatcave building power .  the trio building systemlets you build the ultimate trio batcave . yeaahhh ...  then rebuildyour trio batcave .  and face off with the jokerbotand the batcopter . yeahhh ...  trio batcave can bebuilt as shown.  other accessoriessold separately.  r cs35with red darts. only at targeteparately.  ks ] .  .  .  .  the van beckons...  like no van before.  the lushly appointed,allnew honda odyssey.  style and grace, with "triple winner" written all over my face .   that's impossible.  what did you say .  well, of course it is .  no way anyone could come back unharmed after battling that rare metagross.  at least they weren't talking about me.  getting a few bumps and bruises would be considered lucky.  i've heard of trainers vanishing after battling that metagross.  oh, that poor guy.  another naive trainer thinking he can catch a metagross.  i remember he had that big red "r" on the front of his shirt.  what .  big red "r" on the front of his shirt . )