 magmar, stand by for battle .  magmar .  regirock, i need your assistance .   regirock .   regirock, the rock peak pokmon.  regirock's body is made of rock, and if something chips off in battle, it attaches rocks to repair itself.  so brandon starts with regirock, just like he did with my brother.  i remember paul was watching.  of course, that was back when my pokmon and i were defeated by brandon.  paul was a new trainer and had just gotten his turtwig.  he had gone to kantoduring his sinnoh journey because he wanted to watchmy battle.  i had already gonefrom league to league, and i felt ready to challengekanto's battle frontier.  so to becomea frontier brain, i had one more challengei needed to face, and that wasa battle against brandon.  but...  we lost without defeatinga single pokmon.  no .  you challenged me, and i truly did enjoy our battle today, but the fact remains that your battling style is little more than neatly put together .  now where is your true inner strength .  wow, what about my inner strength .  hmm...  so t reason paul's so obsessed with power is because of what happened to reggie.  all right, i can handle anything you bring, because that's my battling style .  magmar, return .  return .  what's with paul .  they haven't even started .  paul must have decided that his firetype magmar wouldn't be strong enough against brandon's rocktype regirock.  hariyama, stand by for battle .  hariyama .   hariyama, the arm thrust pokmon.  hariyama can send a truck flying with its powerful arm thrusts.  a fightingtype.  that's a good choice.  let's begin.  stone edge, now .  quick, block it .  you know rocktype moves won't have much effect on hariyama .  is this a test .  you'll have to see .  arm thrust .  ri .  hari, hari, hari .  hold it down .  oh, no . now, shock wave .  even after damage from the arm thrust, regirock has that much power .  force palm .  usfocus punch .  hari, hari...  it's unable to battle .  that regirock's tough.  what power . pika .  i remember climbing this, happily hunting for untold treasure .  let's do it again for the good times .  there was nothing good about the first time.  say, let's do a temple trek.  by the time we finish traipsing to the temple, i'll be too old to remember why .  well, i suggest a battle between you two to decide our preferred course of evil action.  hey, don't you have an opinion .  at the risk of bragging, nope .  mime, mime .  all right, the fate of our future plans is in our hands .  i've got paws .  to the temple if i win .  to the pyramid if i win .   rock, paper, scissors, shoot .  bet i make you look .  electabuzz, stand by for battle .  electa .  why choose an electrictype .  of course .  it makes total sense paul would do that .  brick break .  i knew he was gonna use brick break, too .  well, brandon's regirock is a highlevel pokmon and paul knows it, so of course he's got to use an attack that'll be a powerful match.  stone edge, go .  protect .  even protect wasn't strong enough .  now, hyper beam .  i can't believe how easily he took out paul's electabuzz.   pika .  good, regirock, return .  after using hyper beam, a pokmon can't act right away, so it's good he's making an exchange now.  registeel, i need your assistance .  registeel.   registeel, the iron pokmon.  because registeel's body has been tempered by underground pressure for thousands of years, its body cannot be scratched.  a registeel.  magmar, stand by for battle .  magmar .  firetypes have the advantage over steeltypes.  use flamethrower .  mar .  a direct hit . pika .  but how .  it must've had an effect, but it's hanging in .  use iron head .  block it and then willowisp .  magmar.  magmar's scared .  where's the willowisp .  iron head may cause opponents to flinch and then it prevents them from attacking.  now, nidoking, stand by for battle .  nido .   nidoking, the drill pokmon.  one swing of its mighty tail can snap a telephone pole as if it were nothing but a matchstick.  nidoking is a poisontype, but i thought poisontype moves don't work on irontypes, isn't that right .  that's true, but nidoking is also has groundtype moves, which are effective on irontypes.  we'll have to wait and see which moves he calls.  use flash cannon .  earth power, now .  well, that's some impressive strength.  double kick .  whoa, a hit like that and registeel's still up .  now use thunderbolt .  iron head, go .  nidoking's out now as well .  it was a good attack, though.  all right, what's wrong .  and here i thought you wanted to beat the man who defeated your brother .  the truth is it's only because you defeated reggie that my victory over you will have meaning.  the challenge you always present to trainers to find their own strength was something my brother wasn't able to do .  but i'm not like my brother .  my will gives me strength.  and now you'll see it first hand .  no .  all wrapped up in the past.  but why then do you walk the pokmon path in the first place .  tell me, why do you battle .  now, lairon .  stand by for battle .  lairon .   lairon, the iron armor pokmon.  it digs up iron ore for food, and smashes its steely body up against others in battles over territory.  registeel, return .  regice, i need your assistance .  iron defense .  does that...  right, it increases defensive power.  yeah, paul wants to hang in there and look for a chance to counterstrike.  ice beam, go .  what the...  zap cannon .  man, lairon didn't even get to attack once .   pika .  ursaring, standby for battle .  use hammer arm .  focus punch, go .   pika .  now focus blast .  zap cannon .  whoa, what happened .  zap cannon always paralyzes its target if it hits.  why isn't paul switching .  now, regice, return .  regirock, i need your assistance .  regirock again .  use stone edge .  ursaring, return .  paul had already given up on ursaring.  he didn't give a single command.  now, magmar, stand by for battle .  magmar .  paul's last pokmon.  not only is it a bad matchup, regirock is just too powerful.  it's almost over.  now, flamethrower .  mar .  shock wave, let's go now .  mar...  mag...  paul lost.  after all that .  young man, this battle of yours, was that your true battle .  you've done an excellent job raising and training your pokmon, but you allow your emotions to betray you on the battlefield.  we will battle again one day, when you've learned to control them.   rock, paper, scissors, shoot .  bet i make you look .   rock, paper, scissors, shoot .  bet i make you look .   twerps .  you can expect to see me at the snowpoint gym.  great, paul .  i'll be looking forward to it.  so, zoey, i guess it's our turn next, right .  huh .  akiaibattle with you and me .  let's get going.  you bet, ms. senior .  and much good luck with your next contest, dawn .  thank you .  piplup .   okay, everyone, see you around .   see you, dawn .   byebye, zoey .  good luck .   take care .  hey, paul .  do you think there's any chance that you and ash could treat us to a full battle at some point .   me and paul .  you two .  interesting idea .  let's set the time and place and agree to meet again .  that's bound to be a battle guaranteed to raise the level of both of you, of that there can be no doubt .  yeah.  great, i'm in .  i'm in, too.  reggie, what about the time and place .  exactly ten days from now, at the pokmon center near lake acuity .  and so, one wonders what paul has taken away from his battle with brandon and how that mightaffect the upcoming full battle between ash and paul.  you'll need to stay tunedfor the answer, and patiently waitten days in the process.  brandon .  something terrible hashappened at the temple .  oh, no .  captioned bysoundwriters yusei, voiceover: you beat me once jack, ..  : you'll never win this duel yusei.  yusei: you sure are sure of yourself.  ..that i'm going to beat you.  ..bring it on.  you got it jack.  junk warrior send'em to the scrap heap.   yusei:.  it's my trap: shadow spell.  and with it i'm going to finally put an end to your unbeaten streak yusei.  now mad archfiend, attack.  uh.  .  uh.   ..just lose..  jack: he did.  and do you know why our friend just lost.  because his deck has no balance.  and without balance.  one cannot be a complete duelist.  but you know that already don't you yusei.  captioning made possible by4 kids productions  going fast makes me feel alive    my heart beats in hyper drive   only if i lose    just let destiny choose    i can hear you breathing    i can see you coming    i can feel the wind, it's blowing me around    take a shot at me runnin' side by side    it's a blur as i go by    i can hear you breathing    i can see you coming    i can feel the wind, it's blowing me around    see the sun arisin'    fire in the sky    greatness thrusts itself into our lives   jack, voiceover: ahh,now this is the view that i was alwaysmeant to have, even if i did have to doublecross a few friends to get it.  hmmph, and to think that it was only a few years ago that i was living amongst the losers and garbage of the satellite.  ..  ..  i wonder if yusei still misses you.  goodwin: quite the view isn't it jack.  still thinking about your days in the satellite.  im done thinking about that dump goodwin.  that's good jack.  because dwelling in the past can sometimes cost you your futur and we've worked too hard to let that happen.  now shouldn't you be focusing on your match this eveninghmm.  i'm plenty focused goodwin.  you don't have to worry about me dwelling on the past.  cause if i had my way, the satellite would've been destroyed years ago.  i understand how you feel.  but the satellite plays a valuable role in our society.  everyone has been given a role in life. those from the satellite exist so that the chosen may prosper.  they keep our city functioning by recycling what the chosen discard.  without the satellite, new domino city could not exist.  glamorous a role it is not, but a necessary one for everyone's survival.  but you know that already don't you jack.  how silly of me to give a history lesson to someone who experienced it first hand.  now leave your memories of that place where they belong.  it's time for you make new ones.  you're right.  ..  ah.  ah.  yusei.  that's your best time yet.  you think it's gonna be fast enough to get you to new domino city.  it better be.  i just know it's gonna work.  i hope you're right.  time me again.  goodwin: jack you're a part of new domino city now, and the only linkei fudo.  ..  ...that we're taking every precaution to keep that link buried.  when when call.  she'll cry when you don't let her borrow the car.  but now is one time she won't shed a single tear.  as gentle to the eyes as pure water.  johnson's no more tears baby shampoo.   announcer: summers are great, but kids can lose 21/2 months' worth of what they learned in school.  don't let them fall behind.  call sylvan at 1800educate.  sylvan builds lasting skills, habits and attitudes for lifelong success.   in just three hours a week over 12 weeks, youwillsee results in your child's reading or math performance, improving one grade level, guaranteed.   announcer: to learn how sylvan helps your child succeed in school and in life, call now for this free informational dvd.  call sylvan at 1800educate.to.  finding everything okay.  i work for a different insurance company.  my auto policy's just getting a little too expensive.  with progressive, you get the "name your price" option, so we build a policy to fit your budget.  wow. the price gun.  .  wish we had this.  we'd just tell people what to pay.  yeah, we're the only ones that do.  i love your insurance.  bill.  tom.  hey. it's an office party.  the freedom to name your price.  only from progressive.  call or click today.  our turn.  nervin: i'm thinkin' a cheeseburger with bacon and extra onion rings.  ooooooooh.  don't forget da french fries and an extra thick milkshake.  good one.  or lemonade.  tank: mmmmmmm.  but nothing beats dipping hot french fries into a cold chocolate shake.  it really brings out the flavor.  oh, i can dream about it.  ..ya think we'll ever taste a real cheesebuoooooaaaahh.  .  i fell.  ..it's actually called a trip.  heh.  it looks like he scuffed up your shoe real bad.  whatta ya tink he should do about it.  hee hee hee ha.  how 'bout he buys me a brand new pair a' kicks and we call it even. )