  hey, wait, dawn.  mom, it's me, i'm home .  boy, i'm starving, got anything to eat .   mymy dear, you're home earlier than i thought.  please come in, ash.  and, brock, it's so nice to see you.  now you both just make yourselves at home, and welcome to twinleaf town.   wow, thanks very much.  pika .  ah, course you must be dawn's partner piplup, right .  pip, piplup.  nice to finally meet you.  piplup, lup.  pip, piplup.  lup.  piplup, piplup.  pip, piplup .  ms. johanna, all the rooms are ready.  great, thanks, noelle, that's wonderful.  noelle, i didn't know you were here.  i came over here to take ms. johanna's pokmon coordinator class, we've been here a week.  bello, bello, bello.  you look great.  you must be enjoying your journey.  mmhmm, see . look here.  i'm working on my fifth and final ribbon.  i'd say someone's working hard.  my name is brock, budding breeder extraordinaire.  of course, the world's greatest pokmon breeder would be considered quite a catch.  so you're a budding coordinator, eh .  bello...  and dearest noelle, since the cupid of love has mischievously brought us together, i now ask for a lesson in love only a coordinator can give...   is it me, or are two attacks actually stronger than one .  my, my, my...  whoa, look at all these cool trophies.  yeah.  remember, my mom used to be a top coordinator.  of course, she doesn't enter contests anymore, but she gives a class to coordinators who'd like to learn her techniques, and she'll even have contest battles with them as well.  i'll tell you, dawn, she's awesome.  and my dream is to become a top coordinator, just like mom was.  hey, i know .  mom, will you have a battle with me .  huh .  please, mom .  let's see...  wow, piplup, this is our chance to show mom how hard we've been working.  pip, piplup.  it's a deal.  all right, i'll accept your challenge.  yay .  but before that, i made a few of your favorite dishes while i was waiting for you, and i think you should all eat it while it's still warm.  does that sound good to you .  and how .  pika, pi.  see, i've been kinda running on empty.   excuse me, noelle, but would you mind taking ash and brock and showing them their room upstairs now .  no problem.  great, thanks a lot.  thank you so much, noelle .  isn't she lovely . isn't she wonderful .  maybe sometime in this century, goldeen, please .  hey, folks, time to strap on the underwater feed bag.  a whole day's angling and not a single bite.   these old rods couldn't catch a cold.   you're not talking about my old rods, are you .   yo, mr. sayer, sir.  no, no, we were talking about some old clods.  so how about the goldeen .  don't tell me you haven't caught any yet.  but we're close, see .  when the top of my head starts to hurt, i know they're going to bite.  idiots .  we'll have our goldeen scooping game or no festival.  so start catching .   yes, sayer, sir.  why do we always get to be the festival goldeen grabber goons in the first place .  let us not forget that festival employment is employment nonetheless, and if we don't start filling the team rocket pocketbook, our operations will soon be kaput and we'll be out of a job.  perish the thought.  so here's to us keeping team rocket afloat.  and here's to patching up the old, leaky team rocket boat.   wow, let's eat .  so, dawn .  so good.  yeah, good call, dawn.  i've got to tell you, there's nothing that beats the taste of some real downhome cooking after being out on the road.  so, brock, dawn tells me you're quite an accomplished chef yourself, you know.  that's great.  thank you, but i think it's a case of simply doing it all the time.  dawn, look behind you.  look at glameow and umbreon.  see how they're enjoying brock's pokmon food .  and they're usually such picky eaters.  it just goes to show you that a great people chef can be a great pokmon food chef at the same time.  well, my dream is to become the world's best pokmon breeder, so i appreciate the kind words.  and you will be, i'm sure.  wow, you think .  thank you, that's so nice.  brock, it would be wonderful if you'd give me your pokmon food recipe.  me ..  absolutely, noelle, but wait, there's more.  if you act now, i'll also reveal to you my secret recipe of love, chockfull of sugar, spice and everything nice.  it's a recipe that comes straight from my heart, and we'll make it together as we first cook over high heat, and then let it simmer...   flame off again.  bello.  oh .  so you're staying at dawn's house.  right.  see, i'm gonna be training here in twinleaf town for a while.  remember, ash, johanna is very talented and was a top coordinator in her day.  i'm sure there's a lot you can learn from her.  training here, training there means training well anywhere.  my point being the best way to train and learn about pokmon is wherever you are and to have fun doing it.  that's amazing .  the poetry man even gives you great advice wrapped up in a poem.  now, now, dawn, it's impolite to address professor oak as the poetry man.  it's no problem at all, johanna, really.  by the way, thank you for doing what we asked.  forget it.  i'm looking forward to it, if the truth be told.  looking forward . forward to what .  professor oak is going to attend the twinleaf festival as our special guest.  that means i get to see you soon, right .  that's right, my boy.  hi, honey.  you look wonderful, ash, glad to see you're well.  hi there, mom.  i was just bringing the professor fresh herbs, so this is perfect timing.  how nice, mrs. ketchum, hello.  i'm dawn's mother, johanna, pleasure to meet you.  well, thank you for welcoming ash into your home.  now, if starts to act up or misbehave, please feel free to scold him as much as needed.  aw, mom .  ash, dear.  i realize your journey has taken you far away from me, but i have no doubt you're becoming a fine young man.  but since he's always been a rambunctious young man, johanna, please.  a bit of a scolding never hurt anyone.  hey, mom .  pika.  i've gotcha .  eureka .  a biter .  it's a barboach.  hey, looks like a bunch of bites... a finneon .  it's a bitefest.  heaveho .   wow, a whiscash.  don't you see if it's not goldeen we're grabbing, then we're just wasting valuable rod time .  now you make sense.  back in the drink.  a crawdaunt we don't want.  hey, we don't need no stinking remoraid.  fly in someone else's face, feebas.   they're blasting off again .  . .  . .   cinnamon toast crunch.  part of this good breakfast.  crave those crazy squares.  happiny.  hap, hap, hap, happiny.  hap, happiny.  hap, hap, happiny.  happiny.  brock, you are such a big help.  and i had no idea you have a green thumb as well.  it's amazing.  odd jobs happen to be what i do best.  hap, happiny.  now you two just leave everything to me.  i'll have your garden in perfect shape for you in no time.  happiny.  ms. johanna, why don't you leave the garden to brock, and you and dawn can battle .  that's a good idea.  how does that sound to you, dawn .  that sounds great, thank you, mom.  awesome, buddy, they're finally gonna battle.  pika, pika .   johanna .  huh .  we're really sorry to bother you while your dawn is at home, but might we have a word with you .  sure, how can i help you .  the problem is i asked them which food stall should be placed near the pokmon battle ring, which, of course, is our main festival event, the octillery snack or altaria cottoncandy stall.  yes, we can't seem to decide which one should go where.  the octillery snack stall sounds quite nice.  but at the same time, we can't forget that kids really like cotton candy.  well, altaria cotton candy sounds very nice, too.  you think .  octillery snacks are really quite popular as well.  they've been going back and forth like this forever, and they can't seem to make up their minds.  i hear you.  then how about we do both the octillery snack stall and the altaria cottoncandy stall together, since i know there's still money left over in the festival budget, which would solve the problem by allowing us to have both stalls side by side.  both stalls .  that's what i call very nice.  perfect .  both it is then.  you were a great help, johanna.  see you later.  see, it's the first time the three of us are working as festival organizers, and there are so many things we don't know that we're more or less learning as we go along.  guess organizing a festival is challenging, to say the least.  so, what were we all talking about again .  mom, we were talking about having our contest battle.  lup .  right, the contest battle.   excuse us.  we're really sorry to bother you again, but now they can't seem to decide exactly where to build the two stalls.  they just keep going back and forth and back and forth.  the west side of the building is quite nice.  west .  do you really think so .  the east side is nice, too.  east side . you really think so, huh .  the south side is nice.   there are lots of other food stalls, so why don't the four of us simply walk around the festival site together and then decide which stalls should go where, all right .  can't tell you how great that would be.  i'll be back in a flash, so why don't you just relax, okay .  okay.  don't worry about us.  lup .  i guess there's nothing else to do except wait until mom gets back, okay, piplup .  piplup.  oh, well, that's the way it goes.  hey, i know.  pikachu, i got an idea.  let's go for a little walk and check out twinleaf town at the same time.  pika .  dawn, wanna come, too .  no thanks, i'll stay here.  piplup, what do you say we go over our battle strategy against mom .  lup .  okay, catch you later.  pika, pika.  pikachu, look.  sunflora...  the sunflora are chasing after the sunbeams.  pika, pika.  pika, pika .  pika .  pikachu, you okay .  pikachu.  it looks like lots of different pokmon are living around here.    psst, hey, you .  don't go that way, please .  who're you .  hi, i'm nathaniel, and i just put some honey on that tree the day before.  pika .  wow, a pikachu, right .  pika, pika.  mind if i hold it .  go ahead.  pika .  pika...  i really wanna be a pokmon trainer, but i can't 'cause i'm not old enough yet.  gotcha.  when i get older, i'm definitely gonna be a trainer, but for now, i'm trying to find and study as many pokmon as i can, and i do it every single day.  every day .  awesome, that's great.  wow, look at that.  let me see.  a heracrosshow cool is that .  wow, nathaniel reminds me of me.  wow, i can't wait to grow upand become a pokmon trainer.  'course i'm around pokmonall the time now, but you know, it's really a privilegeto be a pokmon trainer.  and just as soon as i'm old enough to get started on my journey, i'm gonna catch tons of bugtype pokmon.  oh, it took off.  pika.  so you like bugtypes, huh .  yup, love 'em.  cool. )