you people are you all right. yeah but why are you here. you were also worried about hotaru. yeah right. it was just sheer coincidence. butthese guys didn't come here for hotaru. what do you mean. and who are these guys. that mask i see so they're target is master. why are the hidden leaf here. please let that girl go. no. in that case. we'll take her back by force. shadow clone jutsu. super beast scroll. i'll take the one in the middle. you take the ones around him. we'll attack together. got it. butthese black ops are let's see how it goes for a bit longer we need to find out what their purpose is. master hidden jutsu: kirisame. what's with this rain.. it's a jutsu that eats away the chakra it comes into contact with. it's called the kirisame jutsu. why you. stop. don't be hasty. let's go. water whip. wood style. master. i need you to stay quiet for a while. what the hell are you doing.. naruto. wait. we are on a mission to guard that girl. please return her to us. yeah. give her back, you. you are anbu black ops from the hidden mist, and the one you seek is this man, correct. huh. anbu black ops from the hidden mist. i get it now so that means he is a utakata is a rogue ninja from the hidden mist and is listed in the bingo book. these men have come after him. so these guys aren't ninjas who are after her. they're after utakata. she has nothing to do with you. please release her. then we'll exchange her for him. no. that, we can't do. what.. that girl seems to be very fond of this man. if we hand him over to you, no doubt, she will pursue you. then we'll be in trouble. so we can't turn him over. thenneither can we if we resort to force, it may have major effects beyond this village, and erupt into a fullscale war. are you willing to go that far. the hidden mist. captain yamato. men of the hidden leaf i command this unit from behind the scenes. i am tsurugi, head of the hidden mist anbu black ops. it is certainly not our desire to escalate this into a war between nations. certainly, we can still negotiate. yes, i agree. you're let us meet. just you and i and utakata. understood. you two stay here. "rogue ninja's past" then until you complete your mission, we will postpone apprehending utakata. as soon as her safety is guaranteed, i will notify you. please keep in mind that should you go back on our agreement, war between our nations may be inevitable. i understand. hmm you guys are too much. i'll be doing things as i please. not likely. until our mission is over, you will remain with us. after that, it's all between you and the hidden mist. fine. tell me just what did you do in hidden mist village. thatis none of your business. my apologies. i want to speak to him alone. i'll wait over there. captain yamato. how did your talk go. oh, it went well. having a discussion. is it true that utakata is a rogue ninja. yeah don't give us trouble. return to the hidden mist. humph. no thanks. why would i go back just to get killed. the village has changed. we no longer have the practices that once gave us the nickname, "blood mist village. " but while things may seem peaceful, it is a delicate power balance between the five great nations. the importance of what you possess increases each year, and research into its use has also been stepped up. the village needs that power, so you certainly won't be killed. i don't trust anyone anymore. master please stop, master. my mastertried to kill me along with that thing inside me. i sacrificed myself for the sake of the village. i trusted my master's words and did as he bid. and he betrayed my trust he tried to kill me. what.. ththispower wait. stop. stop. no, utakata. he didn't harusame didn't try to kill you. it wasn't like that. that cursed deed he performed on you he was trying to separate it from you. he was trying to save you. like i'd believe such a story you've grown senile. i speak the truth my master no, that man used me and tried to kill me. and in the aftermathhe died. if you ask the villagers, they will say i killed him. utakata return to the village. then you will know that i am not lying. no thanks. then, we have no choice but to kill you. as you please. and i will do as i please. master. let her go. master. enough. never call me that again. understand. men of the hidden leaf, as agreed, we will retreat for now. let us pray that both our missions are successful. however, we will continue to keep watch over you. understood. farewell. scatter. oh dear now then, where do we go from here. it's best that we don't return to the tsuchigumo village. yes, you're right. if it's no longer secure as a ninja village, her safety is questionable. then it may be better to return to mount katsuragi and rethink our stance. i also wish to go back. i want to make sure tonbei is all right. although, the ones after the forbidden jutsu may also go back to katsuragi, so it may not be safe either. let's join up with tonbei and sakura, then decide on our course of action. utakata, you too. are you all right. uhhuh i wonder why he doesn't want me to call him "master. " utakata is a heinous criminal who killed his master and escaped from the village. just what happened between sir utakata and his master. we don't know what the relationship is between utakata and the hidden mist. but that's not important. if you've already decided you want to be his student, then who cares. it matters. i want to become strong. in order to restore my clan's honor. that's why i want to learn from him. i can tell. you want him to teach you hands on, right. it's not like that well, i felt the same way too. i don't have any memories of my parents. huh. so maybe that's why when i traveled with the pervy sage i wondered if that's what it felt like to have a parent. and i acted spoiled with him sometimes. but training isn't that easy. you have to think things through yourself, and learn the technique by yourself. otherwise, you'll never get better. if the pervy sage hadn't been there, i wouldn't even have realized something that basic. we're not alone just the thought that someone is nearby, watching over us that alone makes us strong. i understand how you feel. i envy you, naruto. just like you, i'm going to think of sir utakata as my master and heyyou look pale i'mokay hey. you're burning up you're hurt. is it from that fight.. captain yamato. i'll see to her. can you go and get some medicinal herbs. the dokudami plant should be abundant around here in the moist areas. it has heartshaped leaves which are purple underneath. the leaves are purple underneath, right. all right. what's wrong. hotaru is injured let us be. all right moist areas i guess i should search by the riverbank. there. that's gotta be it. huh. what the hell.. this is a chameleon plant. aw man, there were lots of 'em along the way. damn it. i wasted so much time. what the hell is this. the forbidden jutsu of the tsuchigumo clan it was engraved into this child's very own body. how could they do such a thing. to hell with forbidden jutsu to hell with the clan to hell with one's master. and all these selfish guys who do atrocious things to those who serve them without a hint of remorse. they think of usas mere tools. toolswho don't speak. hotaru what is this, tonbei. so en no gyoja left behind a way to extract the forbidden jutsu. it is evident that our clan no longer has the strength to safeguard the forbidden jutsu. to prevent its misuse, we have no choice but to destroy the jutsu. destroy it. what'll happen to hotaru then.. next time on naruto shippuden: "heir to darkness" damn it. isn't there another way.. i see so sometimes, a handmade present is very effective. hey, sai. hi. has something come up. calling me out of the blue like this. it's nothing really then don't call me. but i drew this for you. will you accept it. huh.. don't you like it. no, it's not that well, actually it is but guess i'll take it if you insist. he made it for me, so i'll hang it up somewhere. huh. whwhat is this.. hey. hey. cut it out, will ya.. that sai he's done it this time. i wonder if naruto liked it. tune in again. )