lady tsunade. what is it. you haven't eaten at all today. oh, i didn't realize it was this late. is that work. no. just jiraiya's silly novel. oh.you mean the "make out" series. actually, no. this one's a little different. it's about naruto, sasuke, and the young generation of the leaf. it's actually a good read. i can't put it down. really. anyway, what would you like to do about dinner. i'm at a really good part right now. shall i have dinner brought to you. oh, i'd appreciate that. all right, it will be just a moment. okay.where was i. how do you know about my father. why would someone like you, from another village, want us to change the laws of the hidden leaf. our dissatisfaction is common throughout the shinobi world. if we first change the five great nations and its most influential village, the hidden leaf, the entire shinobi world will change. are you telling me you can change the laws of a village as great as hidden leaf village. yes. and that is why i want collaborators who will cooperate. is it them. you will suffice. follow me. all right. neji. don't go. wait here. i'm just going to hear what he has to say. no. i won't let you go. you just aimed for chakra points that would paralyze. yes. his life isn't in danger. hang in there for just a while. i want to see what he's planning, then i promise i'll be back. nneji. jiraiya ninja scrolls: the tale of naruto the herothe sealed power no need to worry about them. they share my views. we would like to present our report. is this about the disturbance involving the young siblings. yes. this is in regard to the cavein that occurred while we were fighting a few of the leaf genin. at one point, a monster that was nesting underground endangered the kids' lives. for a time, the leaf genin coldly put their mission first and left. leaf genin. so the accursed laws have found their way deep into the hearts of the younger generation. but it hasn't. they returned soon after to rescue the children, and us even though they had no ties. they were good people. at least, at that moment they were. i feel they can become a force that will rouse the future of shinobi. as for the hidden leaf as an organization, we'll probably have to see how they make their move. good work. i want you to continue your surveillance. that incident you were speaking of. was it about my fellow genin from the leaf. yes. what is your objective.. what are you trying to confirm. would you like to find out with me. like that man said. to see if those genin can become a force. that can rouse the future of shinobi. ddamn it. chakra points or whatever. it's sad that i can't move. if only i had more chakra, a jutsu like this would be easy to. dad. i've got this thing called the nine tails sealed inside me. and this is a huge problem. naruto. i once told you, remember. i split the nine tails in two and left half inside your mother and sealed the other half inside you. and the reason was. uhhuh. to save mom's life, because she's a jinchuriki. yes. but that wasn't all. huh.. i sealed the other half of the nine tails inside you because i had faith that you would be able to master the use of its power. the nine tails' chakra will become an immense power for you. as long as you can control it. but what's the purpose. of such a power. one day, that power will become necessary. when you are able to find something precious that you really want to protect. i guarantee it. something precious that i want to protect with its power. hey, you dumb fox. lend me your chakra again. use your chakra and turn my chakra points back to normal. what's the matter. why aren't you answering me, nine tails.. we'll rendezvous with team asuma and team kurenai here. this spot will be easy to sense. but. considering the time, teams asuma and kurenai have probably joined up. they should come looking for us next. even if it's just the two of us, shouldn't we head back to the village. lord fourth didn't choose us for this mission because of our fighting ability. he chose us merely because the younger we are, the harder it is for the enemy to use their jutsu on us. that's why he ordered us to return to the village immediately without engaging as soon as we scoped out the situation. oh. we still haven't identified the enemy and don't know how many there are, so it's bad to divide up our fighting power. then what about the others who went to save their teammates. a shinobi puts priority on the rules. and the orders given under the rules. we can't be swayed by compassion. guy sensei. neji. wait, lee. what are you saying. we have to find guy sensei. but searching blindly like this isn't. blind or not, i will find guy sensei. are you okay. get a hold of yourself. what. unless i'm doing something, i feel so uneasy and scared. and i end up thinking about all of the bad things that can happen. calm down. your perseverance is sure to pay off. you're right. it's okay. all i have to do is persevere. guy sensei. neji. well, kiba.. will we be able to join up with everyone. lee's started running around again. i wonder if tenten's with him. yeah, she's right behind lee. they're on the same team, but she must be going crazy trying to keep up with lee. true. what's neji doing. if neji's around, lee won't be able to do whatever he pleases. that's because. the thing is. i can't pick up on neji's scent. no, neji is there. near sasuke and sakura. is he alone. what about naruto. i don't see naruto. but.how can i put this. it feels like neji is inside something hazy. and there's someone next to him. are there any others. there's someone else lurking around sakura and sasuke. sasuke and sakura are our comrades from the hidden leaf. then see for yourself what they are really like. sasuke. be quiet. is it kiba and the others. fire style. phoenix flower jutsu. i had you pegged as a brat who can't stay still and loves to show off. oh well, i don't like to wait, so i guess we can start this. who the hell are you. you can think of me as a gatekeeper. i'm not letting you go any further. yes. we can't smell neji, but there's no mistake that there's another guy close to sasuke. if you can't smell him, how can he be seen with the byakugan. what does it mean. i don't know, but it probably means that the enemy is still detaining neji. there's no mistake. neji isn't trying to move out of that haze. then there's nothing we can do by staying here. hinata, lead the way. you got it. let's go. such annoying flies. want me to smash them with my fly swatter. the tip of the tail could be poisoned. guy sensei. neji. naruto and the team captains. what's the matter.. tenten. run. this is bad. what are they. they must be the ones who abducted guy sensei. we must capture them. we have to get away somehow, and move to a more suitable place for close combat. yeah, it's strange. lee and tenten's movements seem irregular. what do you mean.. it could be a coincidence, but lee and the others are heading to where sasuke is fighting. that's perfect. let's hurry over there too. right. don't underestimate me. if a kunai won't work. fire style. fireball jutsu. what the hell is he. is he human. "human.". that's so boring. i'm my own masterpiece. sasuke. this means.the poison. sasuke. it just happened, before i knew it. but killing one human means nothing. you dumb fox. why won't you answer me. shut up. nine tails. because it's impossible for you right now. what's impossible. in order to break the immobilizing jutsu applied to your chakra points, you need to be able to control a massive amount of my chakra. but at this point, you can't manage that. you don't know that until i try it. what. if that makes you mad, open up the eight signed seal and free me. then i'll consider it. dad's eight signed seal. that's something i can't do yet. summoning: toad mouth trap. pervy sage. wrong. lady tsunade. jiraiya has absolutely no idea. oh, you were just agitated because of jiraiya's novel. this is inexcusable. even if it's just a novel, you can't bend the truth. next time on naruto shippuden: "the rules or a comrade." there's no way sakura would be this meek. jiraiya ninja scrolls the tale of naruto the hero the rules or a comrade. tune in again. )