this way. are you kidding me. i can't believe this is happening oops. you okay. yeah. thanks, man. huh. you jerk. divine retribution for you. i'll kill that guy. okay, that won't do. damn him, damn him, damn him, damn him. sora. what have you done.. okay, okay, my bad. i'll kill him i'm definitely going to kill him. no, no, you'll receive divine punishment if you do. welcome back, lord chiriku. how are things progressing. sir. we have already sent shinobi monks to the remaining three hidden tombs of lord nauma, lord tou'u and lord seito. they are all the finest of fire temple monks and arrangements have been made for them to inform us immediately if something unusual happens. we have assigned several men to the search for the remains of lord kitane. we have also tightened temple security and are ready just in case something happens. then i suppose we can rest easy it took you guys long enough. sora. he's sure got an attitude problem. that jerk. we have returned. these are the people from the hidden leaf who came here in compliance with our request. hello. i'm captain yamato. and this is sakura, sai and naruto. from the leaf. that is indeed reassuring. that's right. just leave it to us. we are prepared to move out whenever necessary. either way, you won't have to until we hear from the shinobi monks. until then, please come this way. loneliness i wonder what they'll use the stolen bodies for. well, maybe they wanted the information the bodies held or perhaps summoning jutsu: reanimation. one. two. it appears the third one didn't work out. oh well their objective might be to use the body itself as orochimaru did. well, i doubt you'd come across a group that can use a powerful jutsu like that every day. no kidding. then the four ninja resting in those hidden tombs must've been really powerful. whwhat. they were remarkable shinobi. and most of all, they were good people. the tombs of nauma, seito, tou'u and kitane are located to the east, west, south and north with the fire temple as the central point. they were all members of the guardian shinobi twelve. the guardian shinobi twelve. i've heard of them. i've just heard the name. huh. are they famous. well, to those in the know, i guess they're well known. the guardian shinobi twelve was an organization comprised of elite shinobi gathered from within the nation to protect the feudal lord of the land of fire, you see. huh. but it's shinobi from our leaf village who protect the land of fire, right. yes, the hidden leaf village does protect the land of fire. but to be exact, a village is an institution to protect the land. it's not an organization just for protecting an individual feudal lord. then first, the feudal lord who is the apex of the land, must be protected in order to protect that land. the guardian shinobi twelve is an organization assembled with such a concept as its foundation. i was also young back then. i joined the guardian shinobi twelve, willing to lay down my life for the land of fire. then you were also. i used to be. incidentally, asuma also used to be a member of the twelve guardian shinobi warriors. what.. what.. asuma, huh. is he doing okay. yeah. he's good. he gave me some training advice the other day. oh i see. so that means this incident to you and to asuma sensei it means your friends' graves were violated, right. those four people lost their lives at a young age for the sake of the land of fire. within the guardian shinobi twelve a faction attempting to stage a coup emerged and that ended up dividing the twelve. a coup is an attempt to change a land into one's ideal notions even if it means resorting to a forceful approach. even i know that. people who radicalized the notion of wanting to protect the land of fire and who possessed extreme ideologies ended up emerging within the guardian shinobi twelve. that's right. in other words. they couldn't leave matters of the land of fire to the moderate hidden leaf village. they wanted to create a land of strengthened military force with themselves at the center or something like that. yeah, or something like that. that's unforgivable. naruto. keep quiet. right their plan was to break up the leaf village and turn that military force into an institution with the feudal lord at the center. it proceeded so far as to influence the feudal lord. and at the same time, they were making preparations to attack other lands. what did you say.. without making do with peace forged with a delicate balance among the five great nations, they waved the banner of a noble cause in which the land of fire would unite the world and total peace would be attained. that's so selfish yes war is war, no matter how splendid the song and dance may be. as expected, the feudal lord became aware of their radical thinking and the six people who staged the coup died. however, kitane, nauma, tou'u and seitoalso fell victim. i can't believe something like that happened. the four people of the hidden tombs were friends of chiriku and asuma sensei. for example, let's say our friend sasuke were to die and his body were to be stolen that's right. we can't forgive the people who stole kitane's body. yeah, it's unforgivable. it's the night training for the boy monks. it's that jerk, sora. begin free sparring. what is it. that's strange. what is it already. oh. i'm getting ticked off. bow. thank you. thank you. you hey, is it okay like this. are you screwing around. you're the one who's screwing around. i don't know if it's training or what, but this is like what you're doing. you jerk. you really tick me off. you're messing with me, aren't you. i don't really know why but you're making me angry. naruto. that idiot. your name's naruto, right. yeah. let me give you an even better one i'll give you a deeply moving posthumous name. posthumous name. naruto. it looks like you've finally gotten serious. you were strong back when you fought me like you are now. you really tick me off. isn't thisa little bit too intense. not again what's with this guy. his power's suddenly become ineffective. those eyes they're looking at sora. it's the same eyes. why are they also looking at you with those eyes.. that's enough, sora. i can't stop. i failed to give you a posthumous name. whoa. what're you doing.. i just thought i'd wipe off the sweat. cut it out. that's gross. hey, sai. what's a posthumous name. well, i guess it's kind of like a nickname. it's a name given to the dead. so it's like the nicknames you give people.. that means it's a sign of friendship, huh.. sora. hey. what is it.. lord nauma's grave site. beast wave palm. beast wave: palm hurricane. they're awesomeyour jutsu. is this also the wind change in chakra form. what're you doing here. oh i thought i'd give you a posthumous name too. fine give me a good one. sora. sora. soracchi. soran. soranchan. you jerk. don't mess with me. what happened in that temple. you'rean annoyance. yeah, people have kept thinking that about me since i was little. you, too right. then. what of it. yeah. people think i'm a nuisance. but something like that doesn't bother me at all. i'm the one who thinks i'm a nuisance the most of all. that's right my power is a nuisance. you but nuisance or not, i can't throw away this power. because i must have revenge on the one who killed my father. revenge.. it's a patrol bird. is it the hidden tombs.. naruto. where were you. sorry. there was contact from the shinobi monks who were heading for lord nauma's hidden tomb. it seems it was after the tomb had been broken into and the body taken away. say what.. at this rate, the other two will also be we're ready. let's go. i'm going, too. all right. all right. i'll pound those dirty grave robbers. we have received a message from the fire temple. it seems all of the hidden tombs have been violated by the enemy. they got us. so what's the present situation. team kakashi is on the way. what's the enemy after. so they were after the bodies of the shinobi chosen to become guardian shinobi twelve, huh. we know nothing about any developments regarding orochimaru and the akatsuki, so we're unable to fathom lord danzo's true intentions there are causes for concern everywhere. then we should start by dealing with what's within reach. next time: "a new enemy" )