autopsy room 3 shizune oyone kumadori what is all this ruckus.. the akatsuki has begun its assault. danzo is it true about the akatsuki attacking.. yes, the one who has attacked is pain, their leader who defeated jiraiya. you're saying that he has personally come after the hidden leaf, so soon after he killed jiraiya. yes they've been hunting jinchuriki hosts in order to accumulate tailed beasts. it's believed that in addition to the onetail of the sand, most of the jinchuriki have fallen into their hands. thentheir target is the fourth hokage's legacy naruto uzumaki. and yet, despite the danger, the fifth hokage is trying to summon naruto back. such a thing is like pouring oil onto a fire. yes if we keep listening to the fifth hokage the hidden leaf will be destroyed. what was that.. stop. you mustn't go outside. shikamaru. what's going on.. the akatsuki has entered our territory. kurenai sensei, can you step back. drop dead. get down. are you all right. i'm fine. but sensei, please use the underground tunnel and go to the evacuation shelter. i'll escort you part way. if anything should happen to you or the baby, i wouldn't be able to face asuma. shikamaru huh. where's naruto. can't you tell. heh. look carefully. naruto i didn't notice him at all. impressive look how far he's come in being one with nature. well, that's about it for this training. i gotta take care of some business. watch out, lord fukasaku. oww are you all right, lord fukasaku. jiraiyaboy's eyes were not wrong. that boy will become even stronger than jiraiyaboy. hey. hurry and get off me. you're heavy. narutoyou idiot. hidden leaf hospital choji. i brought you pills. thanks. what is.. oh, the pain my leg what is all of this. miss sakura. you're just in time. please take command. huh. what about master shizune. she's not here. oh, that's right. she's in the middle of the autopsy. there are so many wounded, even the medical ninja are in a state of confusion. we need someone to take charge and give us orders. take charge.. to be responsible for so many lives at a time like this, lady tsunade would here. why not eat this and just do your best. this is for the wounded, not me. if you're able to walk, please go to the evacuation shelter. shortly, many more seriously wounded will arrive. those who are critical will be red. if treatment can wait, they are yellow. and those with minor injuries are green. tag them with ribbons and separate them. yyes, ma'am. you'reamazing. i'm going back. you're in charge here. are you all right. can you breathe. what did i really lose that day. ano hi honto ni ushinatta monotte nan dattakke for the life of me, i can't remember. tou ni wasureteshimatta yo we slowly lost sight of each other in the twilight yuugure de futari sukoshizutsu mienakunatteitte and yet we're stuck here unable to go home. sore nanoni bokura kaerezu ni ita weak, frail souls lost in the world dokoka ni kowaresou na moroi kokoro we act strong to hide their fragility. tsuyogaru kotoba de ootte kakushiteru hide their fragility ootte kakushiteru so farewell, but even forced apart sayonara aenakunattatte our stories go on. bokura wa tsuzuki ga aru kara even in a world without you, i run. kimi no inai sekai datte hashiru yo to someday get past the pain. itsuka no itami mo koete koete someday power to believe all right. i will return to call naruto back. i'm counting on you. stop. leave naruto on mount myoboku. what.. we understand that it's the akatsuki's leader who has attacked our village. how did you find out. we heard it from danzo. moreover, they are after naruto's jinchuriki power. so what of it. the last time, we gave you the benefit of the doubt. but not this time. naruto is still a child. this is the assailant who brought jiraiya down. if naruto is taken and the ninetails falls into their hands wha.. what are you doing.. don't try to protect me. naruto, you too, stop. if you dieyour dreams, everything will be gone. humph i'm all right. enough. move. and run. until i become hokage i'll never die. i will avenge pervy sage. i can't just sit around doing nothing. howeveri guess i shouldn't wallow in sadness. my duty is to be a model for the next generation and to help them out. for that, i'd happily give my life. i can see that child truly loved and admired jiraiyaboy. i can't help but hope that he is the child of prophecy. for jiraiyaboy has entrusted his all to that child. yyou unhand us, tsunade. how dare you raise your hand against us counselors who do you think you are.. how long do you intend to treat him like a child. what.. the will of the hidden leaf has been passed on and it's growing. naruto is striving to surpass jiraiya this very minute. he's not a hidden weapon to be used by the hidden leaf as a deterrent to war. he is a ninja who has sworn to protect the hidden leaf he is naruto uzumaki. jiraiya, sarutobi sensei and lady chiyo of the sand all had what you two lack. do you know what that is. today, i am going to recite a poem i wrote. i want you to remember it when you go home. no thanks. i can't memorize stuff like that. couldn't agree more. hey. naruto. iruka sensei. that's all right, iruka. they have a point. ah ii'm sorry. let's see. i won't tell you to memorize the entire poem. nor will i expect you to understand its meaning. but when you are grown, i want you to think back and recall the words of this old man. it's about a way of thinking that is sure to be useful to you in your future, and concerns the will of fire. in the place where leaves dance the fire burns the shadow of the fire shines on the village once again, new leaves sprout. amidst this shinobi world created by us foolish old people i am glad that a person like you showed up the things i did in the past were nothing but mistakes butin my last hour, it seems i shall finally be able to do the right thing. the village hidden in the sand and the village hidden in the leaves. the future is likely to be different from the way things were in our time your mysterious power that kakashi spoke of that power is likely to alter the future greatly when you become a hokage like none before what sarutobi sensei and lady chiyo of the sand had, and what you two lack. that is the power to believe. in the same way that my grandfather, the first hokage, believed in you and entrusted the hidden leaf to you it is time for you to believe, and entrust to the next generation. do as you please. lady tsunade. did you learn anything. yes. this here. what is it. it seems to be a receiver for chakra signals. pain's corpse had these inserted throughout his body. a receiver.. according to what lord fukasaku said, all six pains had these stuck in their bodies and faces. does this mean that the six pains receive some kind of chakra signal through their bodies, and then take action. that part isn't clear yet. a receiver or they use it to transmit chakra to each other. something wireless also, this has definitely been activated. this must be connected to the secret of pain's strength. together with the data the interrogation corps gathers, we'll figure this out. according to the intel division, the enemy is looking for naruto. this enemy, who infiltrated the village, is undoubtedly pain. pain we must tell lord fukasaku of the situation in detail. messenger frog. when you go to summon naruto, relay this message as well. understood. shizune, take the data from the autopsy, collaborate with interrogation corps and figure out just who pain is. yes, ma'am. anbu black ops cell b will provide shizune with a protective escort. subsequently, you are to guard the interrogation corps. do not allow the enemy to get near them. yes, ma'am. i will wait for further news on the rooftop, and i will provide treatment for all the wounded through katsuyu. i will use all my power to protect the village. let's go. right. i must rush to lord fukasaku too. they are so useless. all they've done is grow old so tsunade persuaded them to her side instead but now, the ninetails can be kept caged up. i'll ask you once more. where is naruto uzumaki. go to hell. speak. is naruto uzumaki in this village or not. which is it. ii don't know this guy he sucked up the jutsu. then we'll have to engage in direct combat. summoning jutsu. starting now, attach yourself to every ninja and citizen in the hidden leaf village. take in my chakra and use it to treat all their injuries. it seems the village is in dire straits. never mind, just go. i understand. i will protect this village, no matter what happens. i swear upon my title of hokage. are you all right. tell me where the jinchuriki of the ninetails is or else, i'll kill you. this crest i see so he's from the akatsuki. speak up. naruto i have no intention of telling you anything. i see then i have no use for you. you create a loud diversion, so that you can investigate from the shadows, eh. kakashi. please take the wounded one and get away. leave this scene to me. roger. good luck, kakashi. now it's just the two of us. then i'll ask you. where is the ninetails. what you're doing is totally pointless. the people of this village are different from your average village. even if it means dying, there's not a single one of us who would sell out a comrade. pain displays his overwhelming powers by wiping out the leaf reinforcements. despite their efforts, the leaf ninja are gradually cornered. those who fight for the village and those who fight to protect their loved ones as they fight past their own limits, what possible strategy can they make. next time on naruto shippuden: "pain vs kakashi" tune in again. )