it looks like the boss took possession of the forbidden jutsu. take a look hotaru, isn't it magnificent. this is the power of the forbidden jutsu. the art we honed together. no i couldn't have no no. i i killed sir utakata. oh, come on this is a problem i don't need a vessel that comes with feelings. control now then, once more. this time, the tsuchigumo village. those worthless villagers incinerate them all. wood style jutsu. it's useless. hah. you see. you can't hurt the villagers. however, i couldn't care less what happens to people like them. this is the end. we got them. what.. benten.. how did you guys.. like this. the jutsu created by the four of you was quite formidable. but with just two remaining, you're no match for us. with this forbidden jutsu, i'll conquer small nations and make the five great nations tremble. nnot likely aas if i'll let you have your way. utakata. this is no time to be lying around. yeah we have to get hotaru back. hmph. don't know when to die, do you. do you want another taste of the forbidden jutsu. like i'll let you. shadow clone jutsu. go. don't underestimate me. wordbind jutsu, explode. utakata. get hotaru now, while there's a chance. i won't let you. wordbind jutsu, flame. what's the matter. is that all you have. no. you can't form seals now damn it. i'll pay you back tenfold. hotaru. you. you're activating the forbidden jutsu again.. it's not me. look at this my hands are bound. then what's going on here.. who knows. maybe it's from absorbing too much natural energy. stop it right now. and how am i supposed to do that with my hands like this. now then damn. hey. hurry up and stop it. the wordbind jutsuisn't working. this is what's wrong. it's getting worse. if it keeps accumulating the chakra from nature like this, it'll explode along with the entire village. what.. hotaru master and student damn it the revival of the tsuchigumo clan the wishes of en no gyoja after being forced to take on all the grownups' selfish desires, hotaru has finally lost it. shut up. what the hell would you know about hotaru.. all alone, she kept the forbidden jutsu safe. she happily offered herself for the sake of restoring her clan. she shouldered the entire burden by herself. but then she met utakata and although you tricked her, she met you, her senior. hotaru she was finally able to find a comrade. people she could share a bond with. and you crushed it. comrade. bond. don't give me that nonsense. i'm the same as hotaru. for the sake of the forbidden jutsu, they would sacrifice their student, their own son, without hesitation. saying it's what a ninja would do that it's the only way to survive. i went through it all until i got sick of it. that's why i went on the offensive. i killed my father, who had been my master, and i tried to steal the forbidden jutsu. what.. and you over there didn't you basically do the same thing. ii you're wrong. huh. my master always thinks about his student about me. no matter how far apart we are i can always feel his thoughts. he's in my heart every single minute. that's why i can believe in him. hotaru also has her grandfather and tonbei. and utakata your feelings should have reached her too. it exists deep inside her heart. even now, she yearns for her comrade, for her master for her bond. you don't know anything about her. don't talk like you do. dream on. wordbind jutsu. split. naruto. thanks shoot for now, i'd better fall back before the vessel explodes. hotaru. i'll bring shiranami back. i'm coming no. you're hotaru's master. stay with her. got it. hotaru also has her grandfather and tonbei. and utakata your feelings should have reached her too. my feelingsare within her. as well as within my heart that's right my anger had closed off my ears. but i did hear no, i did feel my master's thoughts. it was there. my master's thoughts they reached me, and yet utakata liveside by side with this power. i had sworn never to use your power again. but i beg you, help me, for hotaru's sake. hotaru i didn't want to hurt anybody and yet i hurt naruto and sir utakata. i'm right here. naruto and i are both alive. i hotaru. ii betrayed you, sir utakata. someone like me should disappear along with this jutsu. no. i will not allow that. a student should listen to her master. you said master we're going home, hotaru. what's wrong. no. no sir utakata please get away from me. please run. hotaru. i cannot suppress it any longer the forbidden jutsu is going to tear me apart and explode. it's all right. sir utakata believe in your master. so be it, destroy this entire village. eradicate everything. damn it. multi shadow clone jutsu. persistent bastard. wordbind jutsu, flame. fool. i'm going through. i'm not going to forgive you, no matter what. wordbind jutsu. slice. rasengan. what.. i've gotta take him to hotaru right away. what is that. hey. yeah master what a troublesome student you are. by the way, what happened to the forbidden jutsu. it seems to have disappeared. disappeared. but hotaru's safe, right. that's a relief. naruto sakura. well then, the mission negotiated between the tsuchigumo clan and the hidden leaf has been successfully completed. thank you for everything. the forbidden jutsu is no more. however yes. i think it was for the better. now lady hotaru will no longer be targeted. and the villagers will accept hotaru without reservations. but now are you going, after all. with utakata. i still have much more to learn. after i have trained with my master and become a ninja strong enough to help restore the tsuchigumo clan, i promise to return to this village. good for you, "master". are you toying with me. no, i'm happy that you've finally accepted your role as a master. take care of hotaru. well, everyone, take care. it's nice, after all having a master. now i kinda miss the pervy sage too. this is where i first met you, master. hotaru will you wait here for just a while. is something the matter. i'm going to meet with the anbu black ops from the hidden mist. i'm done running. i'm going to get their permission to travel and train you. no response, after all. did something happen to tsurugi and his men. the sixtails' jinchuriki host are you the ones who killed tsurugi and his men. i'm going to build a new world. and for that, i need you. rather, i need the tailed beast inside you. so that's it i'm taking yousixtails. hotaru youmust live shocking news suddenly arrives. the leaf ninja are shaken as they receive this unexpected message. people are left in disbelief, unable to cope with the situation. a sad storm is about to befall the leaf village. next time on naruto shippuden: "somber news" naruto. lady hokage has summoned you. tune in again. )