so here you are. narutoboy, every once in a while, you disappear. where do you go. wellnowhere in particular. i just wander around well, no matter. i want to practice merging starting now, so come down here. i wonder if they're okay. what do you mean. the akatsuki want me, right. i'm worried they will come looking for me in the leaf village. what kind of fool are you.. the hidden leaf has many fine ninjas. stop your unnecessary musings and concentrate on the work at hand. if anything happens, the messenger frog will notify us. all right. let's get on with this merging stuff. who could have imagined such destruction. what did i really lose that day. ano hi honto ni ushinatta monotte nan dattakke for the life of me, i can't remember. tou ni wasureteshimatta yo we slowly lost sight of each other in the twilight yuugure de futari sukoshizutsu mienakunatteitte and yet we're stuck here unable to go home. sore nanoni bokura kaerezu ni ita weak, frail souls lost in the world dokoka ni kowaresou na moroi kokoro we act strong to hide their fragility. tsuyogaru kotoba de ootte kakushiteru hide their fragility ootte kakushiteru so farewell, but even forced apart sayonara aenakunattatte our stories go on. bokura wa tsuzuki ga aru kara even in a world without you, i run. kimi no inai sekai datte hashiru yo to someday get past the pain. itsuka no itami mo koete koete someday mystery of pain this spells the end of tsunade's era. however, we cannot allow the akatsuki to take ninetails. so i have eliminated that possibility. we will lay low underground until the chaos dies down. shouldn't we be assisting. even if you should assume power, it would be meaningless if the citizens of the hidden leaf are dead. the princess is now hokage. as long as she can utilize katsuyu's jutsu, the entire village will not perish. certainly, there will be lives lost. but to me, that is a necessary sacrifice. in order for me to become the hokage i win. nothing tastes better than a drink of sake after work. no good. did you find out anything, tonbo. not yet nothing promising that is linked to pain. no trespassing today's corpse is light. it's a knack i got from years of experience. this one's a woman. the highest tower in the village where we always deliver these bodies you know what that's for. in a village like ours, isn't it usually where the ashes are enshrined. they were originally built as a memorial to honor the dead. if that's the case, why is it offlimits to the relatives of the dead too. like i care. what. stop acting arrogant. actually rumor has it that lord pain lives up there. really. that's something. but there's no way. it's just a rumor. a rumor never mind that. i'm gonna confirm it. just like you said. it's a woman. good work. oh, lady angel now quickly, bring the next one. inoichi is really amazing. he can see half this guy's day in a mere 30 seconds i can barely keep up. you fool. if you have time to talk, find something that we can link to pain. sorry for interrupting. it's me, shizune. lady hokage ordered me to come here. did you learn anything on your side. yes. i will explain immediately. the information i brought, along with the data you possess, will reveal pain's identity. summoning jutsu. each of the pains had black rods like this one inserted in their bodies. we believe this is the key to explaining their power. could it be that they use this to transmit chakra to each other. it's a similar ability to our clan's hidden jutsu. the forefather of all ninja, the sage of the six paths, possessed the legendary rinnegan. someone who possesses the same eye if such a person really does exist, then it wouldn't be a surprise, no matter what jutsu he uses. it seems they have shown up here as well. we will stop them. wind style: wind blade jutsu. lightning style: fourpillar trap. earth style buta futa. well. did we do it. all right. this completes the steps to sage mode we'll now begin the merge training. yyeah. so basically, you're gonna get on my shoulder, right. correct. while you move, i draw in nature energy. this is a training to hone that combination. now then, let us synchronize our breathing. okay aare you okay, old frog. sstrange let's try it once more. sage art: amphibian jutsu. it seems this is not possible. not possible.. i suspect that the ninetails inside you is rejecting me. no way. then what was all that training for.. what are we gonna do.. this beastis growing more heads. looks like a special type of summoning. rather than fighting the beast, let's find the one casting the jutsu. what should we do, lady shizune. as for them summoning jutsu. whwhat is that.. as i thought it's here. it seems i made it in time. lady katsuyu, thank you so much. yikes. forgive me, lady katsuyu, i'm just not used to you yet. it's quite all right. they are powerful summonings. everyone, please be careful. there's no mistake when i looked into the mind of that fellow from the hidden rain i saw her. but how could this be.. what is it. she was a corpse. and that dead body is now using a summoning jutsu. it was thought each of the six pains uses only one type of jutsu. but something's wrong. lord fukasaku said that the only one who was able to use summoning was the pain we did the autopsy on. what's going on.. the pain who was capable of the summoning jutsu has already been killed by lord jiraiya. inoichi. please give me more details. i might be able to figure this out. but in our current situation leave this place to the anbu black ops and me. get to safety. ibiki. let's hurry, inoichi. we must uncover pain's true identity. we'll head to the cipher division for the time being. have ino accompany us to assist your jutsu. got it it's me, ino. listen carefully. we are moving to the cipher division. let's go. we shall be your opponents. why don't you speak.. you're no fun at all. humph. if that's your attitude, then i shall make you want to speak. we'll deal with the dog. combination b. right. wind style. wind blade jutsu. lightning style. fourpillar trap. earth style, mud fall. lightning style. sixteenpillar trap. fire style. biscuit firing jutsu. summoning. iron maiden. summoning torture chamber. i'll loosen your mouth. and you'll tell usyour secrets. pain what a nice name. pain is the most reliable form of communication. let me feel your pain too yes pain does not lie. through pain, we are equals i will share your pain. and i will get to know you through pain. now show methe real you. now this oneisn't feeling any pain. andthis cold it's likea dead body. just what is this pain you speak of. the likes of you would never understand true pain. summoning jutsu. summoning jutsu. impossible. no, konohamaru. why didn't you run.. i made a promise, long ago that someday, i would fight brother naruto over the title of hokage. he is my rival. so i'm not choosing an escape route. because brother naruto won't be waiting at the end of such a path. next time on naruto shippuden: "surname is sarutobi. given name, konohamaru." remember that. the documents are piling up. oh well, i have to cancel tonight's date. yeah right i don't even have a date. better get back to work ninja registration form ninja registration form a lot of this hasn't been updated. oh, wow. they're all so young. these are photos from their rookie nine days. and look at them now, in just a few short years. huh.. my goodness that child i have to ask kenzo to retake it. quitcopying such silly things. tune in again. )