all right, let's begin. everyone, in your positions. let's go. well, we'll get started too. why do you look so depressed. huh. i'm not depressed just disappointed that i'm not on the team that's going to battle this amazing crystal style user. hey hey we're chunin now. i understand you wanting to fight someone strong, but this isn't the time to be selfish. and besides, her henchmen are ridiculously strong too. really. please tell me all the details. yyeah sure. they were a ton of trouble can i listen in. sure anyway, they lay a smoke screen, which is a real pain. is it toxic. or just listen until the end. then will you just get on with it. oh, right. you two have never met before. sharp of you to notice, naruto. this here is sai. he came from the anbu black ops and he's sorta gloomy and depressing like he's missing something just a weird guy who's constantly reading books. naruto but he draws great. and he's pretty strong. and this guy is shino. umm shino is well, shino. you're shino aburame. you're the son of shibi aburame. you have participated in numerous missions relying on your skill in combat, as a bodyguard, and in search and seizure. you're a specialist in the secret jutsu of manipulating parasitic insects. right. hey, sai. how come you know so much. you've done your research. but i guess that goes without saying. after all, you're a former anbu black ops member. well, now that you know each other, we can be a team. naruto. my favorite foods are wild grass salad and winter melon. huh. i don't like foods that have a strong odor. i see. so what of it. since we're on the same team, we should know about each other. it affects our teamwork. shino it really doesn't matter what kind of foods you like. whwhat. naruto you really need to know more about me. because it would be strange if a newcomer knows more about me than an old friend. i guess i'm just not on the same wavelength as you guys. fourcorner sealing barrier gozu yes. what do you think about kabuto. i just don't like the guy well, forget it. after i get rid of the leaf, i can grab his ponytail and yuukimaru is simply a tool to control the threetails. why the hell am i feeling so irritated. damn it. let's go. i will accompany you, no matter where you go it's all clear. damn. i'm soaking wet. you're lucky you don't get wet, nurari. what is that. your pet. good work. all right shall we go with the usual strategy. yeah let's do it the usual way. we will proceed with the fourcorner sealing barrier. first, we'll locate the threetails and then move on to the sealing jutsu. i've already shown you the hand signs. ready. fourcorner sealing barrier search. all right, let's go right into the jutsu. this should do for now. we'll maintain this chakra balance, and slowly enlarge the opening. if the threetails is below the barrier, we'll get a reaction. ready. please wait a minute. if we continue with such delicate chakra control and the enemy appears we won't be able to oppose them. we won't have to fight back. you just concentrate on your chakra control. and believe that your comrades will take care of the enemy. i understand. ino. oh. are you all right.. how can i stay alert for the enemy. i don't even know if i can maintain this level of chakra control you'll be fine, ino. i know you can do this sakura chakra control is basic to us, right. you'll be fine, ino. you can do it, i'm telling you. chakra control is the foundation of medical ninjutsu. now, let's try again. get a fix on the opening. gently keep it very fine you've persevered too hah, don't belittle me. of course, i can do this. you got it. what do you. the strategy to capture the enemy, of course. like i told you earlier in that smoke screen, visibility is almost zero and as much as i hate to admit it, even akamaru's nose is useless yet the enemy knows our position and keeps attacking basically, we should avoid fighting inside the smoke screen, but no. that's just running away from the enemy, and will only make it harder to defeat them. that's why i said they're a nuisanceand i'm saying i figured out a way. lee, now that you're a chunin, you're using your brain as well. you're not just a workout addict. good job well then, why don't you tell us your plan. all right, the strategy is the strategy is. the strategy is. the strategy is it's guts. if we have the guts, there's no enemy we can't beat. huh. what's the matter, everyone. why you. keeping us in suspense. and that's all you have. quit fooling around. whwhat. what did i do.. i take it back. he's just a workout addict, after all. all right. let's go. right shino, how's it going over there. i need a little more time all right sai. basically, we'll keep the same formation that yamato used when he was captain. yessenpai. huh. oh right. you also came from there. huh. there. anbu black ops. the way they fight, they have no protocol to protect their comrades. but this time, we're fighting to protect our comrades at all cost. i want you to keep that in mind don't worry. having faith in my comrades i'm here because that's something i believe in now. hey, you're beginning to understand the place where someone thinks of you, that's the place you go back to that's right. there are friends thinking of you. that's why you can return to them friends who have faith in you i finally found the place where i can go back to. right, guren. he still doesn't understand the true meaning of thinking about someone. she is tricking him they're coming. anyway, i need to keep my distance from shino you won't get away this time. why you. i finally found the place where i can go back to. you've tricked yuukimaru into believing you're a friend. shut up. too easy. it's begun here they come. captain yamato. it's the smokescreen guy. so he's the vanguard well then. nice, captain yamato. wait, lee. leafwhirlwind. what. eat this. vanishing smoke prison. this is bad i told you. i'm going to backup lee. no. you may end up attacking each other this is the smoke screen kiba talked about he was right. i can't see in front of me. then rinji, we're ready anytime. how's his position. rinji. there's something i must do huh. hey, rinji. i can't sense anyone's presence how far does the smoke spread. is everyone else caught up in it. what should i do. lee a ninja never gives up, even if all his senses are shut down. yes, guy sensei if you recall your days of harsh training, this is nothing. we have something stronger than the five senses, the vision of the heart. the vision of the heart seize the enemy with your spirit sensor which you developed through unceasing diligence and determination. spirit sensor. wise words, guy sensei. all right. spirit sensor on. rinji. how can you change the strategy now.. i've got something through my spirit sensor. without rinji's power, this strategy won't what. what is that. what happened, kihou.. hey. damn where the hell is he. shadow dance. severe leaf hurricane. he did it. it's over. that guy. making us worry. that means only the enemy is in that smoke screen now. rising dragon control. what's going on.. damn it. our positions are totally reversed. just get rid of this damned smoke screen. it's not over yet right now, it's worse if we can't see. whwhat's happening. were these guys this weak. they're not much, these guys. i expected more of a fight. if this keeps up, i'll be treated like a useless ninja. and besides, her henchmen are ridiculously strong too. we can't stay like this, akamaru ththis is bad. let's run. akamaru. dynamic marking. whwhat is this.. it stinks. i can erase the smell. vanishing smoke prison. everyone, retreat. how did you know our position.. akamaru's dynamic marking is special. even your gas cannot eliminate the smell. you guys made a fool out of me eat this. fang over fang. you did it. we did it. oh well it seems there was role for me to play. i was a diversion so that he couldn't accumulate fighting power kakashi senpai read the situation perfectly. but this crystal style counter team multi shadow clone jutsu. the small fry can stay out of this. kakashi sensei. come at me with all your might. sharingan kakashi. unfortunately, i'm not the hotblooded type. where'd you hide yuukimaru.. that's none of your business. it's my fault that he went over to you guys. i won't let you use him like some kind of tool. i'm gonna beat you and rescue yuukimaru. shut up. as ifyou understand. damn. damn it. not yet. these guys require more chakra than the usual parasitic insects. and that's in order to bring down the crystal style user. that was really close. so, are they ready. if they weren't, i wouldn't have come. humph if it isn't the insect user. your jutsu is useless against me. your jutsu won't work against me. and that's because my insects are now resistant to your crystal style. what.. now the tables have turned. get ready. i won't let you get away now. next time: "breaking the crystal style" sorry to keep you waiting. hinata, have you been eating cinnamon rolls again. hhow do you know. my sense of smell has become outrageously keen lately. iis that so. you're amazing, kiba. but that's not always a good thing. if something's troubling you, you can talk to me. that's what a team is for in fact, it's caused me some problems. when walking around town, the smell of perfume makes me nauseous a barbecue place could be several kilometers away, but the smell makes me hungry anyway, possessing a superior power is like a doubleedged sword. other geniuses can understand this problem kiba that's. it's a kusaya. my payback for the way you ignored me earlier. whwhy you. kkiba, are you all right. i found a weakness in the most unexpected place. tune in again. )