oh. i'm glad you're here, bushy brow. everyone. now that i'm here, you have nothing to fear. hey. it's "we're here. " you are too eager. well, you can relax. you're as confident as always, but have you mastered the abcs of medical ninjutsu. what.. for someone who started medical ninjutsu just a tad before me, you sound pretty confident yourself. well sure. it's not as though i started yesterday. well, you need that handicap. after all, we're not equals, billboard brow. i haven't been called that in a while ino pig. what.. so their nicknames are billboard brow and ino pig. whatdidi. lady tsunade briefed us on the basics. but can you give us the specifics of the situation. well, there's a new development what's with him. let's do our best. what did i do. what were you writing. let's see it. yes we'll explain over there. there are four shinobi who can move freely inside a smoke screen. also, the big guy i fought, and then there's a crystal style user they were in the lake dealing with a tailed beast which we believe is a threetails. hmm that was included in our information. well, we'd better get started quickly so we can seal it. if the enemy takes possession of the threetails' fighting power, we're in trouble. there's one more thing a new development. naruto witnessed a child at the lake. and he says that child controls the tailed beast. no way someone who can control a tailed beast. furthermore, naruto later encountered the child with the crystal style user. what's their relationship. it seems they're quite close naruto says, "the crystal style user is the place where the child can return to. " just who is this child. the threetails doesn't have a jinchuriki not yet after all, we're dealing with orochimaru. maybe he's aiming to make that child a jinchuriki. it seems we have yet another troubling thing to deal with. regroup. we knew we had to deal with human foes, but no one said a thing about a tailed beast. no kidding. that thing caused a huge flood just by appearing. what the hell are they starting. but it's too late for us to run away. say, think of a way we can get out of this. we were lucky to make it out of that camp alive. i'm not about to give my life to some damned beast. we're counting on you, rinji. just how simple are these guys anyway. look, i'll work things out. leave the rest to me. just as i expected, rinji. where are you going. if you're going to report to guren, i'll go. i can't trust you well, how you feel is up to you. do you intend to betray guren. whether i forgive you or not depends on your answer contrary to what you believe, my loyalties are with guren. i wonderabout that this is just between you and me why do you think i'm here. i left a sickly kid sister back in the village in order to protect her, i need money. that's why i can't afford to lose my life here. what you make of my story is totally up to you. oh. you're up. where's guren. oh how about it. want to go back to lord orochimaru. will guren come with us. guren. she's just a sacrifice to lord orochimaru don't forget you belong to lord orochmaru. no. the place i return to is the place where guren is. move away from yuukimaru. what do you intend to do to him.. i'mjust disciplining him a bit. i'm the one who's gonna be in trouble with lord orochimaru if anything should happen to yuukimaru. i mustn't disappoint him. he wasn't able to even talk properly. i'm amazed at how much you've taught him. if you ever lay a hand on yuukimaru again, i'll show you no mercy. humph. well then keep a good eye on our test subject. are you all right. uhhuh. i'm going to stay with you, right. guren i don't want to go back to the hideout. can you believe that. she was so hung up on lord orochimaru and now it's the kid i hope it doesn't interfere with her mission i'm worried that she's getting a bit too attached to him. well, we'll just leave her to lord orochimaru. i want you to continue to watch her closely and make sure she's not up to anything. continue eh. i'd be happy to be the one reporting to lord orochimaru you. i've done many things for you as your spy. i posed as a convict at that prison and got accepted by those reconstructed men and sent you reports. that was dangerous work. even this job it's because i'm putting my life at risk like this that you're able to get the data you want. what are you trying to say. it's simple. i want you to value me a little bit more. you want to cut a deal. no such thing i've never considered myself to be your subordinate. i serve lord orochimaru. i just want lord orochimaru himself to recognize my efforts. at least here, in this location, i'm the one who can get kigiri, kihou and nurari to act. i have more fighting power than you. i mean, if you're the one who's killed by the hidden leaf first, i can rush to lord orochimaru and report it to him. all right, i'll let you see him. but if you don't keep your expectations realistic, you'll end up being destroyed now listen. it's going to get noisy outside for a bit. just be a good boy and wait here. what about you, guren. as soon as i take care of some business, i will come back. i promise. all you need to think about is resting your body. i'm okay. i feel a little better. no, not yet. you need to heal completely. umm i want to ask you for a favor can youfix this. i see rather than fixing this, i'll make you a better one. but i want to keep this one. this is the first flower you gave me oh right here, it's fixed. thank you. umm, you won't go anywhere, right. the place i return to is with you this is stupid just whatam i doing. naruto kakashi sensei what's the matter. what's on your mind. that guy. the strategy meeting has begun. what's keeping him.. she's always upset when it comes to naruto huh. what's the matter. did you find naruto. what do you plan on doing with that kid. why're you so worried about him. he's being used. he believes there's someone he can return to but he's sure to be betrayed. when that happens he won't have anywhere to go. if wherever someone thinks of you is the place you return to theni'll keep thinking of him. then he wasn't talking about sasuke it may be important to think about people. but i wonder if things always go that smoothly. after all, everyone has different thoughts and feelings. that's not true. feelings always get through to others. naruto let me go over lady tsunade's orders regarding strategy and a change in team formation. the searchandaid mission to orochimaru's hideout is now over. sakura, hinata and ino you will be under my command. yes. yes. kakashi will lead the rest. right. our new mission is to seal the tailed beast, the threetails. and, to protect the child from the enemy. he seems to be connected in some way to this tailed beast. it is not just the akatsuki who covet the tailed beast. if it becomes known that there is a tailed beast that has no jinchuriki, other nations are bound to join the hunt. so that boy was brought here to turn him into a jinchuriki. right, naruto. huh. sai. huh. oh right you're a jinchuriki too, naruto. you always say things without thinking. still, you're right about what you said. sealing the threetails and protecting that kid that's so he doesn't end up like gaara and me, right, shizune. yes that's right. our goal is not to capture the tailed beast. even if we seal the beast, we will make it disappear into a space where no one else can touch it. that is lady tsunade's the hokage's will. all right. let's do it. butthe tailed beast has a huge mass of chakra, right. i don't see how we can put a seal on it. yes. it will take an extremely delicate amount of chakra control and concentration. sakura and ino both of you are training in medical ninjutsu. your experience will be very useful. and hinata umm, i have no experience in medical ninjutsu. what's important is your ability to control chakra. you may not know medical ninjutsu, but your mastery of the gentle fist and your byakugan, which can see the flow of chakra, will be useful. you will be fine. hinata, you're amazing. nno such thing i understand. i guess girls are better at delicate chakra control. yup, yup huh. but tenten how come she hasn't been chosen. all the girls are on the sealing team. i guess my chakra control is clumsy. ii didn't mean it like that. the rest of you will work under yamato and i to provide protection. i'm sure you've already thought about it but those guys who are after the threetails won't sit by and watch while we finish sealing the beast. they are bound to attack. those guys with the crystal style user. bring them on. how will we team up for this. yeah, about that i have an idea. c'mon, don't hold back. tell us. the most critical part of this battle is to stop the crystal style user. however, if we all confront her, the sealing team won't have protection so i'm thinking of splitting up this team into two, with one team focusing on her. naruto, sai, shino. right. gotcha. you three will work under me to fight the crystal style user. as for the rest yamato, you guys take care of them. okay, those of you who weren't called, gather 'round. he makes it sound like we're the rejects now, now let's go for it with the eagerness of youth. yeah what were you doing. isn't it obvious. i was reporting to kabuto about the movements of the leaf. andkabuto said he was going back to see lord orochimaru immediately. at a time like this. well, i guess he has lots of things on his mind. i see rinji huh. about earlier, i believe you huh. preventing the sealing of the threetails, and the destruction of the hidden leaf. things are gonna get busy about now. the hidden leaf are here first, we have to destroy them. capturing threetails comes after that. hah. who cares. lord orochimaru has high hopes for me. my wish my wish is to be with lord orochimaru. and this guy orochimaru will do anything to achieve his ambitions. he's a bastard who thinks nothing of taking peoples' lives. anyone who serves a guy like that can't be a decent human being. damn. what's wrong with me. what're you doing in a place like this. thinking up strategy. this guy when did he show up. how long has he been here. oh the mist is clearing. yes, it's time to move. all of you, have you memorized the plan of action. if that child is discovered during our operation, protect him. all right, let's begin. tenten, please show it to us. this is the giant scroll that was specially prepared by lady tsunade for the sealing of the threetails. here. naruto. huh.. we're gonna use this humongous scroll. yes. we have to suppress a huge amount of chakra. kakashi, we're counting on you. you got it. guard team two, in your positions. right. right. naruto. we go our separate ways now. good luck. yeah. leave it to me. okay, then we'll maintain this chakra balance, and slowly enlarge the opening. if the threetails is below the barrier, we'll get a reaction. just a minute. if we continue with such delicate chakra control and the enemy appears, we won't be able to oppose them. we won't have to fight back. believe in your comrades to take care of the enemy. you just concentrate on your chakra control. next time: "the fourcorner sealing barrier" tune in again. )