what did i really lose that day. ano hi honto ni ushinatta monotte nan dattakke for the life of me, i can't remember. tou ni wasureteshimatta yo we slowly lost sight of each other in the twilight yuugure de futari sukoshizutsu mienakunatteitte and yet we're stuck here unable to go home. sore nanoni bokura kaerezu ni ita weak, frail souls lost in the world dokoka ni kowaresou na moroi kokoro we act strong to hide their fragility. tsuyogaru kotoba de ootte kakushiteru hide their fragility ootte kakushiteru so farewell, but even forced apart sayonara aenakunattatte our stories go on. bokura wa tsuzuki ga aru kara even in a world without you, i run. kimi no inai sekai datte hashiru yo to someday get past the pain. itsuka no itami mo koete koete someday planetary devastation the power of the ninetails it's responding to naruto's rage. do you hate me. do you still think people can truly understand one another. your actions are justified. but know this my pain is far greater than yours. let's go. is that all you've got. not bad. this chakra i've felt it before. what's going on. lady hinata went out to save naruto. don't tell me she's a sealing jutsu. he broke the seal here he comes. he's fast. almighty push. impossible he withstood my almighty push. naruto. universal pull. what was that.. oh my god what is that. how is naruto doing. how can i put it. naruto is showing six tails right now. at this rate, he may end up transforming into the ninetails. six it's much worse than last time. lady katsuyu. please tell everyone to evacuate immediately. now what. the leaf village is destroyed beyond recognition. you must all evacuate as far away as you can. this is due to naruto's ninetails power. i know because my clone is attached to naruto. he transformed into the ninetails. but yamato and kakashi should have placed a sealing jutsu on him. how did this happen. it was hinata. she tried to save naruto and was taken down right in front of him. and then naruto so that triggered his transformation. yesprobably. where is yamato. what is he doing at a time like this. did you find kabuto. yes. good. don't let him spot you. whwhat.. six it can't be he undid the sealing jutsu on his own. six tails.. that's insane. there's an emergency. sorry, but i must return to the village. hhey. the power of the ninetails how magnificent. both naruto and pain are moving away from the village. it seems pain is fleeing from the ninetails naruto. serves him right. this is no time for laughs. we have to make sure hinata is okay, and then do something about naruto. the way he is now, he'll attack anyone in sight. i have to get a hold of captain yamato. i've brought tendo close enough. planetary devastation you don't have to go that far. your body can't take any more. silence, konan. i must focus. planetary devastation. why did you push yourself to make it that huge. my opponent is the ninetails. i cannot ease up. the sage of the six paths is said to have created the moon. this is nothing compared to that. regardless i have now captured the ninetails. why. why did it come to this. how would you confront this hatred, in order to create peace. i want to hear your answer. how should i know. it hurts i hate this. i don't know what am i supposed to do. i don't know anything anymore. someone, help me give me the answer. destroy everything. erase everything that hurts. give me your soul. i will save you from your suffering. yes you're doing fine. eight eight.. this is bad. this is really, really bad. i never imagined it would be this powerful. come over here. come rip this seal off me. dammit it's too late. nine nine how could this happen. fourth hokage you're fourthhokage when the fireworks suddenly explode in the air fui ni agatta hanabi wo futari de miageta toki i couldn't keep my eyes off from your face muchuu de miteru kimi no kao wo sotto nusumimita no i gazed at you quietly it'd be so much easier if i was able to hate you kimi no koto kirai ni naretara ii noni because i always remember you, in situations like this kyou mitai na hi ni wa kitto i can't help but think about the times we spent together. mata omoidashiteshimau yo i'm ready to forget you mou wasureyou kimi no koto zenbu it just tears at my heart too much. konna ni mo kanashikute i wonder why did we meet each other. doushite deatteshimattan darou when i close my eyes me wo tojireba it's like you are here. ima mo kimi ga soko ni iru you de why did you seal the ninetails inside of me.. i had to go through so much because of it. i trained really hard, met a lot of people, and it made me really happy. but then the akatsuki came after me, and my friends. dammit, i don't know what i'm saying anymore. it must have been hard for you i'm sorry, naruto. next time on naruto shippuden: "fourth hokage" how old are you now, naruto. tune in again. )