so you won't let me get away, huh. this shadow technique only lasts about five minutes, right. and it's just the two of us that works out well for me, too. you idiot. i can stock five hearts including my own. kakashi i will take your heart to replace the one you took from me. everything's ready the two separate bodies merged. so the fire style and wind style masks merged, huh. kakashi i will take your heart to replace the one you took from me. that one, huh.. he's trying to force me into an open area where he can shoot me down, huh. is that your idea of hiding. sensei. sensei. shikamaru's genius you did a good job of hiding this time, kakashi. but do you have the courage to show yourself before us again. not again. water style: water wall. fire with the wind change in chakra nature added to it can't be put out just with water style, huh. looks like i'll have to confront him at close range, after all. kakashi sensei. it appears you didn't get around to watching out for my movements. your heartis mine. die. how about that. it's addicting pain, isn't it. i'm counting on you shikamaru how worthless lord jashin must be disappointed now kakazu must be about finished by now, too whwhat did you do. it seems he made it just in time iimpossible. time to go not deep enough.. you jerk why are you alive.. you jerk why are you alive. i just pretended i was dead. the blood on that weaponisn't mine. it's your partner's blood. iimpossible yes, it is possible. your own blood was used for your partner's ritual. so, kakashi sensei, here please use it when there is a chance. i'll let you keep it. shikamaru knew his opponent's ability utilized blood, after all. he'd prepared capsules of blood in advance. what does that mean. anyone would've been fine if given an opportunity, we needed to get your partner's blood. in this capsule, you see it can't be when did you have the chance.. when i put a hole inside you with my lightning blade i took your blood at the same time. i'll capture him by myself. and and i'll fulfill that role so i took itand my role was to trap you. hey, where are we going. are you trying to separate me from kakuzu.. youjerk. shouldn't someone go with him. you're really underestimating hidan. and here, that kid called shikamaru or whatever would've become a bounty of high value someday. todayhe dies. heh. that wasour strategy. you jerk. no way that kid he planned that far ahead that's about the size of it. you should've handled him more carefully you guys really underestimated him. there's no way he would let the information that cost asuma his own life go to waste. you guys who take peoples' lives without hesitation could probably never understand how he feels. kakashi sensei. are you okay. wellsomehow i guess. i can't believe they invaded his body this much in such a short period of time. if shikamaru had taken any longer slowly. make sure not to damage the vessels. i'll treat you immediately with my medical ninjutsu. the treatment can wait. here they come. expansion jutsu. super slap. nice. good one, choji. oh no. what.. he came back to life. he absorbed the lightning style monster's heart. what's that. his main body's a monster, too. two of my heartsgone. it's been a long time since that happened even i can tell, and i'm not all that bright it's been so many times already. any idiot could figure out your jutsu after seeing it so many times. what did you say. it seems your jutsu isn't as strong as it was before. i didn't even need five minutes i can move. the endurance of your jutsu power and its effect gradually decreases each time you use it. basically, the longer you use it, the weaker it gets. aren't you just about out of chakra. huh.. you won't get awaythis time. here he comes. right. right. he's fast. damn it. i can't move. kakashi hatake i was going to replace the hearts i lost with yours but i've changed my mind i can get more hearts anytime i want, after all die. wind style: rasengan. water style: ripping torrent. hurricane vortex jutsu. sorrywe're late. perfect timing do you know what those words mean. it means if you curse someone and attempt to kill them, you will also be killed in retribution, so two burial pits are necessary. you cursed and killed my teacher. don't think you guys can just romp about carefree that's your burial pit. next time: "when you curse someone, you dig your own grave" )