itachi's story light and darkness: the darkness of the akatsuki do you know a shinobi named might dai. i know a might guy. huh, well thats the kid from that time. i was one of the seven ninja swordsmen of the mist. thanks to might dai, the seven of us got cut down to three. who could have expected that scuzzy bearded jerk would use taijutsu like that. anyway, i wanna make something clear i could care less why you joined the akatsuki. i dont even want to hear your reason. it doesnt matter why i joined either. and its okay if you dont want to know. listen to me. theres something i need to ask you. and. its about your ninjutsu specialties. as you see, i use this executioners blade and cut up enemies. so. how about you. genjutsu, fire style and shuriken jutsu. youre awfully humble. former anbu itachi uchiha, itachi of the sharingan, the clankiller itachi people throw around many nicknames for youyoure notorious. lets decide on our formations. youll start with a preemptive attack with your genjutsu, shuriken or whatevers your specialty. then ill jump in. and you back me up. that will be formation b whats a. we each do things our own way. understood. one word of warning. dont take any opponent for granted. understood. who are you. get out of our way. shinobi villages only say things about peace and order, but theyre really worried about their roles shrinking. behind the scenes, theyre all trying to lessen their opponents power while increasing their own. all the while, preventing other nations from finding out their schemes. thats why the akatsuki gets jobs. the more peaceful the world is, the more work we get we accept every request. we dont care about the details. you scoundrels. fire style: fireball jutsu. why you. thats why. we dont know whos inside this palanquin. and we dont want to know either. theres also no need to think about who the hell would pay us to do such dirty work. thats what the akatsuki is about. pain, the leader, said the akatsuki was going to rule the world. that wont be for a long time. we first need to amass money and power. speak of the devil, hes summoning us. so itachi, have you gotten used to the akatsuki. how would you feel about changing partners and teaming up with me. hey, were just getting our formation down. dont try to steal him. i second changing partners theres an aspect called compatibility i wish our leader would put a bit more thought into this. youre one to talk, you damn snake. thanks to your work, akatsukis reputation is growing in the underworld. the jobs were getting are becoming bigger in scale, which means higher compensation as well. but thats only just a step. and the akatsuki is ready to move on to the next step. which are the tailed beasts. therere supposed to be nine of em. are those the tailed beasts. the five great ninja nations harbor most of them. but the whereabouts are unknown for a few of them. those who arent on a job will try to locate them. so we just have to locate them. for now. what will you do with them eventually. well hunt down and collect every tailed beast. and then. theyll act as our deterrents in our quest for world domination. tailed beasts. seems to me there are lots of other ways. theres no mistake in the leaders reasoning. here are the assignments. juzo. youll handle the request from the land of water. isnt there another mission i can do.. youre familiar with the territory. this is ridiculous. i never wanted to go back to that depressing place. is that the village where youre from. the jobs easy. we have to assassinate a member from the feudal lord's clan in the land of water. i'll explain its an intraclan fight over succession, a common occurrence in the land of water. the hidden mist cannot interfere in the feudal clan's affairs. thats why theyve come to the akatsuki. this rivers the border. have you ever been to the land of water. never on a mission. so for an outing then. youve got no sense of humor. but you do know, dont you. what happens to a shinobi from another village if hes discovered in the land of water. the hidden mist doesnt have a policy for prisoner exchange if captured, the shinobi will be made to divulge his jutsu and hell be disposed of. you have it good, itachi. the leaf is nave. thats why you and orochimaru can go around without a care as rogue ninja there is a special unit in the hidden mist that track down rogue ninja. if i ever get caught in this village. oh, i forgot all about formation c. if im caught by the mist, kill me immediately. if i have a chance. so what do you want me to do for formation d. nothing in particular. fine, lets get going. are you good at infiltrating. i'm average. okay, show me. pplease. spare me. i dont bear a grudge against you. this is just my job. wwait. hey. yeah. hidden mist jutsu.. wind style. supreme typhoon. this is.. lord fourth. is that the mizukage. do you remember my warning. any way you look at him, hes a kid. hes the jinchuriki of the three tails. and they are the mists shinobi tracking unit. i never expected you to reappear in the village, juzo. i didnt wanna come back either. i had no choice. i have a ton of things to say to you. at the very least, im taking back the executioners blade. even if your partner is itachi of the sharingan. so i guess a surprise attack with your genjutsu is meaningless. what do you want to do. this ones a formation c. formation c. understood. dont look. it's a water clone. itachi. fire style: fireball jutsu. lord fourth. you two. ill show no mercy. tailed beast state.. the fourth is a jinchuriki who can control his tailed beast. this is not the hidden leaf. juzo. its the fourths coral palm jutsu. juzo.. run. itachi. wwhat.. what is this. the power of the mangekyo sharingan. why you. juzo.. did you kill.the mizukage. no, hes not dead yet. then. hurry. go. but. it's all over for me. you dont have to be a medic ninja to know that, right. im sorry. what a stupid thing to say. do you have any last words for anyone. like i'd have anyone, idiot. i see.but you have someone like that, huh. hurry and go. im just gonna drop dead, right here, where i'm from. .this godforsaken, blood mist village. i thought my only partner. was this guy here, but. juzo biwa is dead. oh my, and he was your teammate, itachi. the jinchuriki of the three tails killed him. which means you took on the mizukage and came out of it alive. another one of us is dead. rather than being killed by the enemy, he was killed by friendly fire. he was just too slow. let everyone here be the judge of that. fire style: searing migraine. done in bad faith. sounds like it was on purpose. he should have just dodged it. you ignored your partner, didn't you. so what. you wanted to kill him, didn't you. so what. oh, nothing. it just seems to happen a lot. the akatsuki works in twoman teams. what will you do, kakuzu. will you team up with itachi whos also lost his partner. as long as he doesnt irritate me. i wouldnt know how to cater to your moods. what the hell did you say. then let's team up and i'll show you. wait, ill team up with itachi. are you trying to make a fool out of me.. the akatsuki needs to find some new members. well put this issue on hold until we do. do you know what eternal life is, itachi. i dont know yet, either. thats why i need a new body. a magnificent body to link me to eternal life. first of all, the problem with you. is your greed. impossible. have i fallen prey to the paralysis jutsu. what incredible visual prowess. magnificent. orochimaru. try all of the jutsu you wish but, my eyes can see through all of them. you're so blunt. im not sure what to do with you. whether to kill you right now, or find a way to use you. iitachi. you just dont have enough no, you lack it completelythe greed. for human life. lord orochimaru. ill definitely get you back for this. orochimaru betrayed and deserted our organization. i knew it, that bastard. he always put himself before the organization. i dont intend to let orochimaru get away with this, but right now, were short members. hey. hey. hey. how about letting me join. get lost. okay. leave orochimaru to me. his subordinate, kabuto, is my puppet. ill find out where hes hiding out in no time. no need to rush. i have someone in mind to be your partner. it can wait until he joins us. what about me. do i team up with itachi. work alone for a while longer. i have someone else ive prepared to partner up with itachi. im going to be your partner from today. hey, you over there. im not gonna fall for your genjutsu ever again, hmm. im going to give you a little taste of what art is. let's leave it at that. sasori. partner with deidara and go kill orochimaru. next time on naruto shippuden: "partner" who the hell is this orochimaru guy. itachi's story light and darkness: partner tune in again. )