lady tsunade. we have received a message from the fire temple. it seems all four of the hidden tombs have been violated. they got us so what's the present situation. team kakashi is on the way right now. i see yamato sent a report saying the enemies probably aren't just grave robbers. so he was right. yes then what are the thieves after. probably the bodies themselves of the exceptional shinobi who were members of the guardian shinobi twelve. i have a bad feeling about this, it's all happening right after that other attack. and the activities of the akatsuki are shifting into high gear. and developments regarding orochimaru, who has hidden himself, are a concern as well. and you mean danzo. oh, yes leaving sai on team kakashi was our request as well. but isn't there something behind why he agreed without any fuss. there are piles of causes for concern everywhere we turn. but we should probably pluck the seeds of trouble and we start with what's within close reach. then what do we do. shizune. assign everyone who's not supporting the foundation to the surveillance of danzo. yes, ma'am. i have a favor to ask. a favor, you say. yes i would like to ask you to keep me in team kakashi under this name for a while. that smile on his face damn that tsunade what is she prying into now. oh well when all is said and done, it's all in the palm of my hand. a new enemy this isn't the same direction as the hidden tombs. the thieves are carrying heavy coffins, body and all. the east, west and north directions with the fire temple at the center are surrounded by steep cliffs. if they are trying to escape to the neighboring land carrying the coffins, the only direction is south. i see. my power is a nuisance. but nuisance or not, i can't throw it away. because i must have revenge on the one who killed my father. hey, what're you looking at.. oh. you mentioned revenge, didn't you. oh we came out to a place with a great view. but the enemy won't show up here. that's right there's nowhere to hide. hm. what is it. down there oh, sora. look down there, down there. shut up. i can see it. no doubt about it. those are those definitely seem to be the stolen bodies. but why are they transporting them in such crude fashion. it's as if they're attracting attention on purpose. is it a trap. if it is, then perhaps they're targeting they're going to get away at this rate. captain yamato. chiriku, please wait here and contact the fire temple, just in case something happens. got it. naruto and sora, you guys pursue head on. sakura and sai will follow from the left, and i will wrap around to the right and provide backup. hey why do i have to go with him.. sending you alone would be a concern. besides, sora looks to be quite dependable. i get it. i read in a book that one poison drives out the other. oh. hey, wait up. hold it. let me tell you one thing. i'm tired of being around a repulsive guy like you. shut up. if captain yamato decided on this, then we have no choice, right.. then you just stay behind me and keep quiet. this is a fire temple matter. you backtalking jerk. i'm going on ahead. jerk. hehthey fell for it. there's nothing here for us to protect ourselves with if this is a trap. the conditions should be the same for the enemy, too. we should be able to locate them from a distance if they approach. if their objective is to steal the four bodies, there's no point in setting a trap. why are they going to the trouble of doing such a thing. didn't i tell you.. i told you to stay behind me, keep quiet, and just watch. excuse me while i go on ahead again. don't get so full of yourself. ow. sora. knock it off. what're you two doing.. the coffins went underground. and here i could've gotten at least one of them back if this rotten guy hadn't interfered. you're the one who got in the way. what.. this time i'll give you a posthumous name for sure. that's just what i want. before that, hurry up and pick one for yourself. cut it out, you two. this isn't the time to be fighting amongst ourselves. that's strange all signs of the enemy's presence has vanished. it's sure been a long time. oh, how long i've waited for the dawn of the land of fire. this isn't the time for you guys to be dying. unexpected circumstance is something that sets up a good arrangement. or did you guys do the summoning. fudo, fuen, fouka. i'm going to say hello to him. you guys take care of the others. yes, sir. this is the design diagram. move it without destroying it, okay. it's a onceinalifetime masterpiece of perfect quality. acting like you're so big. i'm the one who has to do the moving. masterpiece it may be. but it's nothing but scribbling if i don't move it. don't you know. with woodblock prints, the one who lives on in history is the artist who created the design, not the one who did the carving. what.. nobody likes men who talk too much. just get started. or furido, a former member of the guardian shinobi twelve, will strangle you. ooh, that's scary. then, i'm counting on you, fudo. fine, i'll do it. earth syle: impermanence. what'sthis.. ninja art: super beast scroll what is this. this much geological change with earth style. it seems we've received divine retribution thanks to a certain someone. this isn't the time to be saying that kind of. sakura. hey, wait. so the true intention is to crush me like this, huh. they probably won't wait for me to climb up to the top. if so wood style jutsu. they sure set quite the largescale trap. i see. so you and sai ended up getting separated. and before i knew it, captain yamato was gone, too if we're dealing with an earth style user who can alter terrain to this great a scale, then it's an enemy we can't take lightly. anyway, we've got to find the others quick. didn't this used to be a valley. what's this. just like that. is this a genjutsu. i bet it's a trap. then let's test it out. huh. hey, naruto, don't get careless. you'd better stay away. heh, no problem. it seems, more or less, to be solid ground. the guy who did this is probably a moron, he forgot to create this part here and rushed to finish the job. naruto. he got caught in the trap just like that. we've got to find naruto right away. i guess for now i'll try making a sweep of the entire area from up in the sky. they're not going to let me out of here. there's no way you can escape from my masterpiece with a puny jutsu like that. i never thought you'd survive our jutsu. my jutsu was perfect. fuen probably didn't follow through with the execution of her design. don't tell me that's the wood style. who are you. "who are you." that's my line. what do you intend to do by stealing those bodies.. it's not necessary to tell someone who's about to die. then i'll have to get you to talk by force. heh. you want to get into a contest of strength with me. that's futile. earth style: inescapable suffering. what a disappointing wood style user. i get the feeling it's kind of a waste disposing of you, but what a pain. sure enough, direct attacks are more up my alley. you can't fully guard against my fist by just dodging. where are we. i don't know but where's naruto. i thought we all dropped together. i don't feel his presence here. for the time being, we have to go find him. it seems the enemy wants to separate us. owowowow where are sakura and the others. another fork in the road. this way. no way will i fall twice. so this means this path is the right way. it's not that way. i won't be done in by a ridiculous trap like this. whoa, i was about to get flattened fuen's traps are nothing special. this is a mess. i can't believe our team would get divided so easily. but what in the world are they after. if they wanted to just steal the bodies of the guardian shinobi twelve, there should've been a way to do it without drawing attention. don't tell me they're really after one of us. it's too soon to jump to conclusions. i have a bad feeling about this. i've got to join up with the others as soon as possible. next time: "impermanence" )