it seems the preparations have been completed. yes, lord orochimaru. i will have a new body. as well as what is necessary for my plans after that go, kabuto. i will be looking forward to your return. get ready. yuukimaru, it's time to leave. i wonder where i can go back to this place i'm going is it where i'm returning to. lord orochimaru says he is looking forward to your return. where should i go back to. is this where i'm supposed to return to. lord orochimaru has high hopes for you. you must live up to them. they've dwindled to a nice number. enough killing. from now on, you will be working for me. huh let's go, guys. in order to carry out lord orochimaru's plan, it is necessary to draw out yuukimaru's power i must produce results with these tests before handing him to guren. i'll use whatever measures are necessary to do it you really can't tell until you try it. huh. can't tell where to tie my gaiters unless i wrap it around several times you're supposed to be able to tell when you put it on. but you don't know until you finish wrapping it around. let's go. it's almost time. orochimaru's hideout discovered young lady, the dango here is truly wonderful. of course, with a beautiful lady like you serving it, there is no way it can't be delicious. oh dear, don't call me beautiful like that. the dango sure is good, but i'll bet you're much tastier, ain't that right. we're finally here. pervy sage, let's start training. what're you saying. first, we wash off the dirt from our travels. healing your arm is also part of training. the hot spring here is good for broken bones. besides hot springsare so much fun. it's research research. you haven't changed, pervy sage. weren't you nearly killed by grandma tsunade for peeking into the women's bath. no. the last time i came, i'm sure it was a mixed bath. funny maybe they separated the bath because of guys like you. huh. just what have you been learning from your teacher. why do you think i do these things. 'cuz you're a pervert. you idiot. the research for the makeout series is a cover. this is actually ninja training to make oneself go unnoticed by women who are on guard. yeah yeah. ahemanyway, being here at these hot springs is really to treat your broken bone. think of soaking in the bath as part of training. pervy sage, hurry and train me. geez you're such an annoying kid. huh. no need to worry about this now. i've trained so that instead of relying on ninetail's power rather than use a power that hurts everyone i've trained to attain the power to protect, but it's just not enough. pervy sage, isn't there a longdistance type jutsu that i can learn. talking as though he's a fullfledged ninja orochimaru, huh multiple legs barrage. i swore to myself that i'd never let akamaru go through anything like that again. akamaru kiba, what are you thinking. well, i was just thinking about our mission to rescue sasuke. but this time if it's really gonna be at orochimaru's hideout, maybe the same type of people will appear what. getting nervous. just the opposite, kakashi sensei. in addition to shikamaru, word has it that even naruto beat the akatsuki. i've been training hard too. i have to show the others that i won't lose either. then i'll have to demonstrate the results of my training too. huh. that's because unlike you guys, i've rarely been on missions consistently with the same members. are you still bitter because you couldn't be a part of the last mission. that plus the fact that naruto didn't even recognize his comrade's face. of course, naruto wouldn't recognize you. your face is practically covered in that getup. that shouldn't matter among comrades. c'mon, let's all do our best together. i won't lose either. i've done my best so that naruto will acknowledge me. before i knew it, they've all become so strong and reliable. even him. pervy sage, do you think i've gotten a bit stronger at least. what are you saying. you're the same novice you were three years ago. i see i guess so if that's what being wise means, then i don't care if i'm a fool for the rest of my life. even without a teacher, i'll create some awesome jutsu and rescue sasuke, no matter what. tell mehave your feelings changed since three years ago. i never take back my word. that's my ninja way. hmm, i guess so. i was concerned about my friend, and what i gained from it was a sense of helplessness and regret. yet naruto has lived with the same regret for three years without giving up on his friend he has never forgotten sasuke and has continued to train earnest in his desire to bring sasuke back home to hidden leaf village. even if his own body is battered the idiot has matured in his idiot way. i'll acknowledge that. just a little bit. really. but in order to bring him back, i've gotta get much stronger. maybe he can they say, "a place where someone still thinks of you. that's a place you can call home. " yeah. this is the anbu black ops who sent the message what is it. you sense something. this is more than just a sense, right, akamaru. the smell of death. there're quite a few dead bodies up ahead. my nose is pretty sharp, butwhich way. this way. proceed with caution. this is. hhelp a curse mark. this guy has orochimaru's curse mark. without a doubt, this is orochimaru's hideout. however what happened here.. faint traces of chakra. onetwo there are so many. let's go, kakashi sensei. we have no time to waste. be wary of traps. let's go. how terrible what is this.. looks like they fought each other. a split in the ranks. we'd better find out from them. what's the matter, akamaru.. dammit. we'd have been in big trouble if akamaru hadn't found an escape route. heh heh, good boy, akamaru. but to think they laid a trap. i don't think so. i don't think the enemy knew that we were close. that trap was set to destroy any evidence. to destroy the hideout itself. but there were survivors. yeah what a cruel thing to do. i can't forgive him, that orochimaru. quit wasting time. we've succeeded in our mission to locate orochimaru's hideout, but we can't say we succeeded. because we can't return to the village without any information about orochimaru. he's right, kakashi sensei. um we can still gather information. the enemy set a time device here in other words, there are people who left this site. you're right. the enemy who has information is still close by. then it's decided. let's pursue them. leave the enemy search to me. this is a specialty of my parasitic insects. hey. don't forget my akamaru's sharp nose. eeven i. where are we headed. heh, isn't it orochimaru's hideout. do you understand what that means. sstop please stop. there's no guarantee we're safe if he messes around with our bodies again. that's for sure bbut i'm scared of orochimaru i can't defy him right now, it's only that woman. yyou're right if we kill that one woman, we'll be free. let's kill her. who said you can take a break. i did. one, two, three we won't listen to you anymore. we'll kill you and go free. it's decided. ten, eleven, twelve sixteen of you. are you scared.. well, are you. fool. you think you can beat all of us here.. woman. how pitiful. you're not able to judge your opponent's strength. crystal style. crystal prison. my insects have detected the enemy. geez, they couldn't even figure out if they had a chance to beat their opponent they're not only weak. they're stupid. are you trying to say you're smarter. what will you do. are you coming. ii of course. we're coming. we didn't run away we just wanted to avoid a fight. i can't face lord orochimaru if i don't have any henchmen. i pledge my loyalty. no need to. if you betray me, you'll just die. a jutsu that ensnares the enemy in green crystal. earth style. i've never seen anything like it before my parasitic insects have been destroyed in the same way. this couldn't be well now, shall we begin training. yeah. i'm ready. maybe we'll do a simple jutsu using your wind chakra this time. a simple jutsu.. do you remember the training we did during our last journey. i remember doing all kinds of things remember, you trained with the toad. ththat's the one character i couldn't handle. you remember. i figured it was a bit too early back then, but you can do it now. it's a collaboration ninjutsu with a toad. combining two jutsu to transform them into one stronger jutsu is known as a collaboration jutsu. hey, i know that. when we beat that akatsuki fellow, captain yamato combined his water style with my wind style to form the hurricane vortex jutsu. good, that makes it easier. summoning jutsu. oh jirachanit's been so long. mr. gamariki, sorry to make you come so far. oh, don't mention it. you and i are old friends. whywhy is mr. gamariki here.. oh, naruto. you're here too. unless the ninja duo is completely in sync, a combination ninjutsu is impossible. yamato must have had perfect timing with his hurricane vortex jutsu. oh, then it's useless. not himthere's no way he can synchronize with me. shut up. shut up. if we can't, then it's your fault. besides, why do i have to sync up with mr. gamariki.. to perfect a new jutsu, right. from this moment on, you will train to synch your timing with mr. gamariki's timing. well, i guess if you insist, jiraiya, i have no choice bbut. don't you think it'll be an even greater combination ninjutsu if you and i did it, pervy sage. i can't be with you all the time. but you can summon the toad. but, you know is this jutsu really strong. mr. gamariki watch carefully. be gentle, okay. wow i didn't know you were so strong, mr. gamariki. with perfect timing, my chakra flowed into mr. gamariki's water pistol. your wind chakra will go well with the water. if you practice, you'll be able to perfect an even stronger jutsu. an even stronger jutsu all right. i'll do it. just bring it on. first comes special rhythm training. sspecial rhythm training. one, two, one, two one, two, one, two one, two, one, two one, two, one, two one, two, one, two one, two, one, two one, two, one. one, two, one. mr. gamariki and i naruto and i aren't compatible. aren't compatible. maybe it's not possible. you called. i thought i'd test you to see the level of your power. i see you didn't even flinch. you're very confident taking me on like that. i'm ready on my side. anytime "loving smack," my butt. i've had enough training with mr. gamariki. come on. combination with a toad is the most important element for the collaboration ninjutsu using wind style and water style. even so. what can't be done, can't be done. it'll be much faster to find someone who is more compatible with me. fool. you can't summon anyone with that arm. hah. you haven't forgotten how fast i can heal, have you, pervy sage. next episode: "encounter. " )