lady tsunade. the defense barrier and the reanimation jutsu have been broken and the area around the main gate is returning to normal. also, the enemy jutsu that burns down villages in an instant, from asuma's report, was also stopped before it could be executed. i see what's that red light. what.. sora. despair asuma sensei what the heck is that.. i don't know very nice, sora. get angry. hate. turn that anger and hate into power. thrash all the people of the hidden leaf. drive them to death. knock it off. iwasn't born to do something like that. yes, you were. it is all for the sake of true unification for the land of fire. your power is now required, sora. what the heck are you talking about. you asuma. kazuma. no way you asuma sensei do you know this guy. yeah he used to be a fellow member of the guardian shinobi twelve. you. what the heck did you do to sora.. all i did was take your leftovers. what did you say. sorais just like you stop. sora. what is this pain. am i really becoming the ninetails. howin the world did you do that to sora. you know more about the ninetail's attack on the hidden leaf than me. back then, the ninetails was sealed inside a baby at the cost of the fourth hokage's life. the hidden leaf obtained the ninetails and we couldn't afford to miss that opportunity. after the ninetails went on its rampage, we obtained the scattered chakra. we cultivated it and then implanted it in sora five years later. you sora is your so what. the hidden leaf had obtained a significant power. we also wanted to obtain such a power in order to protect the king. what's wrong with that. naruto i knew that's right. i knew and yeti i knew that was that was sora's voicecrying out and yetwhy wasn't i able to pick up on that. and here i was the only one who could understand his pain and his cries it was the same back then, too the eyes around sora watching him those cold and repulsive eyes as if they were saying, "get out of here. " i knewthey were the same. the same as those eyes watching me naruto the eyes of the adults looking at me, as if wanting to stab me to death it's those same eyes. what does that matter now. those eyes. the eyes that only saw us as monsters. isolated us. and on top of that, you try to use us at your own convenience. it's like the time with gaara why don't you adults even attempt to think about how we feel. and moreover, sora sora why was it necessary to put this monster inside him.. why. why do this to sora. shut up naruto. stay away. you all stay away from me no. i won't be tricked any more. you killed my father and then try to befriend me like nothing happened. special power, my foot. you tricked me. sora. i told you to stay away. and when all is said and done, you're also just one of the hidden leaf. i can't trust you. what. whwhat's going on. ninetail's cloakon sora don't tell me sora's cells are merging with the ninetails what's this. what in the world has begun here. unlike the jinchuriki there, the ninetails chakra is too massive for sora's body. therefore, i continued to suppress the ninetails chakra with a sealing jutsu for these past ten years. howeverwith the ninetails chakra now having been released, the balance has been lost and sora's body is being taken over. once the ninetails has formed all nine tails, sora will literally turn into the ninetails. only then will the imitation ninetails become the real thing. you jerk. then i'll turn over this body to that fox. in exchange i'll smashthis world. stop it, sora. wood style. domed wall. sakura. naruto. captain yamato. what was the red light from before. that'sthe ninetails. no doubt about it. it's the ninetail's cloak. that'ssora. what did you say. very nice, sora. more. revel more of your power. stop it, sora. don't use that power. shut up. shadow clone jutsu. naruto. you're late, shikamaru. is it them. don't underestimate my and akamaru's noses. it's not just sora. asuma sensei and naruto are also with him. and there's the scent of one other person not from the village an enemy. what's that. you okay, naruto. that was a close one, huh. how sorry. i'm your opponent. kazuma. captain yamato. can't you control the ninetails chakra like you did when that happened to me.. i can control your ninetails chakra because you have the first hokage's necklace. it won't work on sora, he doesn't have a necklace. is that so. am i that much of a hindrance.. you don't need me.. huh.. you're wrong, sora. we just don't want you to use that power i amone with this power this power is the only thing i can trust now. i'll have revenge on all of you guys who drove me to loneliness. naruto. i'm sick of people getting hurt with this power back theni hurt sakura you're the one who hurt sakura, naruto. you'll end up tormenting yourself if you rely on the power of the ninetails. and it could turn into a power that hurts your friends. that's why i don't want you hurting anyone with that power. you don't know anything about me. yes, i do. the origin of the ninetails you've been implanted with is sealed inside me. what're youtalking about. i'm a jinchuriki. what're yousaying. sora stay back i won't be i won't be tricked by those words. the shadow possession jutsu is a success. shikamaru, choji. they've come damn it. more friends, huh.. i'm counting on you, choji. right. partial expansion jutsu. both hands. damn it. you two. he did it. now he won't get away. something's not right. if you've got the ninetails sealed inside you why do you have so many friends. i was all alone the whole time and yet, whywhy do you. it was the same with me, too. when i was little, i was always by myself. but i didn't have the time to be lonesome. i wanted to get everyone to acknowledge me. and these are the friends i made. i have no friends like that i'mthese guys are all your friends. aww ninja art: mind transfer jutsu. what's wrong, ino. ino. what happened with the mind transfer. there was no human consciousness inside him what did you say.. i've reached my limit, too. oh no. it's his third tail captain yamato. something's wrong with naruto. don't tell me the ninetails chakra has leaked out no way. don't tell me he's going to rampage at a time like this. why is this happening. and when naruto's wearing the first hokage's necklace things seem to be different this time. damn it. what's going on. stabilize i can't believe my jutsu won't work at all. next time: "resonance" )