so how is naruto's training going. well, according to kakashi sensei, it seems like he got a hold of something. he said it's gonna take a little longer to complete i see now that kakashi sensei has joined team ten, team sevenour team, should support them because of our close alliance with themright. you're sharpjust as expected but, we don't know when naruto will complete his new jutsu. wouldn't it be better to send another team. sakura. tell yamato to have naruto complete his new jutsu in 24 hours. if not, i will send another team as reinforcements. yes. shizune, look at the schedule and put together a list of teams that can go support team ten in case naruto does not complete it in time. i got it. so, it's starting. shikamaru let's hear your plan first. now that you have joined, i want to change the plan a bit. i got it. please explain. i will explain by dividing it into several scenarios. make sure all of you listen carefully. target: locked on huh. kakashi sensei and the others went after the akatsuki. they just left a minute ago i see so what did lady tsunade say. she said it's best that we go to support them but she also said that in order to do so, we must complete naruto's new jutsu immediately. huh.. my new jutsu. if you don't complete it within 24 hours, then she's going to send another team. within 24 hours, huh naruto. oh. you shouldn't eat that. huh.. naruto captain yamato, let's start the training. kakashi sensei, take this please use it when there's an opening. i'll let you keep it. i got it. i'm impressed at how much you observed about your opponent from just one encounter. but the other one's power is still unknown on top of that, you've readjusted the plan to fit the new member it's remarkable. that's the plan i developed with the limited information i had. after you memorize the plans, simulate them in your head three times or more. the success rate of the plan highly depends on whether or not you do image training. yes. okay. okay, let's go. yes. first, we need to find their trail. trail i get it, you're saying we need to find the path between the temple of fire and the collection office. you're saying we're going to find their footsteps and scent there. well, i don't think that will be easy let's hurry. yeah. yes. the sealing of the twotails is now complete there are now only four remaining you are dismissed. finally. we're going to hidden leaf village, hidan. hidden leaf village. kakuzu, hidan, if you are going to hidden leaf village, i will give you one warningyes. there's a guy named naruto uzumaki who's a jinchuriki. if you see him you should be carefulyes. hey hey hey. don't assume i'm the same as you, mr. deidara. you are the wuss who got his arms sewed back on by kakuzu. it's better than his head hey. hey, kakuzu. who's side are you on.. aren't we teammates. that's why you. shut up hidan. let's just go. i had to sit still for three days, i'm going to go crazy wait for me, bounty. hey, where are you going, kakuzu. the collection office is this way. are you stupid. what.. our target is the jinchuriki. there is no need to go back to that place just to run into an ambush. let's take a different route to the hidden leaf village. it has been three days. the hidden leaf village should have retrieved that bounty by now. well, that's right. oh yeah what.. that scar is embarrassing. cover it up with this. hey. this is my headband. oh, you actually picked it up for me. kakuzu. you're pretty nice. shut up hidan. hurry, let's go. oh. hey. wait a sec. hey. kakuzu. tell me the truth, you like me, right. if you keep talking, i am going to kill you. don't be shy as expected, the trail can't be found due to the rain. so, what are we going to do. either way, we can't do anything unless we find our enemy. i remember they said we'll be right back be prepared. stay still until we get back. but obviously, they won't return to the same place. the second team should be monitoring the collection office the one that yells a lot is fine, but there's the other guy i bet they will use a different route, but they have only one destination. whether they are going after asuma's corpse for money or they are after naruto, their destination is hidden leaf village. then that means, it'll be a wide search how are we going to find them. we'll go with that. huh.. got it. i found them. there's no mistakethey're headed straight to hidden leaf village. shoot. are you all right, ino.. that was close. did they notice.. i think it's okay. as expected, they're headed to hidden leaf village through a different route. they're in the 2 o'clock direction. we will run into them in ten minutes. what happened, kakuzu.. naw, nothing it's just my imagination then let's hurry. yeah all right. let's go. hidan yeah damn it. it's a paper bomb. kakuzu. i hardened my arm. i'm not injured. forget that, watch out for the shadow i won't fall for it twice. hidan, look up. it's another paper bomb. hidan, dodge it. it didn't explode.. they got us shadow possession shuriken jutsu a success. i can't move. you bastard i dodged the shadow, so how did you the thing i threw is a chakra blade. i bet you know that it's made from a special metal that absorbs the user's chakra characteristics. kakuzu, what is he saying. idiot. shut up, hidan. due to the chakra absorbed, it exhibits power based on the user's jutsu. basically, the chakra blade itself is exhibiting my shadow possession jutsu. that chakra blade is a memento of asuma, the man you killed. asuma if i were to equate hidden leaf ninja to shogi pieces, shikamaru in the end, you would be a knight. why. although weak in strength, a knight can advance by jumping over pieces its unique movement resembles your flexible thinking. i see this paper bomb is a fake. it's just paper his aim was this chakra blade from the beginning because of that, the first kunai knife with the paper bomb was a diversion to ensure that we'd dodge the second chakra blade. furthermore, he used his shadow to make us focus our attention on our feet. he did it to make us realize his attack from above and make us dodge it at the last minute in order to ensure that he could grab hold of our shadows. he's pretty clever. well, let's finish this. hey. why the hell have you been so quiet.. what are you doing getting caught, too.. hey. hey. hey. to tell the truth, aren't we pretty screwed.. screwed. according to my plan, it was finished from the moment i caught you. you did a good job you bastard damn it. what are you doing.. there's no way i'm gonna miss the second time. i'm going to corner you guys. you jerks went after us in the wrong order. i'm not going to mess up the order this time. damn it. i know your face now. no matter what happens to me, i'm gonna kill you. you're stupid, aren't you. kakuzu. dodge it. all right. what's happening. i didn't expect his arm to move on its own after being separated from his body but when did this happen. it was when i attacked with the paper bomb. while he was in the smoke, he put this right arm in the ground just what i'd expect of the akatsuki. they all use insane abilities. you said we were finished, but my powers are still unknown to you. so you kept your distance when you made your next move. you're intelligent, unlike my partner. but even if you analyze the fight, it doesn't mean everything will go as planned. kakuzu. what do mean "unlike my partner". just as i said, you idiot. damn it. my body. kakuzu, do something. i can't believe you're forcing me back. shoot. now, choji. spiky human boulder. kakuzu. what's the meaning of this. why. he got hit by kakashi sensei's attack. yeah, you're right. we definitely crushed his heart what's with his back. i sense some very bad chakra. it's finally a serious situation. be careful, choji. got it. either way, that kakuzu guy seems like he has a lot to share. next time: "kakuzu's abilities" )