multi shadow clone jutsu. three shadow clones. what's that.. what ahigh pitchedchakra. whatare they. what is that jutsu.. if i get hit with thatthen i'm definitely doomed. wind style: rasen shuriken. this is the end. yes. yes. i'll back him up, too. don't get close to naruto, or you'll also get caught. so this is the power of the ninetailed fox's jinchuriki a fitting jutsu for a monster. what.. what. what. did he win. failed wind style: rasen shuriken always the unpredictable ninja. he did it again yamato. right. i'll take your heart. damn it. gee acting really tough that is so naruto since it was called rasen shuriken or whatever, i thought you'd let it fly do you have to actually run and punch. hey. when it hits the target, it causes some serious damage. it's called the rasen shuriken, but you must hit at pointblank range. that's why this jutsu relies on shadow clones as a diversion. the duration of this new jutsu is too short. it only lasted a couple seconds. exactly. you'll never hit the target with that. not against someone like him. that ninetailed kid's jutsu it seemed very powerful but i'll be safe as long as i keep my distance. as long as i avoid closerange combat and watch the one using that jutsu, i have nothing to fear. please let me try one more time. i'll finish him with my new jutsu. you're against that "akatsuki". if you do the same thing, he'll just dodge it again. if he detects our diversion, we're done for. let's fight him together that's true our current situation, it's five against one. there's no need to take chances. sowhat's their next move. kakashi sensei do you remember what you told me when i was training. you said you believe i'm the only shinobi who can surpass the fourth hokage. naruto i know teamwork is important. i also know that this is a very risky path. even so, i want to take this risk alone. if i can't beat this, i'll never be able to grow up. so please please don't take this path away from me. yamato, what do you think. yeah you haven't even seen it yet, after all. you haven't seen how he's a completely different naruto now. then it's settled shikamaru pakkun. what was that.. they're close. this is a sorry state how dare you do this to me.. lord jashin will punish you for this. a greater judgment will be handed down by jashin himself. that doesn't scare me. we believe in different things. i believe in the will of fire. but your god is not that stupid jashin or anything. nowi will hand down judgment you jerk. i told you, judgment will be handed down to you by lord jashin. and i will carry out that judgment. i only need teeth to take care of you. i'll chew you up into little pieces. we found you. reinforcements, huh. but you were just a bit too late whwhat.. shikamaru you defeated an akatsuki by yourself. you're more impressive than i thought. i guess i just had to do this myself, no matter what. that's right what's happening with the others. we came straight here, so let's rejoin them quickly. hey, are you okay. i'll heal you right now. this is no big deal but. i don't like troublesome things that hurt my friends. let's hurry. yeah. guys, please be okay go, naruto. right. that kid's going to attack again. just to be safe, i should switch to a longrange attack style. he didn't just change the shape of his body. he's built up quite a bit of chakra. it's to counter naruto's jutsu. shadow clone jutsu. here he comes it's ready. he flew. i can ignore the diversionary shadow clones behind me. i just need to aim for the original. i've nothing to fear if i can just smash that jutsu no. he's reading him. i knew he'd go with a longrange attack. naruto. all right. what.. that was a shadow clone.. huh.. he mixed himself in with the diversionary clones. eat this. the blast is coming. that was an extraordinary amount of attacks. i couldn't even count them all with the sharingan. what a jutsu awe awesome. naruto youfinally all right i did it. shizune, did you notice that. you mean naruto, right. yes. i wonder what it is. i've seen various cases up until now. but i've never seen anything like that. what's happening with the body kakashi brought back. i have already sent it for an autopsy. tell the person in charge to give it top priority. next episode: "the price of power" how're you guys doing. this is what we're going to try today. let's all try it. summoning jutsu a summoning jutsu. summoning jutsu. yes. it's a spacetime jutsu where you make a contract with an animal and summon them whenever you want. you guys haven't made a contract with an animal yet, so we'll just practice the seals today. these are the seals you'll need boar. dog. rooster. monkey. sheep. then you build up chakra and slam your hand down on the spot where you want to summon your animal. it's important to do it correctly and not rush. now, let's all give it a try. okay. boar. dog. rooster. monkey. sheep. slam your hand down. hi. i'm pakkun. i rushed here since i was summoned. ooh. awesome. to succeed, all you need is patience, effort and training. it's not like naruto could summon the chief toad right from the start. train hard and master the jutsu. okay, byebye. )