zetsu, huh. it appears it's done. finally finished with your drawnout ritual, huh. nothing but annoying atheist jerks who don't understand prayer. when you're sad and alone, you can only trust in yourself. no, you're wrong. you can only trust in money. oh, here we go. we've fallen behind with our jinchuriki hunt mostly because of your side job. i teamed up with you because you said religion is profitable. i've been left in charge of akatsuki finances. put yourself in my shoes. money is important. more importantly, search for the next one immediately. i'll take charge of the twotails. are you sure you're okay. you were in the hospital until only yesterday, right. that was just blown out of proportion. that's enough talking. let's continue the training that's what i'd like to say. but first let's confirm the basics. forget about that. let's hurry up and start the training for my new knockout jutsu. the super ultra deluxe rasengan, or the special naruto uzumaki rasengan, or something like that. that's what we're doing change in chakra nature training for, right. the five basic property types are fire, wind, water, lightning and earth. and in your case my chakra property is wind. then for the time being, shall we go with what we've done so far. right. multi shadow clone jutsu. steady and sharp. we did it. how about that, kakashi sensei.. huh. good grief. he pushes it even though he's still healing the multi shadow clone is primarily used as an approach for increasing the effects of the training. it's not necessary for showing the results of training. well, it is naruto's style, though. akatsuki's invasion how deep into the mountains is it. we're almost there. you've been saying that the whole time. come on. give me a break. we've got to climb again.. what if it turns out there's no jinchuriki.. i'll be really upset. i don't give a darn about you. if you keep wailing like a little kid i'll kill you. come on. don't give me that, kakuzu. oh, man. what an antisocial jerk. even if there are several changes this would be the best plan under the present conditions, huh. yes. get everything compiled and have it ready to transmit in two or three days. understood. sorry to cause you trouble but we can't just sit around doing nothing. are you awake. huh. again i you keep resting. fatigue tends to build up when using the multi shadow clones training approach. let's start the training again after you've rested a little while. what're we going to do next. next. the next step is to cut that waterfall. put your hands on the waterfall and cut it by hammering it with your wind chakra. cutthe waterfall. for this training, you need to instantly create a change in chakra nature in a large amount of chakra. or else you won't be able to cut the waterfall. you'll more or less be able to use it in real battle if you can pass this stage of training. kakashi sensei. if i can do that, it means i have learned my first change in chakra nature, right. all right, i'm getting better. i never thought that clumsy naruto would be able to create a change in chakra nature so soon. this training approach was a big success. break time is over. let's get right back to training. wood style jutsu. that will be your training area. right. but hold on. whoa what is it. you'll need yamato's chakra control at all times during this training. i'm counting on you, yamato. okay. preparations complete, naruto. multi shadow clone jutsu. form a mental image of my wind chakra and listen up. the wind change in chakra nature splits chakra in two and grinds them together. grinds them together. and then you build up the two chakra as if steadily sharpening them. as if steadilysharpening them that's right the trick is steadierand sharper. steady and sharp. let's go, guys. right. damn it. the water should splash just a bit let's go to the next one. right. as to be expected, this will probably take a while. well, be patient. that should be it for the ingredients now i can make him some of my special sakura food pills. i'm sure he'll force himself into doing more reckless training. geez getting stronger with determination just isn't done anymore. not only does excessive training take a toll on the body, but it could also have a reverse effect. not only that, he also has the physical idiosyncrasy that allows him to work much harder than other people. that's right. the least i can do is to help him any way i can. damn it. damn he'll probably start getting impatient pretty soon. this is a temple. is there a jinchuriki in a place like this. who knows. but this isn't an ordinary temple, so there's a good possibility. what was that.. someone destroyed the iron wall seal. report this to lord chiriku. it doesn't look like these guys want to convert to the jashin religion. none of these guys do that cloak it's the rumored no doubt about it. it's the akatsuki. we have intruders. who are they. they are with the akatsuki. i knew they'd come here eventually, but i'll go. everyone else provide backup. looks like we've got another virtuous looking one he's not just virtuous. he's got a 30 million ryo bounty on his head in our bingo book. hey you're not after money, are you. you'll go to hell if you kill a monk for something like that. money is the key that opens all doors. that's just what i want. i don't know what you guys want. but please leave quietly. no meaningless slaughter, huh. but it doesn't work like that in my religion. the temple of fire is the greatest shinobi temple in the land of fire. and it is said that all of the monks control the special power known as the gift of the sages. and the 30 millionryo man is a ninja who was once chosen as a member of the guardian shinobi twelve who protected the feudal lord of the land of fire. and the proof is that breechcloth with the land of fire emblem on it no kidding. is he that incredible. don't get careless. you'll die. don't give me that kakuzu. what's that.. i don't care. let's keep going. you're mine. oh. lord chiriku won. i'll give you a funeral. who would accept a different religion's funeral. i'd receive divine retribution from lord jashin now i'm mad hey if this guy isn't a jinchuriki i can defend my commandments, right. do as you like. but his body is worth money. don't go overboard make sure he's recognizable. exchanging life for money isn't something for people to do good grief. kakuzu. stay out of this. i'll take care ofthis guy. chiriku of the temple of fire will not lose to wicked men like you. raikei. thousand hand strike. it appears there was no jinchuriki here. let's move on to the next one as soon as i'm done with my prayer. no i'm taking this body to trade in for money. money comes first. listen, you're really starting to irritate me. really i've got to inform the hidden leaf then let's get going. the land of fire is huge. let's take our time. i knew we were falling behind because of you. ow. wait. hey. kakashi sensei. don't you think i need more shadow clones.. you can't cut the waterfall unless you perform the change in chakra nature on a large amount of wind chakra. the chakra for each clone will disperse if there are too many of them. and we can barely line up ten clones with the width of that waterfall. do you really want me to learn this or not then tell us the trick to get just a little bit better. you're not holding the chakra you've built up inside your body long enough. take your time and be more efficient. but if we don't get a move on, this won't be of any use in a real battle. you're in training right now. you don't need to be thinking about real battles. it will get quicker once you get used to it. but listen change in chakra nature training normally takes several years. under normal conditions, it takes six months to even cut a leaf. you completed that in only a few hours. no need to be so impatient. you're progressing several times faster than we expected. it even took a genius like sasuke several days to master the lightning change in chakra nature when i taught him the chidori. makeout tactics i have to catch up with sasuke. stabilize good grief tenzo understood. that was a little tough on you, huh. no. not at all. nnot in the least it was tough how's that, naruto.. now you've got nothing to gripe about, right.. multi shadow clone jutsu. whwhat did you say. the temple of fire was attacked.. it was probably guys from the akatsuki. they're going one by one to locations in the land of fire where there might be jinchuriki. they've come at last. we won't let them out of the land of fire. contact the twenty newly formed platoons immediately. yes, ma'am. i want to know what they're after, but they are pretty powerful. destroy them if they can't be restrained. next time: "under the starry sky" )