so you're sora, huh. i missed you. who're you.. hurry up get over here sora. who are you already.. how do you know my name. over here, come on. what's he planning. contact what the heck are you up to. what's that smell. i'll let you have one, too. whoa, hothot. a baked sweet potato. i was getting tired of waiting for you. and i got so bored i baked some sweet potatoes while i waited. oh. this is pretty good. sora. come on over here. you said you were waiting for me, right. you're hungry, aren't you. this is good. this is good. i told you. have some more. something smells that's because you're eating a sweet potato. the smell is carried on the wind as it blows through the smell of the earth from lord kitane's hidden tomb blasphemous. this jerk just shut up and eat what you've been served. the same goes for you. give back the four bodies. if you don't you'll receive divine retribution. i've been receiving divine retribution ever since i was born. but the funny thing is i just don't seem to die. you should do whatever you want it's not the time for you to be giving people retribution. that's right i will do what i want. so i'm going to beat you. don't mess with me. oh, what's the matter.. who the heckis this guy. oh, are you done already. i might've gone a little overboard but it'll be okay if i remove the scorched part. you're mine. wind style: scattering flower dance. she can usewind style earth, fire, water, lightning and wind she can use jutsu from all the chakra natures. are you surprised. there are still many things you don't know, boy about women, i mean. don't run away. i'm going to tell you about the mysteries of my female body. yikes. there's a mystery i don't want to know about fire style: phoenix flower jutsu. water style: mouth of the serpent. damn it. what's going on. uh oh. lightning style: earth flash. what's the matter, huh.. are you done already. damn it. you've got spirit. now i think it's about time you showed me your true power. and do it without using a toy like this. no good, huh. hold it what is this. oh, but this sensation if you want to see my power that badly take a good look. yes. yes. butit's still not complete it looks like you've finally gotten motivated. do your chattering in hell. that's a fine wind. beast wave: palm hurricane. we've got to join up with the others quick i'm worried about naruto and sora sai. i just got a little lightheaded. let's find naruto and the others quickly. the poison spread faster than i thought if you show weakness once in a while, you can get closer to people i won't allow it if you say that was written in a book. you don't find the most important things in books. you just have to physically learn things like that. you're right. where is everyone. then i'll use this shadow clone jutsu. oh, the wind stopped. all right. whoa, what's this.. how dare you how dare you kill me. huh.. what.. is it a substitution. you're the bane of women, boy. do you have any idea how many years it took to grow my hair this long. hair is the most important thing to a woman you will take responsibility for damaging my most important feature. i can't move. is this a paralysis jutsu. damn it. just like that now boy, let's share a hot kiss. but your soul will be mine. sstay away. now damn it. where'd he go. what.. what the heck happened here. it's your power. you altered the landscape with the power you unleashed in an attempt to repel my jutsu. this is your true power this ismy true power that's right. heaven granted you that power. it's still got a long way to go. it will become a much more massive power. so much so that you won't be able to remain suppressed in that tiny little temple that's why you must seriously consider how you use that power. cut out the gibberish. will you use it for your own gain or as outbursts of your emotion. or will you go beyond your home and village and offer up that power for this nation, the land of fire. i see. i might very well be a terrible guy. but in life those four people in the hidden tombs fought and died for the land of fire. if i were to say i was going to use the bodies for the land of fire i wonder if they would nail me with divine retribution. for the land of fire that's right. i will use this power for the land of fire. who the heck are you. i've once held you as a baby. i knowyour father what did you say. reaper kiss. what. my chakra what is this place. nnaruto. yyou. what're you doing.. no, something's wrong you sayyou know my dad. naruto.. naruto. let naruto go. are you okay, sakura. captain yamato. i won't let you interfere. earth style: stone pillar prison jutsu. oh no. what.. what is this evil chakra.. fouka.. damn you. you jerks. i'll give all of you posthumous names. sora huh.. what. oh, this is the kid oh, he's the one, huh. i've come to back you up. nobody asked for that. you're the one who called for help. i didn't call for help or anything like that. i see but as long as i'm here, i have no choice let's go. right. naruto. sora. it's dangerous to fight. get out of there. i don't think so. it appears we'll just have to do this. it's three against two. it's four against one because you'll just get in the way. naruto. what is it. heck if i know. i'm sorry we're late. assistance is here. chiriku lord chiriku. now what will you do.. isn't it about time. you're right. it doesn't look like we need to stall for time. who the heck is he. to the hidden leaf. yes. we have to go back to the village hidden in the leaves for a bit. now that things have turned out this way, we need to once again solicit instruction from the hokage. and our team will probably continue to be in charge of this incident. how about it, sora. could you help us out. unfortunately, as you can see, it will take time for sai to recover. since you're from the fire temple and have been protecting the hidden tombs, i think you would more than adequately fill the gap left by sai. we don't need to force ourselves to ask him to come, do we. naruto. for once can't you think about where you are.. you really will receive divine retribution. seeing the outside world might also be good training for you. either way, you're the one who must decide, sora. they weren't targeting chiriku with their traps. then we can presume that okay, i have to write up a report, so i'm out of here. and i have to take sai to the hospital. let's go, sai. right. huh. wait a minute. i need to continue my training kakashi sensei isn't back yet, right. you show sora around the leaf. i refuse. who'd want to hang around with this guy. don't complain. we're counting on you, naruto. sora's now our teammate on team kakashi, so next time: "teammate" )