we just received word from the fourth company. lord danzo's anbu bodyguards have been reanimated. you mean torune and foo who were listed as missing. probably. so they were killed. yes. both of them. only torune has been confirmed. notify every company. he is to be sealed the moment he is located. is he that formidable. he's the son of shikuro aburame. if he's being controlled through the reanimation, there's a horrible possibility he will use a forbidden jutsu. get word to naruto too. i wonder what happened to foo, lord danzo's other bodyguard. that's right. he belonged to the yamanaka clan. yes. i didn't want him to join the foundation. what's the matter. even if it's a forbidden jutsu, why resist. nothing is forbidden anymore. jar of poison jutsu. you certainly know your stuff. i'm counting on you to finish it. damn it. to be forced to use this forbidden jutsu. shino vs. torune good job finding me. my beetles notified me. you're.shino. torune. is that you, torune. yeah. based on your appearance, it seems you were reanimated. that's right. which means.you died. unfortunately, yes. how is lord danzo. i heard he died. i see. so madara killed him after that. it was not quite like that. but never mind please tell me what all this is. it's the jar of poison jutsu. insects are rapidly multiplying in this hole. do you remember my venomous beetles. i would never forget. that's because we grew up together like brothers. have you gotten used to the academy yet. not yet. that's because my class is so rowdy. i prefer playing with insects like this. that won't do. in time, you will go on missions. when you do, having friends and not having friends will make a huge difference. torune, you didn't go to the academy, did you. that's because i'm special even within the clan. special in what way. i guess it's time i told you. my body is host to. nanosized venomous beetles with extremely toxic poison. my body has antibodies for the poison. but if any other living thing is infected, the cells in its body will be destroyed and it'll die. don't touch it. these venomous beetles thrive only in living cells. they destroy cells as they multiply. if their host dies, the venomous beetles will also die. like a virus. yes. these insects can only survive in my body. that's why i can't touch anyone. torune, so it's not that you didn't go to the academy, you couldn't go there. that's because. you're right. but you're different. you must get used to the academy quickly and make friends. charge. huh. hey, there are bugs on your desk. he's right. that's because they're my insects. oh, so you collect bugs. don't most people collect rhinoceros beetles or staghorn beetles. say, let's throw these bugs at the girls in class. wouldn't it be fun watching them scream their heads off like "eeek". these insects aren't for that purpose. bugs are bugs. let's do it. let's make 'em scream, like "eeek". make who scream. eeek. i don't understand this thing about friendship. that's because everyone is so different. even if they're different, if you spend time together, aren't they your friends. well then, i'd have to consider my entire class my friends. it's not like that. you analyze things too much. dad. is he your son. yes. he's at a suitable age to enter the foundation. pardon. as you know, the foundation is where anbu agents are developed. those who show great promise are selected when they are still young. the foundation is being reorganized and i would like the aburame clan to send us someone. has lord third approved this. selecting recruits to the foundation is wholly under my jurisdiction. every clan that possesses a hidden jutsu, including the yamanaka and uchiha clans, has sent someone. but shino is. he's your son. he must be exceptional. what is this about, dad. let me make it clear. this is not a request, but an order. but that's. if he wants someone exceptional, won't i do. torune. and you are. from the looks of you, you're not even a genin. i'm the son of shikuro aburame. shikuro had a son. as fate would have it, we became his guardians. you couldn't bring him out into the open, huh. interesting. he's a bit older than i'd like, but. the foundation will take this boy in. i should tell you. you can't team me up with anyone. get off your high horse. you aren't the only one who knows a secret ninjutsu. come to my place tomorrow morning. understood. torune. are you sure about this. it's not like joining the foundation will kill me. but we won't be able to see each other anymore. this is goodbye. but why, torune. entering the foundation means abandoning everything until now, as well as your future. thank you. thank you for all you've done. those venomous beetles are extremely lethal, but they can only be transmitted through touch. so what is the meaning of this jutsu. this jar of poison jutsu requires a large amount of flesh. that's why it's considered a forbidden jutsu. but i was able to gather many from the battlefield. with this amount of cells, the insects won't die. they'll just keep multiplying while the decaying flesh releases gas. i see. so it's the gas and the gas is then ignited. the cells carrying my venomous beetles will scatter and infect everyone in the surrounding area. that's what the forbidden jar of poison jutsu is. so it doesn't discriminate between friend or foe. hurry and call for reinforcements. you won't be able to stop me by yourself. no, i'm probably the only one who can. it's useless, shino. i underwent rigorous training at the foundation. i know that all of you in the foundation are skilled. i never thought it possible, but i even made a friend in the foundation. hidden jutsu. beetle sphere. foo. did you make any friends. shino. i don't know if i have friends. that's because i'm not sure if they consider me their friend. always analyzing. to me, it's just judging things accurately. i think it was a good thing that i joined the foundation. with my physical constitution, i couldn't be an ordinary shinobi, taking on ordinary missions. however, the foundation's anbu was a good fit for me. as someone who uses a secret ninjutsu. making contact with your opponent is the basis of your jutsu. i want to see how good you are at taijutsu. spar with foo. but my body is. lord danzo has told me about you. the main thing is to avoid touching your skin, right. and besides, you won't be able to touch me. what did you say. you just entered the foundation today. don't think you're my equal. begin. you call that being on guard. if i were serious, you'd be dead by now. lord danzo wants to know your true strength. you have to fight seriously. come on. you're all talk. show him. there you go. hold it right there. damn it. from here on, you two will form a cell. foo, teach torune about the foundation. yes, sir. with him. the mind transfer jutsu and the venomous beetle jutsu should work well together. do you know what happened to foo. no, i don't. you were both listed as mia. i see. maybe foo's also been reanimated somewhere. we have no reports about that. shino, why waste time listening to me ramble about my past. you haven't called for help. how do you intend to stop me. i know you're trying to buy time. that's because the insects require more time to multiply. you intend to die together with me. but that's futile. don't attempt close combat with me. if i can't use my beetles, this is the only way. then get someone who's skilled in longdistance combat. as well as a sealing jutsu user. i don't know of anyone who fits that description right now. shino. you're.naruto. yeah, but i'm a clone. i came over 'cuz i sensed your chakra. is that the guy hq sent messages about. i'm impressed you recognized my chakra. it's from my training. no, i didn't mean it that way. shino, don't let him attack recklessly. i just have to pulverize him, right. if you do that, the venomous beetles will scatter. besides, our opponent is a reanimation. we have to seal him. also, don't touch him, because his venomous beetles will infect you. not only by touch. poison cloud jutsu. get away. and definitely, do not inhale. that's what happens if you touch him or inhale it. naruto, don't you have a sealing jutsu. no. do you. i've been given sealing tags, but i have no way to apply them. get rid of those tags, shino. i'll be forced to destroy anyone who gets in my way. my body will attack on its own. i won't let you lay a finger on shino. i'll stop your attacks. naruto, you're the one who can't lay a finger on him. i get it, shino. watch out, jinchuriki. the assassination jutsu of the foundation. like i care. rasengan. no. get away. naruto. shino. damn it. jinchuriki, take me down. seal me. otherwise, i'll continue to.. hey, are you all right.. get back, naruto. huh. you're.. from here on, as insect users, let's settle this just between us. shino, how in the world.. i know you touched my venomous beetles. your venomous beetles touched my beetles. you were like an older brother to me. i wanted a keepsake from you, so i nurtured and bred those venomous beetles. i raised them by feeding them my beetles. several years later, after many generations of offspring. beetles with antibodies against the venomous beetles were born. they are those beetles. with the antibody, they won't die even if they come in contact with your venomous beetles. you may be an insect user, but no one can host such a unique insect. especially not in this quantity. yes, i carried about ten with me. then i made them multiply here. maybe it's the effect of the jutsu barrier, but it took less time than i calculated. shino, you're. i know you're trying to buy time. that's because the insects require more time to multiply. you never skip a detail. but not like before. that's because i'm not alone anymore. forgive me, but i must seal you. you don't need to apologize. say, what do we do about all this inside the hole. don't worry. the jutsu user has been sealed away. eventually, these insects will die. so it's all over. please go, naruto. kiba and hinata are over that way. right. torune, i'm grateful to you. i'm glad i didn't have to join the foundation. that's because. hey, what about you. hurry up, shino. that's because, i was able to make friends. i know i've been told to leave naruto alone. but not the eight tails. i want to conduct lord orochimaru's tests on him. bee, i have just the reanimated saved for you. this guy's.. you're the former jinchuriki, fukai. next time on naruto shippuden: "a hole in the heart: the other jinchuriki" it's been awhile, bee. a hole in the heart: the other jinchuriki tune in again. )