oh, so you draw. i thought you were drawing a landscape since you're outside. but it's an abstract, isn't it. so do you have a title for it. well. you haven't decided on one yet. i don't know. to be exact, i couldn't title one of my drawings even if i wanted to. nothing comes to mind. i don't feel anything. your drawing's nothing special. you're right. just like your "equipment. " i'm going to be honest with you. i don't like you. if you've got a problem, just drop the fake smile and tell me straight to my face. i'll fight you anytime, anywhere. i don't have a problem with you. i don't care about you at all. work on the central part of the city seems to be going smoothly. sai's day off there's not enough help along the perimeter of the village. all right. let's start the treasure hunt.  yeah.  yeah. hello. is there a lost doll in here. i'll take you back home with me. it's dangerous to play here. the rubble might fall and cause it to cavein. i didn't mean to scare her. what happened. that man said wow. you're good. it's the children from earlier. are you a manga artist. or are you a painter. or are you a wandering traveler. no, i'm not. then what are you doing drawing here. i had the day off today, so i took a walk to see how things were going in the village. hey, hey can you show us your other drawings. well, my drawings are not for others to see. oh no, i shouldn't have said it like that. i managed to fool them. wait. i got you. stay, stay. don't move. my pants just ripped. hey. you went home yesterday with torn clothes too. my dad says kids should be energetic and active enough to have stuff like that happen. put yourself in your mom's place sometimes. she's the one who has to mend them day in and day out. uhuh, here we go again. shut up, ugly. who are you calling "ugly"..  my mistake, my mistake.  hey wait. cha. ouch. it's just like watching naruto and sakura. i'll teach you. ouch. my head got hit. that's right. sakura hit me hard like that too. i'm sorry. please forgive naruto. it's okay. it doesn't bother me. really. thank goodness. i don't care if you forgive me or not. you fooled me, with that fake smile of yours earlier. although that was much too intense just for a joke. are these your friends. huh. well no, i guess they're my comrades. aren't comrades your friends. that's a difficult question. the bond that naruto feels with sasuke. perhaps i've never experienced anything that strong. sai, stay out of this. naruto, you don't have to get punched for sasuke's sake. sasuke keeps hurting you over and over again. if i were you. i just felt i should do something, as a member of team kakashi. but because of that, i think i made things more painful for naruto and sakura. it's like naruto has been shouldering the burden of his promise to you. as though he intends to bear that burden for the rest of his life. i don't know what you told naruto. but it's no different from what was done to me. it's like a curse mark. sasuke is the source of naruto's agony. but aren't you a part of it too. sasuke keeps getting farther and farther away from me. but naruto, you've always stuck by my side and cheered me up. i finally realized, naruto, your true self. meanwhile, sasuke keeps adding to his list of crimes, and breaking my heart. continually becoming more of a stranger. but naruto, i'm able to be close to you like this. you comfort me. i care about you, from the bottom of my heart. cut it out, sakura. this joke isn't funny at all. i hate people who lie to themselves. as a result, sakura set out alone to settle things with sasuke. after i told naruto about sakura's true intentions, he was in such turmoil, that he lost consciousness. if i had been a true friend, would i have handled it differently. i've never been here before. we need to gather more workers tomorrow. wouldn't it be faster if we used paper bombs to clear everything. idiot. if you do that, you'll blast away everything.  we can't do that.  yeah, you're right. oh, excuse us, fella. so the damage extends this far. how terrible. by chance, are you related to the family who lived here. no, i'm just passing through. oh, pardon me. well, i live next door. i was going to let you know if you were family, that they are staying at the evacuation shelter. i'm glad they're okay. yes, although their house is totally ruined. i understand it's going to be demolished tomorrow. i see. they say all things eventually decay. but this is still so tragic. everyone is gone, and i can feel the loneliness. good evening. what are you doing. it's obvious just by looking that no one lives here. no, but i was thinking more along the lines of something else "living" here. do you mean ghosts. that's ridiculous. keep your opinions to yourself. okay, okay. we'll be spending the night here. you are such an idiot. sai. i need to talk to you. sai, i want you to fight me seriously. and what good would that do. just fight me and you'll understand. i'm aware of your strength without having to do that. then try and dodge me. shadow clone jutsu. damn it. i see. he's trying to prevent me from using my super beast scroll. sorry, but i'm leaving right now. he's persistent. i have no choice but to settle this. naruto, sai. one minute you're both gone, and this is what i find you two doing. really, how many times do you have to make me repeat myself. you started it, didn't you, naruto. and sai, don't accept a challenge so quickly. anyway, i'd say this match. goes to naruto. i misjudged you. i never thought that you'd transform into captain yamato. i didn't expect you to be so sly. you totally fooled me. all this time, i thought you were only capable of straightforward and direct combat. but don't think for a minute, that this kind of victory means you're stronger than i am. if you do, you're just being smug. it's not like that at all. remember what captain yamato said. you and me, we're a team. when one moves, the partner backs him up. we have a buddy system. from now on, as we try to get sasuke back, if an enemy appears and gets in our way, we need to know how we fight to be more effective. you're more levelheaded than i am. you might figure out a way to make better use of my strengths. that was in the back of my mind. and then, if sasuke returns, i'll be able to leave team kakashi, right. yeah, i can't wait. naruto firmly believed that he would bring sasuke back. and after working together, i started to feel the depth of his conviction. but as for sasuke. how do you do. my name is sai. so you're sasuke uchiha. get lost. sasuke. such cold, frightening eyes. and deep within, that coldness was like a smoldering fire. naruto must have seen those eyes too. all the time you wasted pursuing me might have been better spent training, right, naruto. that's why this time around, my whim is telling me that you'll lose your life. when i saw those eyes, i knew that no words could reach sasuke. but naruto's feelings didn't change at all. i used to really hate sasuke. but it was actually fun being with him. he's the only person who acknowledged me, more than anyone else. sasuke is my friend. it's a special bond i was finally able to make. even so, with orochimaru as your opponent. if my arms get ripped off, i'll kick him down. if my legs get ripped off, i'll bite him down. if my head gets ripped off, i'll stare him down. if my eyes get gouged out, i'll curse him out. even if i get chopped up into pieces, i'll take sasuke back from orochimaru. until then, i lived in a world filled with lies and betrayal. naruto made me remember how important it is to have faith in people. i wanted to see just how strong this bond is. so i withdrew from my mission and made up my mind to bring sasuke back. and here i am today, still a member of team kakashi. please don't mention naruto's actions when you report to the hokage. say there's no movement yet. it seems you still do not trust me. you work under danzo and your job is to keep an eye on naruto. however, you are also a member of my team 7. so i do believe in you. what is this feeling. naruto, sasuke, sakura. i don't know what the future holds, but i have a feeling that those three share a bond so strong that no one will be able to break it. and some day, i will too. you really are like him. my older brother. he was talkative and he would lose his temper. he had no manners and his "equipment" was. well, never mind. but, just like you, he put all he had in everything he did. when i look at you, i kind of remember him. is that. i remember. i remember. this is what i wanted to show him. the picture of our dreams. well, well. just as i expected. that was perfect teamwork. aren't you. you're kosuke, right. who is this again. he's been a genin for fifty years. he's kosuke, also known as the eternal genin. we've met him before. that's right. i was much obliged to you back then. next time on naruto shippuden: "the legendary inoshikacho" i want to ask you something. tune in again. )