say, that boy he's the one. the only one who failed to make it. humph. good for him. it would be terrible if someone like him became a ninja. i mean that boy is actually don't say another word. it's taboo. damn. what's with all this.. heir to darkness good thing i took extra measures, just in case. they haven't returned yet. naruto. why you. wait, naruto. stop. no, captain yamato. let me just say this. old man tonbei. you knew the forbidden jutsu was embedded into hotaru's back, didn't you.. answer me. the forbidden jutsu is in that girl. friends of the hidden leaf please stop. it was my grandfather. you served hotaru's grandfather all through the years, didn't you. so why didn't you stop him.. please stop, naruto. no, i won't stop. because of that because of that, you're i asked that it be done. what did you say. ii asked for the forbidden jutsu. lady hotaru hotaru why do such a thing. tonbei i'm glad you're all right. i should say that about you, lady hotaru. friends of the hidden leaf sir utakata i am beholden to you for all you have done for us. don't mention it. but the tsuchigumo village was already under the bandit's control. i see and that is why you returned here yes. never mind that. tell us the rest of what you were saying earlier. about the forbidden jutsu. it was grandfather's dream. en no gyoja's. the tsuchigumo clan was once hailed as a proud clan. by possessing a powerful forbidden jutsu, we were said to even be able to tilt the balance of the great ninja war. but at the same time, our clan was targeted often because of the forbidden jutsu. and one life after another was lost. when the great war was over, only a few remained who could wield the forbidden jutsu. furthermore, lord en no gyoja and the village elder had disagreements over the clan's survival. this led to the clan splitting into two groups with one in the tsuchigumo village and the other at mount katsuragi. however, lord en no gyoja was already quite advanced in years and few opted to follow him to mount katsuragi. hotarui'm counting on you. the future of the tsuchigumo clan grandfather. grandfather believed that protecting the tsuchigumo name was the way to make amends and honor those who lost their lives for the forbidden jutsu. that is why i want to carry on the wish of my grandfather, who was my master. how stupid. just for that you had the forbidden jutsu embedded in your body. for your master, for your clan it's all so stupid. even so, it's a student's duty to carry out the wishes of her master. hotaru you wouldn't understand master utakatahow i feel. lady hotaru, perhaps sir utakata is right. tonbei. it is evident that the tsuchigumo clan no longer has the strength to safeguard the forbidden jutsu. if we allowed the misuse of the forbidden jutsu, lord en no gyoja would surely turn in his grave. to prevent its misuse, we have no choice but to destroy the jutsu. destroy. and how would you do that.. the forbidden jutsu is inside hotaru's body. you don't mean. don't get me wrong. mr. tonbei you mustn't move too much. do not be concerned. what is this. lord en no gyoja entrusted me with that scroll. it contains the way to remove the forbidden jutsu from lady hotaru's body. is there such a method. lord en no gyoja would never have embedded the forbidden jutsu into lady hotaru without a way to remove it. what kind of master would even think of such a thing. please forgive me. i should have advised you sooner. once it is removed from your body, the forbidden jutsu will no longer have any power. i also longed to restore the clan's former glory. without the forbidden jutsu, that dream would fade. but this is how it should be. you can't be serious. friends of the hidden leaf please help me remove the forbidden jutsu from lady hotaru. however, we cannot make such decisions on our own. then hurry up and get granny tsunade's permission. we can't just leave hotaru like this. please wait. i haven't decided to let go of the forbidden jutsu yet. but lady hotaru not only the forbidden jutsu, but also your life would be in peril. it's my life. come to your senses. sir utakata ii'm sorry. are you telling me to abandon my clan pride and honor.. hey, wait. naruto. i'll bring her back. lady hotaru i'll go and convince her. hold on, please. we cannot let you move around. she can't have gone far. i'll be right back. i won't put hotaru in danger. all right. sakura, go with him. yes, sir. i'd be better at scouting her out. there's something i want you to do right now. yes, sir. grandfather hotarutake a look. once, the tsuchigumo clan was known far beyond those mountains, and all one could see from here was part of our lands. our clan was so grand, wasn't it. are you crying. grandfather was i wrong. if i had not been the leader, would the tsuchigumo clan. so your grandfather's grave is here. i picked those near by. thank you, naruto. with a view like this, your grandpa must be very happy to be buried here. i'm sure he's worried about you. he's right. let's go back, hotaru. sir utakata. well. let's go. but i if you truly wish to restore your clan's glory, you don't need to rely on such a thing. having too much power only gives rise to suffering. i'm the prime example right, naruto. huh. there's still one other way. another way. there is someone named shiranami among the tsuchigumo clan who is able to use the forbidden jutsu. who's shiranami. he is grandfather's student. en no gyoja's student. well, more correctly, he is the student's student. sir shiranami's father, sir hato, was my grandfather's first student. i have heard that he was brilliant with exceptional ninjutsu skills. and it was said that his son, sir shiranami, was even more skilled. but during the great war, sir shiranami's father was killed trying to protect the forbidden jutsu. grandfather sensed that sir shiranami was also in danger and had him flee the village. grandfather often said that if those two were here now, this village would not be in such dire straits. so where is this shiranami fellow now. you know of anything. well there's no telling when the bandits will return. we have no time to look for shiranami. make up your mind, hotaru. all right then. i'll go and find this shiranami. what are you talking about.. actuallyhotaru i'm sorta in the same dilemma as you. you too, naruto. narutothat's i can't go into detail, but deep down, i've always been troubled by it. anyway, i can be like this now because people like sakura, the pervy sage and all the rest of my friends have stayed by me. but hotaru, you're awfully strong. you accepted those troubles and you've suffered all alone. carrying your clan and your grandpa's dream on your shoulders. that's why i want you to fulfill your dream. if this shiranami fellow is found, he'll be an ally, right. then you won't be alone. and you don't have to suffer by yourself. naruto now don't worry. just leave it to me, naruto uzumaki. give me oneno, two days. i'll find shiranami without fail. what a surprise. i never would've guessed my name would be mentioned here. is there some kind of trouble. i see it's pretty much what i imagined. what will you do. it will be dangerous to keep the forbidden jutsu intact. but it says here they want to keep the forbidden jutsu and guard the girl at the leaf village. without a doubt, it's necessary to keep the forbidden jutsu from falling into a third party's possession. cripes i acted like finding the guy was no big deal for me, but where do i start looking. well, it's no use thinking about it. this calls for the strength in numbers approach. multishadow clone jutsu. naruto is. indeed, if shiranami returns to the village, we could can he find him in only two days. we may not be able to wait that long. if the bandits attack again before naruto returns you're right just in case, we'll make preparations and stand by to purge the forbidden jutsu. you understand, hotaru. it looks like the diremption jutsu requires potions. sakura, you'll be in charge. mix the potion and be ready. understood. lord en no gyoja would never have embedded the forbidden jutsu into lady hotaru without a way to remove it. what kind of master would even think of such a thing. mmaster.. no, utakata. he didn't harusame didn't try to kill you. it wasn't like that. could it be that tsurugi spoke the truth. if so, then what was master trying to tell me. i must speak to tsurugi once more. say, ever heard of a guy named shiranami. do you know a guy named shiranami. i see don't know him, huh. anything you know. if you find out, tell me, naruto of the hidden leaf. it's no use i've used up my chakra and i don't even have a clue. what's the matter. standing in the middle of the road like this. well i'm looking for someone and just can't seem to find him. hmm who might that be. a guy named shiranami. shiranami oh, there is such a man. no kidding. is that true.. are you sure about this, old man.. yes. there's a man by that name who lives in a small hut by the waterfall beyond this mountain, and does ninja training. beyond this mountain, right.. thanks, old man. found him. sir utakata don't tell me he already left come on out, tsurugi. tell me what you had to say one more time. utakata is on the move. i seeutakata is he trying to lure me. let's go. yes, sir. what.. i finally got a lead. this shiranami of the tsuchigumo clan was supposed to be a skilled ninja i'm sure the guy training in the mountains must be the one hotaru is looking for. looks like i'll make it within the time i promised. just sit tight, hotaru. i'll bring him to you right away. next time on naruto shippuden: "separation" i've been looking for you, shiranami. tune in again. )