has your socalled test produced a result. i believe it's already been proven that they consider the bonds of friendship more important than the rules of the village. hmm. so there's no need to continue this test. you will release all the hidden leaf shinobi you've abducted, right.. father. what. the masked man is neji's.. i figured it was about time you'd want this. how thoughtful of you. here you go. whoa. that sure hits the spot. all right, the continuation. jiraiya ninja scrolls: the tale of naruto the herothe caged bird that's fine. where are you keeping everyone. i trust they're safe. of course. i'll have the three lead you to them immediately. you can go and gather everyone. all right. i have to tie up some loose ends, i'll join you afterwards. you got that, everyone. we're joining up as one team to look for asuma, i mean our friends, and rescue them. right. all right, let's get going. hold it, naruto. what is it. you're the one who said we're going to rescue our friends. yeah, i did. but we don't even know where they are. not even one clue. unless, naruto, you have intel that we don't. yeah, yeah. you think i'd have that kind of intel.  huh.  huh. your fighting skills may've improved slightly, but your brain's still the same. what.. hey. stop fighting. i guess that's the tracking team's cue. i don't think you'll be needed. huh.. neji, i'm glad you're safe. sorry to have worried you. what happened to the enemy.  did you bring him down.  no. you let him get away. no, that's not it, but. then what happened. naruto. give neji a chance to speak. damn it. oh, okay. so. what's going on, neji. finally, we're up. i've been bored to death. the test is over. so i'm dismissing the mercenaries. you can't do that. take a look. my art has been damaged and you expect me to just leave. everything is complete. i was able to verify the truth. you're dismissed. huh. hey wait, partner. the job's complete. once we get paid, we're done. guess it can't be helped. huh.. huh.. hhey. wait a second. i'd like you to tie up some loose ends. "loose ends" you say. help the evacuated villagers return to their homes. we'll be happy to do that. and there's one more thing i'd like to request. anyway, that's it. so you're saying everything that happened was just an experiment by this masked man. hold on. guy sensei and the others are safe. yeah. he promised he'd free all the hostages and lead us to them. "lead us to them". what does that mean. who the hell are you guys.. we're not your enemy. first of all, we want to show you a sign of mutual trust. we apologize for getting you involved in our employer's test. the test is over. your friends will be freed. are you serious. we are hidden rain shinobi. we travel around the land in search of those who share our vision for the future of the shinobi world. we're team jiraiya. team jiraiya.. you guys know pervy sage. yes. he saved our lives and he was our ninjutsu master. i get it now. when we were attacked, i didn't sense any malice. because it was just a test. so, did we pass the test. i believe so. that's why we're telling you where your friends are. konan. shinobi ageha butterflies. the butterflies will guide you to your friends. we must go return the villagers to their homes. so we'll be leaving. hold it. damn it. i wanted to hear more about pervy sage. so we just follow.them. neji. shinobi ageha butterflies. they're over there. that structure, huh. all right. let's go save everyone. wait. there could be traps he's not even listening. damn it. everyone. this is embarrassing. guy sensei, i'm so glad you're okay. oh. i'm superovercome with emotion. to be rescued by my pupil is more than i ever deserve. ouch. can you be a little gentler. but it's just a scratch. asuma. are you hurt anywhere. no. sorry we made you worry. i'm so relieved. anyway, what was this incident all about anyway. are you guys able to explain it to us. yyeah. allow me to me explain. wait. he's no longer our enemy. it's all right. okay, then. no way.you're. you're.hizashi hyuga. impossible. you're supposed to have died when i was three years old. what. well, let me explain that part. neji. when lady hinata was three years old, a major crisis hit the hidden leaf village. shinobi from the hidden cloud attempted to kidnap you. but lord hiashi killed them. the hidden cloud was at fault. naturally, relations became strained and the threat of war loomed. in order to prevent fighting, the hidden leaf secretly negotiated with the hidden cloud and accepted their conditions. rather, they had no choice but to accept. what was the condition. the head of the hyuga who possessed the kekkei genkai, the byakugan. in other words, they demanded the leaf hand over the corpse of lady hinata's father, hiashi hyuga. and so, hiashi hyuga's younger twin, my father hizashi hyuga became his standin. and peace in the village was maintained. as for my father's decision and the circumstances behind that, you saw it for yourself, naruto. the terrible system of the curse mark that's been passed down within the hyuga to protect the main family. we are alive, but are unable to change the currents of fate. what you saw was my father, who by his own will, chose to defy his fate. kakashi. this has caused everyone much stress. you're supposed to be dead, so how. at first, i didn't understand either. but after a long slumber, i awakened. .and found myself within a certain man's hideout. you have been revived thanks to my reanimation jutsu. but it was also because your heart still had attachments to this world. i have no attachments. i wanted to die. .for the sake of the clan. it was your wish to give up your life, you say. but if your death was in vain. perhaps that man was right. i did feel that way at the time. that is why i planned this incident. i hoped that my death was not in vain. that my death would provide the impetus. for the hidden leaf village to rethink the cruel rules and destinies which took away my life. well, all that doesn't matter anymore. i'm a man who should not exist in this world. however, it seems i cannot undo this jutsu myself. i want you to return to the village and look into how to release this jutsu. but before that. i would like to speak with my son neji, alone. neji, do you remember that day. neji. you must survive. you have been blessed with the gifts of the hyuga, more so than anyone else in the clan. how i wish you had been born into the main family. although it was to protect the village, our clan, and you, the result of defying the fate of the hyuga, has brought you nothing but sadness. on top of that, i was worried about your future, tied as it was to the hyuga's destiny. yes. it was only natural, having lost you, i used that as motivation to live every day resenting and cursing my destiny as a hyuga. but meeting a certain genin changed my way of thinking. i'm destined to bear the burden of a mark i can never remove. how can you possibly even understand.. i do understand. and, so what of it. quit trying to show off. you're not the only one who's special. everyone is desperate to defy their own destiny. you're no different. i'm definitely gonna bring you down and prove it to you. the hyuga destiny of whatever that you despise. if it's too much for you, then forget about it and don't do anything. when i become the hokage. i'll change.the hyuga. naruto uzumaki taught me. that even a caged bird, if it's smart enough, will use its beak to open the latch. because it wants to fly free across the sky. in any case, maybe i'll end up in the same place. but when people have a choice, they can strive hard towards their goal in life. and, for someone to have that, means they are truly strong. and father. i have just one goal. to become stronger. to become someone who cannot be defeated. that's how i feel right now. you've made a wonderful friend. neji. although right now, he's a rival. father. seems like we don't need to find a way to release the jutsu. yeah. you've grown up well. father. father. guy. it seems hizashi's greatest regret was not being able to guide you into adulthood. yes. i'm glad the villagers are back home and peace has returned to this village. yes. so what do we do now. are you thinking of joining up with the hidden leaf genin. yeah. although we're from different villages, i feel like we can call them comrades. perhaps the day will come when we'll team up with them. nagato, what's that. doesn't it belong to those children. i found it on the road to the village. it was chaotic, with everyone trying to get home, and they probably dropped it. they're probably making a big fuss about their missing stuffed animal. all right, i'll go return it to them. yahiko. i'll be right back. wait here. all right. let's hurry home, so i can report to dad. all right then naruto, let's race back to the village. i won't lose. neither will i. i said i'm not gonna lose. same here. me too. me. where does all that energy come from. really. hey, wait. my body's still not. wwhy don't we rest a bit. oh boy. what. what is going on. yahiko. nagato. damn it, jiraiya. why did he write something that leaves such a bad aftertaste. i need to know how the story continues. i thought you might like a little something for tea. perhaps this was a bad time. no, not at all. i was feeling a little hungry. next time on naruto shippuden: "returning home. " all right, the continuation. jiraiya ninja scrolls: the tale of naruto the heroreturning home tune in again. )