you won't get awaythis time here he comes. right. right. he's fast. damn it. i can't move. kakashi hatake i was planning to replace the hearts i lost with yours but i changed my mind. i can get more hearts anytime i want, after all die. wind style: rasengan. water style: ripping torrent. hurricane vortex jutsu. hurricane vortex jutsu. sorrywe're late. perfect timing thanks for the support sakurasaiand naruto. i've never seen you this beat. sorry about that. this enemymust be pretty strong. when you curse someone, you dig your own grave more strange people and he is pretty messed up already naruto, are you okay. where is shikamaru. he's a little ways off fighting the other enemy. i want two of you to head towards shikamaru. preferably, a longdistance fighter and a medic. i'll take care of it. all right. sai and sakura follow pakkun's lead and support shikamaru. yes. yes. hah. what's this unorganized gang trying to do. now there're more hearts for me to choose from. from here on, this one's mine. naruto we're off. naruto, i leave it to you. did youcomplete it. noonly about 50 percent. i see but well, just watch. naruto is not the same person he used to be. this way. either way to go against an opponent who killed asuma alone is shikamarukun i mean, shikamaru going to be all right. shikamaru is fine. he isthe most intelligent shinobi in the land of fire. okay well then, let's go. sheesh he has absolutely no interest. i can't believe he's a subcaptain. don't say that. it's difficult for him to show any interest. in fact, i bet he hates showing it. he's trying really hard to show disinterest. i don't get it lady tsunade, aren't you overrating him. i think i am still underrating him this is. we recently received an official offer from a feudal lord in the land of fire they want shikamaru as a member of the feudal lord's personal guard division. it seems shikamaru's role as an administrator during the last chunin exam caught the attention of one of the lord's assistants. that means yes. the guard's division is like the guardian shinobi twelve. this means a lot. amazing then did shikamaru. accept the offer. that boy i heard you rejected the feudal lord's offer. yeah it's not a bad idea to experience the world outside. i don't think i'd be here now if i had not been part of the guardian shinobi twelve. it doesn't matter. i hate tedious stuff and that won't change in the future. it's just that how should i put it it's because i'm concerned about choji and ino and the other guys in the unit. and well, naruto so i'm just hanging around. i see you also have the will of fire. the will of fire the thing the third used to talk about. that's right. it refers to the strong will of wanting to protect this village. it's nothing that noble. don't be shy. you're concerned about them, so you want to protect them, right. we're all ninja of the leaf. it's bound to happen, even though it's not really my thing. the will of fire shines upon the village. well, that's what my dad told me. then, i'll shine light on you someday. just kidding. no need to worry about shikamaru. besides, this is the battle to avenge asuma sensei. shikamaru should be fighting the enemy with a perfect plan. i can move. i can move. damn it if you had believed in lord jashin, you may have gotten a helping hand in your time of need. if you'll believe in lord jashin from now on to honor your reformation as if i'd forgive you. idiot. i don't care about his forgiveness. shadow pull jutsu. yyou. i still have this muchchakra left. you whwhat are you doing.. just watch what.. what happened.. when did you do this.. i had this trap prepared beforehand. so he didn't just separate us on a whim, but he purposely lured me here. thenthis was all his plan. when you curse someone, you dig two holes. you know what that means. what.. if you curse to kill someone, you also get killed in retribution, that's why you need two holes for the burial. you cursed and killed my teacher. don't think i'll let you get away free and easy. this hole is your grave. i am not gonna die even if my body is dismembered into pieces and only my head remains, i am going to drag myself out and eat your throat. deer. these woods are a special place in the land of fire. our family is the only ones allowed in. no one else comes here. our family will always keep an eye on you. you did a great job, shikamaru. yeah my will of fireis now yours. you, whyare you turning that on. it's the will of fire the will to protect our village. good byesensei. multi shadow clone jutsu. multiple shadow clones i see you are the ninetailed jinchuriki. what's the situation and the enemy's power. the enemy is two akatsuki. as i said before, shikamaru is fighting one of them and the other one is in front of us. this guy has the power to split. those two masks on the shoulders split from the torso. each mask has a separate heart and moves independently. he originally had five hearts. he lost two and has only three now. what do you mean. i've killed him twice already. we need to kill him three more times to finish him off. plus, he's an intermediate distance fighter and can use multiple change in chakra natures. no wonder you were having a hard time naruto. i heard it. naruto. it's no use charging in recklessly. you can only make shadow clones. you can't beat me with that. based on his attack speed and fighting style, i need at least three shadow clones to distract him. he gathered each clones' experience and processed it and based on that, he formed a simulation. his ability to use shadow clones has advanced. multi shadow clone jutsu. three shadow clones what'sthat. what ahigh pitchedchakra. whatare they. i tried my best to build it up to here. all right to test its ability, let's collide it with my rasengan. get ready. what.. if we do that, what's gonna happen. if the jutsu is near completion, my rasengan will have no effect. now let's do it. the fourth.. whatis that jutsu.. if i get hit by thatthen i'm definitely doomed. wind style: rasen shuriken. i know teamwork is important. i also know the path ahead is a dangerous one. but right now, i want to take that dangerous path alone. if i can't reach the other end, i will always remain a kid. so don't take that path away from me. next time: "wind style: rasen shuriken" i'm bored. when does team eight's standby order end. it can't be helped, because kurenai sensei is in mourning. i know. i know but team ten left on a mission to avenge asuma sensei. and naruto seems like he is training to complete his new jutsu. what.. naruto is working hard. you're blushing. huh. ahhh, it's nothing it's nothing i see, then that's fine let's go by kurenai sensei's place. let's go, akamaru. kkiba, wait. kiba. i'm alone again, huh. i have it all to myself ah, this sky is too big. )