shinobi. we shinobi we endure. shinobi suppressing our sobs. you dont just sing enka. enka requires a passionfilled soul. now you try singing. yeah. shinobi, by being so stealthy. we extend our life expectancy. you lack passion. passion. you're just mouthing the lyrics and not taking it seriously. passion. thats right. passion. as the characters in enka imply, its important to act out the world in the song with passion. also, the tremolo, you have to clench your belly and bring the note into your nose, all right. whats the matter, ponta. hes one of the akatsuki, master kin. this personal biz will take a second, what a miff, but no worries ill erase him in a jiff. i searched high and low for you, eighttails. my great blade samehada loves powerful chakra. and it seems to have finally caught scent of some delicious chakra. i'm sorry, but you're going to be food for my samehada. not to worry though, i won't kill you. but i'll kill you. i'll show you that we're worlds apart in power. so prepare yaself, fool, ya fool. my rhymes are. you sure are chatty for a jinchuriki. there's a peculiar bear upstaging you. sakura's feelings after what we learned about danzo, who was your initial choice. the question of who will lead the allied shinobi forces is still an issue. is there any among the current kage you consider competent enough. mifune, you criticized every kage including me. i believe appointing lord ei would be the wisest move. didn't you say that ei was unsuitable because he gives in to his emotions and relies on power. there is no longer any doubt that the eighttails is alive. furthermore, he skillfully built a consensus earlier and was quick to come up with a counter strategy. and lord ei is the only one capable of controlling the eighttails, which is key to this battle. mizukage, kazekage. are you in agreement. this is not the time to argue. i trust lord raikage. we'll leave it to you, raikage. understood. i will lead the allied forces. ohnoki the fence sitter, since you are the only one who has battled madara uchiha, we'll need any intel you can give us. i expect your cooperation. he certainly enjoys barking orders at everyone. if you don't trust me, fine. but if we don't do something, the ninja world as we know it will disappear. now is the time to put personal differences aside and cooperate. well, it's certainly better than losing this war. our arguments are nothing compared to a world without ninja. so i shall cooperate. the allied shinobi forces are hereby formed. first, we must notify the feudal lords. huh. wwhat did you just say, sakura. i think i heard wrong. could you say it again. i said. i. love you, naruto. i said sasuke doesnt mean anything to me anymore. i must have been crazy to carry a torch for him for so long. listen carefully when someone confesses her feelings for you. but why. what for.. this isn't the place to be joking around. it's not funny, sakura. what's going on. nothing really. i just woke up. why should i love a rogue ninja whos a criminal. i'm not a child anymore. i can face reality. so naruto, you can forget about that promise you made to me. you can stop chasing after sasuke, all right. what's going on. do you think naruto will calmly accept our decision. but this is something we all decided. we have to make him understand. i'll talk to naruto about everything. you, sakura. do you have a plan that'll work. just leave everything to me. so don't say anything to naruto. please promise me this, everyone. and. damn it. is this what she had in mind. sakura, did something happen. this is all so sudden. nothing happened. its obvious why i fell in love with you. all i really want, is for you to accept me, sasuke. thats all. im desperate. sasuke. sasuke. sasuke. naruto, this is a once in a lifetime request. please, bring sasuke back. next time i'm coming with you. sasuke. sakura.you. sasuke keeps getting farther and farther away from me. but naruto, you've always stuck by my side and cheered me up. naruto, i finally realized. your true self. even that time with pain. you returned when you were needed most. the hero who protected the village. today, everyone in the village admires you. and i'm simply one of them now. you used to be a prankloving loser. but now youve become a wonderful person. and ive witnessed it all, firsthand. meanwhile, sasuke keeps adding to his crimes, and breaking my heart. always becoming more of a stranger. but you naruto, im able to be close to you like this. you comfort me. i care about you, from the bottom of my heart cut it out, sakura. this joke isn't funny at all. why are you so upset. i'm just telling you that i like you now instead of sasuke. you know the saying, women are as fickle as the autumn weather.  i hate people who lie to themselves. i'm lying to myself. i'm the one who decides how i feel. if you hate me, just come out and say so. dont just make up a convenient excuse. but it doesn't make sense. you came all the way out here just to tell me that. "just" to tell you. "just". you dont think it's a big deal for a girl to profess her love.. i came all the way out here. of course, id come all the way out here. sasuke, sasuke, sasuke. that's all you think about. going after sasuke and putting yourself in danger. youre the ninetails jinchuriki and the akatsuki are after you. worry about yourself for a change. i'm saying that it's not necessary to endanger yourself just to chase after sasuke. i want you to come back to the village now, that's why i'm here. that's all. i think it just sounds like a painful excuse. i know you pretty well, sakura. then why dont you understand. i don't care about sasuke now that hes a criminal. so the promise between us doesn't matter anymore. its not just about the promise. i kind of understand more now, about why sasuke has become obsessed with revenge and is causing so much damage. sasuke loved his family and his clan. because his love was so deep, its hard for him to forgive. if he were so devoted, why would he join the akatsuki after defeating the unforgivable itachi. thats not how it went down. what really happened. naruto. for now, we'll keep what madara said to ourselves. in absolute secrecy. we're in the midst of reconstruction and must avoid unnecessary mayhem. furthermore, until we cross check the facts, we can't trust him. there's too much that we don't know about his claim that the higherups of the hidden leaf used itachi to slaughter the uchiha clan. especially you, naruto. do you understand. it doesnt matter, even if theres no promise between us anymore. i personally want to save sasuke. what now, sakura. maybe you should just tell him the truth. oww. forget it. i'm going back. let's go, kiba, lee, sai. sakura. let's go. naruto.i'm sorry. are you okay with this, sakura. kiba, i need a favor. i'm going to start looking for sasuke right now. will you help me. if we just got rid of the eighttails and ninetails hosts, we could stop madara's plan and weaken the military power of the cloud and the leaf. we could kill two bird with one stone. it was agreed that this time, we will do no such thing. why not.. thats not like you, stubborn geezer. then let me ask you this. sure. i will answer anything, kid. when did you all forsake yourselves. its because i remembered. remembered what. i remembered who i was before i became so stubborn. ponta. he may be big, but hes not a bear worth shredding. ponta is a raccoon. you will feel the passion of my wrath. passion. so you can use it in this sort of situation. okay, got it. ponta is a raccoon i'd better add that ponta is a raccoon. so you mean. you're going to get in my way. a pencil whose penetrating power has been increased by high frequency oscillations generated by the lightning style, huh. thats even greater than the wind styles penetration power. high frequency indeed. if i had taken a direct hit, it would have left a hole in me. yosaku chop. he's watching my moves and using lightning style enhanced ninja tools from midrange distances. but it's also a diversionary tactic to try to confine me. now twice you shall be perforated. dont let that make me hated. what's going on.. bee's super vibrato lightning blade didnt pierce through. well then. eighttails cloak. head butt. all right. that guys head will roll. you my chakra. bee. i saw it. it's that sword. its sucking away your chakra. it probably absorbed the chakra out of your super vibrato lightning blade before it even made contact. that's why it didn't pierce through. your octopusflavored chakra must be very appealing. it's rare that samehada gets this worked up. you are worthy of shredding. your eyes are cute, its so surprising. but making them into dead fish eyes. is what im devising. you. umm. kisame hoshigaki, pleased to meet you after the fact. a tailed beast cloak with only seven chakra tails. does this mean youre going to get serious. im gonna make you weep. you sharky creep. ink in your mouth. the rumors are true. you really are an octopus brat. did you know. octopi eat sharks. next time on naruto shippuden: the tailed beast vs. the tailless tailed beast this time, the shark shall devour the octopus. tune in again. )