ohh. brother, i can't drink anymore. you're doing well. hang in there and keep yourself together. that's amazing. now. spit. listen. mold chakra in your stomach and inhale through your nose. hold it in your chest for a moment then exhale it all at once. all at once. all at once. mold chakra in your stomach then inhale through your nose hold it in your chest, then exhale all at once. at this rate, things are going to take a while. well i guess i'll have to pull out the big guns. hold it in your chest for a moment, and then exhale all at once i'll show you how to exhale all at once. look. ii did it brother, i was able to do it. yay. i did it. i did it. great job, gamatatsu. he did it. the two charms what's that. if they hadn't betrayed me, there would be someone holding down the fort. oh hey where are you returning to. is there anybody waiting for you. hey, let's go, yuukimaru. oh hey if there was a place where someone was thinking about you, that would be home, right. huh. since he's the only one who got cut from the mission, sooner or later he'll come over to complain this is about naruto, right. yes we had no choice. yamato and the others will be the best reinforcements for kakashi and the other members. but orochimaru is involved in this mission knowing him, i'm afraid that he'll push things too far. milk is the best after training. thank you, come again. sai. naruto what are you doing here. i just ran out of ninja tool ink this store's ink works really well for molding my chakra. i see oh. but if you need a refill of ink, that means did you get a new mission. today's mission is supposed to be a secret. i think that when a person tells a lie, they avert their eyes then i'll do the opposite i didn't get a new mission. so continue your training without worrying. ooh but why are you telling me that all of a sudden.. by any chance are you hiding something from me. well not really really.. are you sure. nnothing like that practical use of a lie "practical use of a lie". it looks like the rain washed away the scent. don't be so pessimistic. they're using bats to observe us. we know that their base is around here, or they were forced to stay here for some reason. you mean, there's a possibility we'll have to face them. oh, you're back oh. you were able to find it. we're really lucky. i found a female insect that survived with her eggs. and they just hatched. it's the nextgeneration of insects. this insect is resistant to that jutsu. there's a good possibility that it has a high tolerance. the problem is, how many right. i thought you had some great countermeasure against them. kakashi sensei, we need more time. what are you going to do. i'm going to increase the number of these insectsall at once. all right. we need to have a countermeasure as soon as possible. get on it right away. all right. well what about us. the enemy already knows about us. they could take action at any moment. it's possible they'd leave to avoid wasting time contacting us or provoking a fight in either case, our mission is to capture the enemy and obtain information. if we lose track of the enemy, they may pose a threat to the hidden leaf later. we'll keep searching for the enemy. it is time to leave. shino, try to catch up with me very soon, okay. of course. good luck, shino. secret jutsu: insect cocoon. i'm back. guren. i am surprised ragtag people like you guys didn't betray me you know us better than that. we decided to follow you when we left the hideout. hey, which do you like better, a red camellia or a white camellia. who is he. he's yuukimaru, the one lord orochimaru asked us to take good care of. lord orochimaru said that. listen, guys. lord orochimaru gave us an important mission. that is, we're responsible for delivering him safely to the lake. we can't afford to fail. buti know some strangers are following us from the hideout. that's just what i'd expect from you, guren. you're already aware of them. we've done some investigating too. tell me. the enemy has four people and one ninja hound. gozu and i identified ninja hound paw prints. currently three people and one dog are a couple of kilometers away, and they're slowly heading towards us. what.. what's wrong with kihou's jutsu. i'm sure kihou's jutsu made the ninja hound's nose ineffective. because of that, the hidden leaf village sent guys with highlevel tracking skills after the enemy. as we expected, the hidden leaf village is our enemy what should we do. i know just the thing. i don't want them to follow us anymore. find them. i'll defeat them here. what's going on here.. i heard about the mission, grandma. really. please. let me join this mission. naruto, we didn't tell you because we were worried about you. i understand how you feel, but even if you manage to find sasuke, you're not skilled enough to bring him back. besides, if you use that new jutsu i won't use that jutsu wind style: rasen shuriken. i know more about my body than anyone. then naruto. can you tell me why you applied for this mission. because i know i'm not strong enough to bring back sasuke but when pervy sage said something, i thought the place where someone still thinks of you, that's called home i believe that if you think about someone, you'll reach them i want to tell him that this is the place where he can return. do whatever you want. yes. that's the spirit. an outline of the mission is is this all right with you, lady tsunade. that jiraiya he knew this would happen. sorry, tsunade. naruto is still in training, but i received some urgent information. i'll keep track of the information. i'm counting on you. butnaruto is still an idiot. but he has a power to change people. someday, he'll change into something bigger. tsunade, a person grows up when he's able to overcome hardships. protection is important, but there are some things that a person must learn on his own. don't worry, he got his guts from me so i hope you'll trust him when the time comes lord jiraiya in this mission yamato and kakashi are also team members. andhe's not just a kid anymore i really need to use that jutsu for this mission. a place to return to did you find anything. no. i didn't find anything. me neither. well what should we do now. we can't lose track of our enemy. there's no guarantee we'll find them after we lose track of them. since they know about us, the chances of a confrontation increase dramatically. but it's better not to fight at this point. that's why we had better find them first. kiba, can you sniff out the bats' scent. what. say, just now. i have something to take care of. you stay here and wait for me. i'll come back here when i'm done. don't run around lord orochimaru asked me to take care of you stay here and wait for me i'll come back to pick you up. but my mother never returned. huh. i wanted to see a red camellia but that was not the right one that was a white camellia, in fact. everyone has left. is he talking about his hometown. you this is. i have this, so you know this one is for you, guren. you want to exchange it, right. all right. you want to master a new jutsu right now. that's impossible. i don't care. i have to do it. it's crazy. let's go home, gamatatsu. hey, wait. please. i really have to join this mission. and i need this jutsu for it. i really need your help. good grief he's serious. but you'll owe us. right. that's the son of the chief toad. um now i'm not sure how in such a short period we can work it out. my wind chakra and gamatatsu's water. that's all we need. right. what we have to do is just collaborate on our jutsu, but all right. these will be somewhat harsh measures, but let's try. oh. do you have any ideas. you get into gamatatsu's mouth. what.. what.. wwait. why do i have to go into his mouth.. i don't want to have something bad tasting in my mouth. say that again.. it doesn't matter. we have to do it to master the jutsu. besides, you didn't work for your snacks the other day. where's your sense of honor and obligation. ohhonor and obligation. then i guess i have to do it. but why in his mouth.. no time to explain. it's really unpleasant are you ready. what kind of training is this.. you two have to collaborate on your jutsu under these conditions. these conditions.. right. it'll force you to be aware of each other. it's like "you can't master collaboration ninjutsu unless you get into gamatatsu's mouth. " i wonder if he's making this up. and i don't think gamatatsu has a jutsu hey. the time goes by quickly when you're complaining. i know. concentrate. kakashi sensei, i smelled something at our two o'clock. all right. we'll take a detour. but i never thought we'd have to slip past the bats' formation there's a limit on how far away a bat can sense something. there're many things to shield us in the woods, so if we keep a certain distance, it won't be easy for them to find us. i see but we can't get completely out of their search area it's bad luck to say that. you think i'll die. now, naruto has found out that's all right. i didn't think we'd be able to hide it. i was surprised that he negotiated with the hokage personally but lady tsunade is not a person who gives in to pressure. she made a final decision to allow him to join the mission. so don't worry. right. and with everyone on board, it'll be easier to communicate. still naruto is late. i wonder what he's doing. here we go. you two need to communicate better. are you all right. i don't think my body will make it if i keep this up. but you're improving a lot. really. it seems this is the right way to do it. let's keep going. all right. keep practicing, gamatatsu. yeah. oh, yeah i have no doubt. there're a couple of scents ahead okay, hinata. yes. byakugan. i caught it. this isshinobi chakra. they must be the guys who were in that hideout. we're against three people. what should we do, kiba. we've got to defeat one of them first to reduce their numbers. and after that. it would be good if we could defeat them by ourselves, but we should extend the battle until kakashi sensei comes. roger. we will attack one of the two headon. all right, let's go, akamaru. next time: "the unseeing enemy" ninja champion eating contest. and here are today's contestants. let's do this. how you doing. yeah. today, the challenge is pork roast ramen from ichiraku. the time limit is 30 minutes. let'sstart. naruto's off to an awesome start. next. kiba is following him. me too. other participants are keeping their own pace. ii can't eat anymore. there's one minute to go. ii'm so full ththis should make me the winner i'm done. what.. wow. yamato completed 31 bowls. piece of cake. game over time is up. damn it. i lost. nice try, though. and the winner is hinata. what.. what.. thank you for the meal. whwho would've thought talk about unexpected )