is it true. narutois inside the threetails. huh. they're so excited just like a kid i feel so happy. yeah, almost like it's not me. my fatigue's completely gone. not only that it's as though i'm filled with strength listen, we've got to get yuukimaru away from the leaf, no matter what it takes. you worry too much, foureyes. right now, i feel like i can't lose to anyone. not even guren. do what you can. not that i'm expecting much is that story true. according to this child, yuukimaru, guren the crystal style user is alive he says that she and naruto were swallowed by the threetails. the fact that we've searched this much and still haven't found him means that story may have some truth to it but how do you know that guren is okay. guren made this for me. if something happens to guren this will break, as well i see. that's proof that guren is okay, but it doesn't mean that naruto is okay. that's true. no one knows what the inside of the threetails' stomach is like. even if he is okay, naruto is with that crystal user, right. it's possible that the two have already fought each other and settled things. then naruto is right now, those assumptions are meaningless. we need to believe he's still alive and find the threetails first. i'lllook for it can you find it. the threetails yesi don't know for sure but i sense it but what'll we do after we find the threetails. i'll seal it once more. all right. we'll try to rescue naruto while you're doing that. in the event the threetails becomes violent, yamato, let's have shino go with you just in case we find guren with naruto. sai, you stand by up above in the sky. the rest of you will guard the surrounding area. guidepost of the camellia we're up against kabuto no telling what he might do. look after naruto. right you guys be careful, too. shino. let's get going. understood. okay, everyone. we're the sealing team. let's move quietly from the very back, so we don't excite the threetails, okay. right. right. naruto what's the matter. they've been attacked every one of my clones. what. that sound it's them. this is bad. we're outnumbered what. there was one that huge, too.. no choice but to fight. can you fight in your condition.. then where's a way to escape.. you're right, there isn't one. crystal style: hexagonal shuriken. you see. no effect at all. i'll be the decoy, so run when you get the chance, okay.. here i go. take this. guren. heh. how do you like that.. are you all right. uhyeah. damn shadow clone jutsu. get on my back right now. i can't do that. why not.. becausemypride fool. this is no time for troublesome talk like that. put me down, you nimrod. stay still. hurry up. right. yes. i wonder if things are going all right for sakura and the others. that's if naruto is okay. of course he's okay. because he's the person i want to have an allout match with one day. what is it, akamaru. seems our enemy is making its appearance. good timing. i was just getting fired up. i'll show how i feel for naruto with my fists. you people again.. you knew it was us. you can hide your shape and smell, but you can't hide your bloodthirstiness. i won't lose to an opponent i've beaten once before. don't underestimate us. we're not the same as we were before. dark smoke sphere. we can't get near themlike this. we won't lose in the barrage of grenades. you are so nave my kunai appear. smoke dragon. what's the matter. they're hereunder us okay. sealing team, get ready. wait there's no way out. guren and naruto are looking for a way out. a way out. if we open up a hole from the outside, that'll be their way out. what's going on. first, we'll have to see what's at the bottom of the lake. camellias bring me a lot of camellia blossoms camellias. why did you save me. that was my line. why did you save me. because if you died now, there was no way i could survive. what. you're relying on me. hey, how is your wound. don't touch me. once we're out of here, you and i are enemies. suit yourself. but i'm not handing over yuukimaru. why're you so protective of yuukimaru. i told you before. regardless of your reasons for your loyalty to orochimaru, he is evil. he's probably using you. like him. him. at any rate, where you and orochimaru are. that's absolutely not the place for yuukimaru to return to. i'll go and take a quick look up ahead. since my clones can't do surveillance. damnthis looks really deep guess we have no choice. fog. this is bad. is it them again.. what.. hey, who's there.. what're you doing. it can't be sasuke. what're you doing here. stop it, sasuke. i have something to tell you. stop it. sasuke. this is the threetails' fog i see this fog shows illusions of the weakness in the souls of the people who stand within in it if i stand inside it, i will have to face them, as well sasuke, stop it. you're. i've i've done something to you that i can never make amends for i want you to forgive me even if it's meaningless now, i will protect your child to the end, even if it costs me my life. sasuke you have a place to return to. did you forget about that.. listen, sasuke. let go. let go of me. pull yourself together, naruto. what you're seeing is an illusion. what. you saved me. you saw sasuke uchiha. yeah you know sasuke. i met him at lord orochimaru's place. he's a scary guy. is he okay. is he doing well. uh, yeah why do you ask. isn't it obvious.. he's one of us. i have to bring him back and tell sasuke that he has a place to return to. you are you seriously intending to bring sasuke back. of course. that sasuke. this guy must be a real fool. of all the crazy things, he wants to save sasuke. what's so funny. i've never met such a fool. what brought that out of the blue. you're splitting my sides. really hey, are you all right.. so that's the entrance to the dimension yuukimaru mentioned. if we tear that membrane, we'd create a way out now. lightning blade. what. the fog lifted could it be flowing outside. wha.. when did they.. now there's no way to escape. damn. not again. they sure are persistent. one more strike. come back, naruto. we're ready. let's do it now. naruto, there's something i have to tell you. what is it. this isn't a good time. remember i told you that yuukimaru's mother is dead. yeah. i'm the onewho killed her. what did you just say. at the time, lord orochimaru was trying to build the sound village. i attacked yuukimaru's village on his orders. but i collapsed there after exhausting my powers. that woman saved my life, even though i was her enemy. get away i'll close my eyes to this if you go now. are you planning to betray me, guren. but ii out of my desire to be accepted by lord orochimaru i killed her i had sealed away the memories and emotions of that moment. but when i met yuukimaru, they all came back to me. is that why you protect yuukimaru. as you said i hurt yuukimaru's soul in a way that i could never make amends. i have no right to protect him guren it's over for me. but i will protect you even if it costs me my life. you must survive. please look after yuukimaru. it's weird hearing that from you. whatever happened in the past, you're different now. you camellia. yuukimaru. he's trying to show us the way out. look out. okay, now. i won't let you die in place like this. we're going back together. oh no if anything went wrong and the leaf was able to seal the three tails lord orochimaru's future strategy would be forced to change dramatically. i must prevent that. now that it's come to this, i don't care if we lose yuukimaru. i'll use all of its power to drive the leaf out. next time: "counterattack of the curse mark" uh, the next scene we're going to shoot is a thrilling scene in which you infiltrate the enemy's hideout within 24 hours. huh. i can't reach the microphone. what's the matter, captain yamato. i don't havemy script what.. you forgot it again. this is the second time. no, i didn't lose it. today's scene has to have absolutely no mistakes, right. so i did a careful voice check for those who don't know, a voice check is where you rehearse your lines as you watch a video with pictures. . making excuses now. the leaf jonin have sure fallen uhthat's not what happened that's uncool. i thought you were better than that. i agree, i agree. come on, stop saying that guess i'll just have to show you mine. kakashi senpai this is mine. ohit is. sorry, sorry. what's more, there're all sorts of odd doodles in here. oh. . . give me a break. tune in again )