at any rate, i wonder where the heck he went wait. sora. lady tsunade. sakura. i'm gathering the unit captains for a meeting right now. i'll talk to you later. what the heck happened here. sora came after me. no way has there ever been this big a power outage before. it might not be just a simple power outage i wonder if things will be okay oh. of course things will be okay. this village has the hokage, after all. are you saying you can't trust the hokage.. stop your whining. ththat's right. we have the hokage with us. it's not the circuit breaker. then we stand by in area 3, right. yeah, as it says in the contingency planning manual. and the offduty unit captains are probably gathering at the mansion. if so tasty. preparations complete. now i can go full throttle anytime. let's hurry, shikamaru. right you're not getting away. what's going on. is it a power outage. oh, man i don't like the dark it appears something strange is going on. what.. what.. close the main gate. the hotline has been secured. now we should be able to respond, no matter where the enemy attack comes from. good work. this is it, huh. i allocated too many personnel to the hidden rain border. as you have probably seen, we're experiencing a power outage and the entire village is without electricity. there is a possibility it was caused by an accident. but considering there has been no contact from the power facility, we should probably take action under the assumption that this was deliberate. therefore, as of this moment, this village will enter a level two state of alert. company three will be dispatched to the east, west and north gates. company two will go to the main gate. company one is assigned to check on the situation at the power facility. asuma. you stay here. don't overlook the slightest unusual occurrence. dismissed. sora attacked me. sora.. fortunately, the situation didn't become serious just a minute. you were attacked, lady hokage.. by sora.. naruto is in pursuit. you head after them immediately. it may be difficult, but it's a fact. accept it. as soon as you find sora, take him into custody. yes, ma'am. what is it. i getthe feeling the forest moved just now is it an earthquake. travelers. we're sorry, but the village is occupied right now. we cannot let anyone in from the outsidewhat's that.. an enemy attack has been confirmed. the main gate is under assault. the security units are now in combat. so it has begun, huh. go. don't let them get near the main gate. what's the battle situation. you idiot. stay away. i will take charge now. shift to a longrange attack. lockdown of darkness the enemy has not been stopped. one kilometer to go until the main gate. the security unit is engaged naruto in a tough battle. that way, huh. sora. wait up, damn it. why did you attack grandma tsunade.. leave me alone. it's got nothing to do with you. oh yeah.. of course it does. barrier defense seal jutsu. eightgate lock up. whwhat.. there's one in the direction of the east gate. and the west gate, too. lady tsunade. lady tsunade. what is this.. raise the level two state of alert to level one. send everyone on standby to the main gate. summon shikamaru. inform him of the situation and have him draw up defense measures. sakura, you get ready to move out, too. yes, ma'am. what.. what happened. they'vecome wait a minute, who's they. what do you know.. a barrier.. a barrier. what.. what's going on.. the enemyhas put upa barrier. a barrier. what kind of barrier. it's probably a "defense barrier. " huh. oh it's a barrier used for defense. it's used to defend against enemy attacks, or as a wall to keep the enemy from infiltrating. why would an enemy attacking from the outside want to defend. defense aimed at us on the inside is weird. it's not weird. defense aimed at us that's in other words, we are that's right. we've been trapped inside the village by this barrier. now what is it.. the four of us have come here on an unerring mission. on behalf of the future strength of the land of fire. we have come here to enact our indomitable will. now, listen to what we have to say. we have only one objective in mind. and that is the glorification of the land of fire with the feudal lord as its one and only king. the king here in the hidden leaf village is a threat to the true king of the land of fire. we will not allow the existence of two kings. don't you get it. we're saying we don't need your hokage. what.. there's no need for approval. you guys will help us, either way. you'll help us by becoming corpses i learned that you can't get into or out of a defense barrier that's exactly right. in this case, we should assume the enemy got through the barrier using a special jutsu. right now, the situation is that the hidden leaf village has been confined and only the enemy can come and go as they please. now that we have allowed them to infiltrate the village, we must shift to stage two of the sneak attack measures manual. we're ready to fight anytime. yeah. yeah. no. initiation of a counterattack will come after we have evacuated the civilians. you guys, guide everyone quickly to a safe location. this is your first arank mission. got it. dismissed. i'm counting on you guys. i'll stall for time here. you can't just say whatever you want we won't let you get your hands on the fifth hokage. we must hold on until the reinforcement units arrive fudo. earth style. impermanence. what.. get back. lady tsunade, i'm ready. now that we can't avoid direct combat, it's the duty of a medical ninja to save as many of the injured as possible. go. yes, ma'am. though not to perfection, we've done just about all we can. and yet, what is this uneasiness i feel.. it's just one thing after another these guys are awful this is the ultimate earth style jutsu. soil bodies. come back to life, shinobi corpses. our dead shinobi are your opponents. what do you know about me.. nothing. who are those guys.. what did you do.. it was the hidden leaf who tried to eliminate me first. grandma tsunade would never do something like that. she did. i just tried to get her before she got me. i finally caught up. asuma sensei. you backstabber, asuma. sora why did you target the hokage. the one you want revenge on is the one you want revenge on is me. don't touch me. i just copied what you did. the king you chose going so far as to kill my father king.. this time i'll kill her. what're you talking about. i don't get it at all. noit's the truth. you called lady tsunade "king" just now, didn't you. the land of fire doesn't need two kings. the king known as the hokage is unnecessary. a country only needs one king, the feudal lord. according to the report, the hidden rain was not involved with the border attack. more importantly, according to tatsuji, it seems he was assigned on a mission the other day to track and monitor the group of four, thought to be the ones who violated the hidden tombs near the temple of fire. just as you had feared, it seems those four were trying to get their hands on that sora boy from the temple of fire. it's starting to make sense. there's something no. this is terrible. what's the matter, asuma sensei. if my guess is right, this village is in deep trouble. don't rush. remain calm and focused. the objective of the group attacking the village might be indiscriminate mass slaughter. say what.. cut the nonsense. it all makes sense. why were the grave robbers after the bodies of four lightning style shinobi. it's because they're familiar with the power of the jutsu of the four lightning style shinobi and they hit upon the idea of using that power to wipe out the entire village. wwipe out.. hey, sora. is that true.. wiping out the village that means everyone will be killed. i don't know. i don't know anything. sora. i must go. we must stop this as soon as we can or something terrible will happen, naruto. sorry, but i leave sora to you. that uncomfortable feeling i was having all along finally makes sense. what sora was talking about, and the word "king" there's no doubt about it. the one carrying out the intentions of that coup is also behind this series of incidents. red blue white black charging complete what did you say. the guys attacking us right now are shinobi from the land of fire. yes. judging from that distinctive characteristic, there's no doubt they're from the kohaku clan who live in a village on the border. but most of the kohaku clan was supposed to have been killed in a past attack. maybe the villagers have been brought back to life with some kind of reanimation jutsu. what a terrible thing to do. yes. it's unforgivable they killed this many people just to turn them into weapons. next time: "revived souls. " )