the targeted sharingan the sharingan is a disposable power. even the uchiha clan who possess the sharingan. the more they use that power, the greater the loss of their eyesight. until they finally go blind. furthermore, there is even a forbidden jutsu that is invoked at the cost of losing the sharingan. get me a replacement for this right eye of mine. if we are to attack a member of the uchiha, careful preparation is necessary. there is one who is not an uchiha. who has neither parents nor teachers, who has killed his own comrade. kakashi.hatake. then we won't need to worry about any future trouble. rin nohara whose grave is it. the friend he killed. kakashi senpai. lord hokage is calling. all right. stop calling me "senpai. " this isn't the academy. you're still my senior in the anbu. besides, you're my role model. find someone more suitable. hey. rin nohara rin nohara. you are aware that orochimaru has secret research facilities scattered throughout the country, aren't you. yes. after he deserted the village, he destroyed some and kept some intact. including ones that we have no knowledge of. it seems that way. a small battalion on a mission came upon such a facility by accident. according to their report upon their return, it seems to be a research facility that was abandoned by orochimaru. did they go inside and investigate. fortunately, not yet. right, since we don't know what's inside. i do not want members of our village to learn about his repulsive research activities. of what happened to their missing kin and friends. however, an investigation is necessary. so, you want me to go. it's been three years since orochimaru left the village. but he still remains a thorn in our side. i hate to ask you, but please take care of this. yes, sir. i understand orochimaru's hideout was found. it's one of his research facilities. i've dispatched someone to investigate. i see. is something troubling you. he could have set some kind of trap before abandoning it. are you sure it's safe to investigate. i sent an experienced and qualified anbu agent. i hope nothing goes amiss. seal seal is that you, kinoe.. it's been awhile, kakashi. what are you doing here. i'm on a mission. as my backup. no, that isn't it. did lord danzo dispatch a foundation shinobi, because he's interested in orochimaru's research facility. foundation shinobi never discuss their mission. is that it. no matter. you did help me out there. we can't have you burned to a crisp. do you want to investigate what's inside together. whatever we find, we'll share the intel with each other. what's wrong. we may work in different divisions, but we're leaf shinobi. let's cooperate. yes. who knows if a demon or a snake will appear. let's go together. right. the only trap seems to have been that one by the entrance. orochimaru was pressed for time in his rush to escape. you're right. still, we must be careful. yeah. let's go. there's nothing in here. what was orochimaru experimenting on in here. probably doing what he does best. experimenting on human test subjects human test subjects. this one's no good. this one as well. that one too. they're all no good. this human experiment is a failure. i thought that an adolescent would adjust far better in propagating hashirama's cells, but. but it's just the opposite. a child doesn't have the strength or stamina to endure it. i guess i'll have to shut this place down. wait. but not to worry. there are many more ways of cell implantation. i'll start the next test right away. wait, wait. wait. hey, kinoe. let's go. right. this one's locked. leave it to me. it's open. that jutsu went extinct in the hidden leaf village ages ago. so how did you learn it. it's a secret. are you aware that the wood style jutsu is extremely important to the hidden leaf. i didn't know that. the jinchuriki of the nine tails belongs to the hidden leaf. the wood style jutsu is one of the powers that can control the nine tails. i know that the sharingan is the other power. your wood style jutsu isn't just for the foundation. it is a power meant to serve all of hidden leaf village. lord danzo wants to keep you at his side. but you are more suited to working directly under the hokage. don't you want to leave the foundation and come out of the shadows. no.no. i'm still alive. nno. there's a survivor.. what is this. there's something's inside. what's going on, kinoe.. kinoe. are you serious.. yes, i'm serious. i have the advantage. all that's left is. he knows how to fight against my sharingan. this was his intent from the very beginning. kinoe. if you're serious about killing me, then i won't hold back. it will be a death match, friend against friend. i'm serious. i'm dead serious. why do you want to kill me. it's my mission. what kind of mission sends a friend after a friend.. you're one to talk. you're the one who killed a friend. a substitute.. wood style substitute. you've gotten better since the last time. yes. so don't hold back, kakashi. i won't kill a friend. no need to hold back. stop, kinoe. abandon this mission. a shinobi's mission is absolute. kinoe. a mission is not absolute. if your orders are to kill a friend. that order is wrong. the one who gave you such an order is wrong. is lord danzo wrong. can you walk. what's the matter. you don't seem to remember who you are. but have you forgotten how to talk as well. uh, no. follow me. orochimaru is greedy. it's good to have the desire to test out new things, but he gives up too quickly. however, you're lucky he gave up on you. if you had stayed with orochimaru, you would have ended up another test subject. my organization takes in shinobi who have nowhere to go. from now on, you will be a shinobi of the foundation. the foundation. yes. we are the tenacious foundation. we support the great tree known as the village hidden in the leaves. without strong roots, a large tree cannot grow. that's why the foundation. you will be called kinoe. henceforth, you are one of us. you were one of 60. in order to produce a wood style user, kinoe, cherish your life. yes. i'm leaving. he said i'm going to be one of the foundation of the hidden leaf. water style. you're able to infuse chakra quite nicely now. yes. all right. i shall train you myself. lord danzo is. directly. personally. i once saw the first hokage in battle. deep forest emergence deep forest bloom. such formidable wood style ninjutsu. if you have inherited his cells, i put all my hopes in you. manipulate the earth style and water style change in chakra nature simultaneously. not quite yet. i'm sorry. it can't be helped. you are not an exact copy of the first hokage. here is the ninjutsu scroll left by the first hokage. it's full of jutsu that i can't use, but you should be able to learn them. me. learn jutsu that you cannot, lord danzo. the world of the shinobi is filled with a myriad of jutsu. you cannot compete with just one power. we must master various jutsu and use those powers to unite the shinobi world. i have high hopes for your wood style jutsu. lord danzo is not wrong. i will fulfill my mission. why you.. to hell with your mission. i'll say it again. killing a friend is not a mission. then why did you kill her.. what.. why did you kill rin nohara.. why did you kill her. why did you kill her.. you killed her because it was your mission. don't speak about rin. as part of my anbu missions, i've had to deal with rogue ninja and traitors of the hidden leaf. so i can't help it if i'm called friendkiller kakashi. but. rin was. why you.. i didn't want to kill her. i couldn't protect my friend. that's why rin died. from this chidori. couldn't protect her.. couldn't protect her. are you going to.kill me. are you a friend of the hidden leaf. or are you a traitor. i'm not a traitor. then what are you. i am.kinoe of the foundation. then kinoe.renounce your duty to the foundation. i cannot. then i'll take you into custody and turn you over to lord hokage. do whatever.you please. the foundation is a unique organization that supports the large tree known as the leaf, from deep underground. shinobi of the foundation have no names. no emotion. no past. no future. we only have our missions. next time on naruto shippuden: "a shinobi of the leaf. " a mission for the foundation is absolute, kinoe a shinobi of the leaf tune in again. )