stabilize if i focus on the rasengan, the change in chakra nature becomes unstable. however, if i focus on the change in chakra nature, the rasengan doesn't turn out well. i'm so pathetic it's because i believe you're the only shinobi who can go beyond the fourth hokage. that's what i believe. here kakashi sensei has such high hopes for me and i'm not fulfilling his hopes at all what should we do. should we stop for now. if that's what he wants to do i i damn it. i don't have time to just sit around. multi shadow clone jutsu. be careful, guys. there's another one turning into the ninetails. captain yamato, help. tenzou, it's the ninetails again. damn it. you okay. it's been one full day since you started training to add the wind change in chakra nature to the rasengan and you're using around it would take one person i guess it's still not nearly enough. but in this training, the chakra control is too hard, and 200 shadow clones is my limit i get the feeling i'll never be able to do this. it takes a ton of concentration to form the rasengan in the first place. it's too much to try to create a change in chakra nature on top of that. you're unusually negative. it's not like you. is that the naruto uzumaki i know so well. sai you'll catch a cold. how's naruto doing. adding a change in chakra nature to the rasengan seems harder than imagined. naruto isn't all that intelligent to begin with, after all that's why kakashi sensei is having him learn this way yeah, training only naruto can do training results are doubled with two clones, and multiplied by a hundred with a hundred clones butthere's a limit. it's impossible to advance with just effort and fortitude when one is trying to incorporate a change in chakra nature into a jutsu to say nothing of the fact that the rasengan is a jutsu invented by the fourth hokage. it might not be possible for naruto to add a change in chakra nature to such a jutsu that's right. naruto's an idiot, after all he's clumsy and tactless. there's no way he could do something as delicate as incorporating a change in chakra nature into the rasengan. and yet kakashi sensei and captain yamato have been sticking it out with him all this time and here in the village, they have formed units to fight against the akatsuki. it's justa waste of manpower. i don't understand what the hokage can expect from a hopeless guy like naruto i'll pound you if you say anything else. what do you know about naruto.. yes, naruto is indeed a real idiot. he's clumsy, a goof and a birdbrain. but no one does the unexpected more than him. he's saved us countless times. every time someone expects him to fail, he proves them wrong. that's who naruto uzumaki is. if you're any kind of teammate, you'll keep that in mind. what're you grinning about. i'll pound you. please, don't do that. but sometimes knowledge found in books really can be useful. the "understanding other people's feelings" series. "words reveal true feelings" sai, you i know that you believe in naruto. naruto will never let you down, sakura. what. you tricked me. it would be too much for naruto to bear if he kept eating those awful mud balls and didn't have any results to show for his training. what do you mean by mud balls.. i simply prioritized effectiveness ahead of taste. before reading into the true feelings of others you should learn how not to talk about your own. it'll be fine. naruto will pull it off. for crying out loud naruto hang in there. but i don't think it'll work this time you have to do it anyway. then could you look to the left while looking to the right if someone told you to.. indeed that is impossible. i see that's what this is about then i guess it's not outside the realm of possibility. shadow clone jutsu. by looking to the left while looking to the right this is what you mean, right. i get it. did he figure something out. shadow clone jutsu. you went to the trouble of calling us back here just to seal the twotails. it will take three days. prepare yourselves. three days. this'll take forever, man. it's raining over here. hidan i don't want to hear that from you. i was this close to killing all those hidden leaf idiots. and here i was just about to make those atheists realize the existence of the way of jashin. the hidden leaf aren't atheists. they consider their predecessors as gods and act based on the philosophy of the will of fire. well, i suppose we could call something like that a justification to fight. you jerk. are you insulting me. huh.. no i've no intention of insulting your reason for fighting in particular. i'm in the same boat as you, after all. it doesn't matter what the reason for war is. religion. philosophy. resources. land. grudges. love. a whim no matter how stupid they may be, they're all reasons worth getting into war over. there will always be war. the reason can be dealt with later our instinct is to seek out battles. nobody's listening to your longwinded speech. i've got my own way of doing things. i've got my own goals. i've no intention of giving up everything for this organization. as long as you're affiliated with the akatsuki organization, you will collaborate with our goal. once the akatsuki's goal is attained, your goals will also be realized. heh, you can act cool all you want, but that doesn't change the fact that all the akatsuki wants to do is make money. you're the same as kakuzu that's the type of reason for fighting i hate the most. you're right our immediate goal is indeed money. but the akatsuki's true goal lies elsewhere. it will cost a large amount of money to realize that goal. i'm the second newest member after tobi, so i haven't heard any of the details from you. you just plan stuff behind my back heh are you sulking. then i guess it's about time i told you. the akatsuki's ultimate goal can be accomplished in steps. and there are three steps in total the first step is money. and the second step is to use that money to create the first war contract organization in the history of the shinobi world. come on. that's the same thing the other shinobi villages are doing. that's just completing missions and receiving payment. you want to become the leader of some tiny village that no land will hire. how stupid a village in service of the land. you've got it all wrong what. i'll explain it to you sequentially. land of earth land of snow land of fire land of wind land of water in lands with powerful ninja villages, the shinobi business assumes a significant role in the income of these lands. you could say these shinobi villages earn large amounts of money and support the economy of the lands by fighting battles both within and beyond their borders. in other words, a certain amount of war is necessary for a land to obtain stable profit. but in this day and age, although there are small battles, the great wars of the past are gone. the lands downsize the villages and many shinobi have nowhere to go. shinobi exist to fight. that is why they are rewarded for risking their lives for the sake of their land. the five great nations are fine both the lands and their villages are large and trusted. they receive several missions from other lands and are quite stable. but it doesn't work that way for the smaller lands. it costs a lot to maintain a shinobi village, and those costs remain more or less the same in both war and peacetime. that being said, if a village is downsized too drastically, they can't survive if a war suddenly breaks out. so we will mobilize the necessary amount of shinobi only when needed without allegiance to a land and create an organization that, only with the necessary forces, will take on wars from small villages and land for money in the beginning, we'll fight any war for a small cost and gain control of the war trade. then we'll use the tailed beasts to create wars as big or small as the market requires. and eventually we'll control, and have a monopoly on all wars. in the wake of this, the shinobi village system of the great lands will collapse and they'll have no choice but to use the akatsuki and then we'll reach our true goal, which lies ahead the third step of our goal we will take over the world. i see umm about kurenai contact the relevant parties about the funeral. i'll tell kurenai no i'll do it. i'll tell her. i have a message for her from captain asuma yes. yeah. i'm kind of getting the hang of it. i see so that's what your idea was, huh. you formed the rasengan by using a clone to handle the change in chakra form while you released the chakra. right. i just needed a third clone to handle the wind change in chakra nature. if i can't look left and right by myself then i just needed to create clones to look left and right and divide up the responsibility. so my shadow clone stunt earlier gave you a hint, huh. that being said, only naruto has both the chakra and the skill with shadow clones for that method to work. i couldn't do it like that. i bet even the fourth hokage couldn't. but he just what i'd expect from the ninja with the most unpredictability, naruto. i'm not sure how to say it i've really started to take a liking to you. yikes. don't say gross stuff out of the blue like that, you jerk. the jutsu i went to the trouble of creating got messed up because you freaked me out. uhh, i didn't mean it like that whoa, stay back. i don't know quite how to say it no. for crying out loud what're those two doing. i have a message for you. just a minute what's going on. kakashi senpai. we must stop the training for now and head back to the village. what.. what the heck is going on.. asuma sarutobi is dead. you okay, konohamaru. uncle asuma why.. asuma choji, do you know where shikamaru is. it looks like he isn't here yet that's strange. and here his mom said he went out after stopping by the house where the heck did he go at an important time like this.. next time: "team 10" )