i'm counting on you. take it to the hokage. a shinobi's resolve enter. a shinobi bird sent by the anbu black ops has just arrived. where is kakashi. he is probably with naruto. regarding that matter, huh. tell him to see me when he is done. have they tracked down orochimaru's hideout. no it says they nearly had him when they were suddenly attacked. we must select members for a search team to be sent off immediately. there's likely no traces left of the anbu black ops who sent this message "the rule of the anbu: when you die, leave no corpse behind. " he can't possibly rest in peace unless we discover that hideout. an order from lord orochimaru from lord orochimaru. that is the order of lord orochimaru. is that so. from lord orochimaru himself. so he hasn't forgotten about me. when i was sent to take care of this remote hideout, i was sure i had been forsaken. did i say something funny, guren. humph all we have to do is get them to kill each other. the sound of bones being crushed. piercing screams. just the thought of it gives me a thrill. it's to select members for lord orochimaru's next operation there's no point if they all die. yes, i know that. men. you all heard that, didn't you. if you want to leave this hideout and breathe in the open air, you must win. then, you will be able to work for lord orochimaru under my command. you are such fortunate men. now, begin. fight all you want. here you go. misoflavored pork bone stock with roast pork the two thick slices of roast pork are on me. thank you. just what i've been waiting for. oh it's hot. be careful. our ramen noodles stay hot till the end. it's just not easy eating with my left hand. but this kind of makes me happy. i feel like you and i are getting closer to sasuke. here, lend me those chopsticks. ddon't tell me, sakura you're going to feed me. oh. say ahh. this isn't the part for you to butt in. what.. yo not "what". what's going on. just when sakura was about to feed me. when a friend is in trouble, you must help him. that's what a true friend does according to this book never mind reading books like that. just read the situation, will you. how can i read something that i cannot see. you're such a pain. what's with all this noise. kakashi sensei. naruto can't eat with his right hand and we're having a little disagreement over who's going to feed him. here, eat. so in the end, it's kakashi sensei.. by the way, kakashi sensei, i'm surprised that you haven't landed in the hospital after a huge mission like that. so is that how people perceive me nowadays. what a shock well, this time, i didn't need to use my mangekyo sharingan, you see. if you all hadn't arrived in time, i would have used it again for sure. sorry we're late. then, just as you imagined, i'd probably be lying in bed now. naruto you have definitely gotten stronger. you're equal to me, or even stronger but keep in mind that the greater the jutsu you use, the greater the risk to you. yeah kakashi this new jutsu the wind style: rasenshuriken. forbid naruto from using it again. if he continues using this new jutsu, naruto will lose his ability to mold chakra. if the cells are disconnected from the body's chakra network, even my medical skills won't cure him. be certain to emphasize that to naruto. naruto that new jutsu of yours kakashi sensei i know myself best. i'm going to be the hokage one day, you know. i'm really powerful, so there's nothing to worry about. i shouldn't have bothered worrying about him. i guess these should be the members of the search team. isn't kakashi here yet. he's been notified. he must be having a hard time with naruto. i wonder if kakashi will be able to talk him into it. we'd better put a guard on him for a while. he's sure to start training on that new jutsu. but if he does that, he'll never be able to build up his chakra again yes. if that happens, his career as a shinobi will be over. now, i can't ignore that. yo. it's been a while weren't you investigating the akatsuki organization. i stopped by because i was a little worried. tell me the details on what you said just now. thanks for the ramen, pops. give kakashi sensei the bill. thanks. thank you. wait, what. so, you've finally learned to do the shadow clone what. what's going on. thenlet me see how much you've improved. here i come, big brother naruto. here i come, big brother naruto. sexy twogirl jutsu. sexy twogirl jutsu. whoa. so that's your new move.. what do you think, big brother.. the two girls are are you all right, konohamaru.. hey, moegi, what are you doing. what are you doing in front of us ladies.. this is like dj vu you two. this isn't what you always do when you get together, is it. wwell, this jutsu makes a good diversionary tactic besides, you could say this is a serious competition between the two of us. you two shouldn't be escalating things like this. you two are the only ones who would fall for a jutsu like this. you guys you seem to be having fun, as usual. oh. it's the pervy sage. here's another one that would fall for it oh you're looking better than i expected, naruto. oh, well this is nothing. idiot. the bones haven't healed yet. you haven't changed at all. enter. lord orochimaru, it's time for your medicine. oh, you're back. yes. i returned a little while ago. how's guren. the same i just don't understand why you make such a fuss over that woman. you've never liked her, have you. she may not look it, but at one time, she was my top candidate. of course, time was not on her side and genyumaru was selected in the end. i am aware of that. when sasuke achieves the skills he needs the time for my reanimation will be near. when that happens, both the akatsuki and leaf village will be a hindrance our current operation is preparation for when that happens. lord orochimaru, it's because of the plans scheduled after your reanimation that i believe there are too many flaws in that woman's character this job can be carried out by no one but guren. speed up that test yes, sir we may be able to leave today. i'm coming in. tell me do you like red camellias. white camellias. camellias don't lose their petals. the whole flower falls off. you can get oil from the nuts, and the tree makes very good charcoal. don't come in here go back. go back. i wonder where i can go back to. where should i go back to. is this where i'm supposed to return to. but, something's not right. this is not the place where i'm supposed to return to. that's right you wouldn't know that, would you. say, do you have somewhere to go back to. such a place does not exist for me. so here you are, yuukimaru it's time to leave. all right. sorry to bother you. see you again, sasuke so, was naruto convinced. he has matured. i left the rest up to that man that is for the best there's something i want you to do. ninja file it's a search mission it hasn't been confirmed yet, but the anbu black ops have discovered what could be orochimaru's hideout. however, the operative has been killed and the map he sent me only shows the general area. i see. do you have a problem with the members that i have chosen. i'm impressed you have chosen the best possible members for this search team. kakashi sensei is everyone here. i'm sure you've already heard about our mission. yes it is to pinpoint the hideout that's thought to belong to orochimaru. yes with all of your abilities, it should not be very difficult to do. first, i'll get a head start and release my parasitic insects to search out the area where chakra is in the highest concentration. akamaru and i will do the rest. his nose will pinpoint their hideout. once we find the hideout, i should search out the enemies' chakra using my byakugan, right. i'm counting on you if that is really orochimaru's hideout, the chances that sasuke is there. does naruto know that.. that's a silly question. if he knew that, he'd never sit still. that's true. yes. naruto hasn't been told about this mission tsunade told me about it. you've perfected the wind style: rasenshuriken well done. it's no good huh. what do you mean. you have accomplished a feat not even the fourth hokage was able to. have more confidence in yourself. if this is the result, then it's no good. i mastered an instant kill jutsu. butbutit's pointless if i'm only going to waste my chakra on top of getting injured. i see this isn't a jutsu that can be used over and over. i have to learn a couple jutsu that use less chakra, but are effective. is that what you were worrying about. in that case, all you have to do is train some more. at your current level, there are sure to be other jutsu that you can master. will you come with me on another journey to gather writing material. i'm asking you if you have the will to train with me once more. yeah. take me with you. all right. then we'll leave at once. where are we going. first, we must heal that arm. shall we visit a hot spring. what do you mean, "hot spring".. i can see exactly where your thoughts are headed, you pervy sage. but i found a spa with mixed bathing that's good for healing broken bones see, that is your motive, after all. yes, well that's too bad. maybe i'll invite sakura, then. what.. yes, yes, i'll go. wait for me. come on, take me with you. i'm injured, you know don't leave me behind, pervy sage. to think he'd jump out all of a sudden hinata, how is he. he's already dead but his body. there's no doubt. orochimaru's curse mark. if this is really the hideout, what's going on in there. there are multiple traces of fading chakra within the cave. looks like we'll have to go in, kakashi sensei. be aware of your surroundings as we move along. be wary of any traps. next time: "orochimaru's hideout discovered" the fifth hidden leaf super quiz. your hosts are, yours truly, yamato and ino yamanaka, filling in for the ill sakura. before i give you the question, all of you know that every ninjutsu has a name, right. take for example, choji's jutsu it's the super expansion jutsu. exactly. so here is a question about a ninjutsu not named in the series. now, for the question. what is the jutsu that tayuya used to reel in three angry ogres with her flute. demon flute: phantom warrior controlling music that's correct. shino. how did you know that.. you want to know. that's because it is written here in the book of secret accounts on fighting. for shino, who got the answer correct, we have a prize of a 100,000ryo book certificate. i'm going to buy lots of jump comics. ino. you lied about the super quiz being cancelled and you stole my role as assistant. cha. )