you keep out of this. i'llsave sora. my friend so sora has impressed the real jinchuriki, huh. return sora to normal. there's nothing i can do now. soon sora will break loose and the hidden leaf will be destroyed. i won't let that happen. try and stop him. no way am i getting mixed up in this you're not getting away. sora. i got rid of him i got rid of the ninetails jerk and i did it by borrowing your power this time i'll loan you my power don't hold back. sora. for crying out loud wake up already. naruto. you okay.. hang in there, naruto. i'll heal you now she doesn't have time to be healing him. sakura. get out of there. run, everyone. are you okay, guys.. yeah we're okay come to think of it, what about sakura and naruto. naruto. sakura. you okay.. yyeah more importantly, i need to heal you, naruto. you, more than anyone, should know how quickly my wounds heal. anyway, i'll get sora back, no matter what. take care of his wounds naruto okay. sora naruto. i'll be okay. you get back to the others. this is between sora and me right how's it going. my medical ninjutsu can't heal it. just as i thought it's like the time when you got hurt it takes longer for wounds inflicted by ninetails chakra to heal. a sharp needlelike pain will still linger on the wound. i'll be okay. so what then.. does that mean naruto is the only one who can control him.. that would seem to be the case. no way. naruto if i had made sure i defeated you back then this wouldn't have happened to sora. you should be glad. that you weren't the one to kill sora's father. no, it'll be me this time for sure i'll still on the hokage's order. no. it's unforgivable. i can't forgive you for doing that to your own child. what's with all this parent and child stuff you're talking about. will stuff like that change the land of fire. it won't change it. it will make it come together. sorry, but i'm going to change this land. and the world. in order to do that, a king is necessary. you're wrong. you're the one who's wrong. ninja art: super beast scroll damn it. what's this.. you sneak out of the hospital in the middle of the night for a stroll. i couldn't get to sleep with the clamor in the village oh, well. now then i can have a nice leisurely conversation with you, kazuma. i've got nothing to say to you. sora. that hurts. remember, sora rememberwhen we first met remember when we accidently got into a scuffle with each other remember when you came to help me sora sora. sora. sora. damn it we were mistaken from the start. mistaken about what a king refers to in the first place. we weren't mistaken. we weren't mistaken, asuma. if i if i diewhat will happen to the land of fire. nothing will happen. that's funny i don't remember my dad's face very well. but even now, i can never forget that spotless clean breechcloth. to me, my dad is that clean white cloth. kazuma your cause was sora. who's that.. sora. oh, it's naruto let's just calm down now and let's discuss this hey. you're hitting me with your punches. man, this guy's so loud you okaysora. naruto. you jerk. what're you doing sticking your nose in this.. as long as i'm here, i have no choice. he's so meddlesome hey, what happened, sora. what happened between you and asuma sensei.. let go of me, you jerk. such an annoyance. what is it now.. what in the world is happening up here. this must be captain yamato. sora is acting different from naruto that's right. this is just a theory, but i don't think sora has the capacity to house the ninetails chakra. the massive amount of chakra that has gathered up is now attempting to escape from sora's body. that means sorathat power that power won't do you any good. i will all of us in the hidden leaf will become your we'll become your power. naruto. lady tsunade shizune. we're going out. yyes, ma'am. what's this. is this the ninetails. what an enormous amount of chakra. what.. what's happening. something's not right. captain yamato. although it has escaped from sora's body, it probably needs a vessel to maintain its form. then sora. you okay, sora.. hey. can you hear me. wake up, sora. sora. who's there. somebody's calling calling me again. sora. shut up, naruto. oh, you're finally awake. naruto now, let's go home, sora. go home where am i supposed to go home to. what're you saying. the hidden leaf village, of course. the hidden leaf you mean the hidden leaf i tried to destroy that doesn't matter. you're our friend. it doesn't matter what people say. we're friends. friends that's right. he looks okay. i'm glad sai. would you guys include me, too. heck no. what.. no way. what was so funny about that just now. friends, huh. then you're not going back to the temple of fire. nope. i want to see more of the world and meet all kinds of people and little by little, i want to make friends like you have. but make sure you stop by once in a while. the hidden leaf village will always welcome you that's right. don't hesitate. thanks see you around. say "hi." to old man asuma for me. sure. oh come to think of it, next time for sure i'll give you a posthumous name. you jerk. i just heard that's a name you give to dead people. took you long enough, you idiot. see you. that's a first for you, going with a climbing silver right off the bat. let's take it nice and slow. we've got the time, after all. it's an advance guard for breaking through the enemy's defense. sometimes you have to be able to make moves like this. i thought you didn't like moves like that. just like me. sacrifice is required in order to protect the king when your opponent is skilled. is something the matter. it's nothing i just now started to understand the importance of the "king. " well the game is over if you get your king taken in shogi. if you were to liken the hidden leaf shinobi to a shogi piece shikamaru in the end, you would be a knight. why. although weak in strength, a knight can advance by jumping over pieces. this unique movement resembles your flexible thinking. then what would you be. i'm nothing. i'm just a sacrificial piecehuh. thendo you know who the "king" is. the hokage, right. that's what i thought until just recently but it's not like that. then who is it. you'll understand when the time comes. you dodge well my attack speed is the slowest in the akatsuki. i just can't hit anything, can i. i see i knew you guys were akatsuki you're the only one left. well, you're pretty good. hey, hidan. she's the twotailed jinchuriki. you'll die if you get careless. don't give me that, kakuzu. i'd like her to kill me anyway. lady tsunade, the report from kakashi, who made contact with lord jiraiya, has returned. oh, finally. and. right. it seems he verified attacks by what looks like the same pair of shinobi in seven locations in five neighboring lands. a pair. yes. although invasion into the land of fire has not yet been confirmed, it's only a matter of time i see so they've finally gone into action, huh. next time: "the quietly approaching threat" )