what did i really lose that day. ano hi honto ni ushinatta monotte nan dattakke for the life of me, i can't remember. tou ni wasureteshimatta yo we slowly lost sight of each other in the twilight yuugure de futari sukoshizutsu mienakunatteitte and yet we're stuck here unable to go home. sore nanoni bokura kaerezu ni ita weak, frail souls lost in the world dokoka ni kowaresou na moroi kokoro we act strong to hide their fragility. tsuyogaru kotoba de ootte kakushiteru hide their fragility ootte kakushiteru so farewell, but even forced apart sayonara aenakunattatte our stories go on. bokura wa tsuzuki ga aru kara even in a world without you, i run. kimi no inai sekai datte hashiru yo to someday get past the pain. itsuka no itami mo koete koete someday naruto shippuden special big adventure. the quest for the fourth hokage's legacy part 1 summoning jutsu. all right. nope. why not.. how many times must i explain.. this is a tadpole. not a toad. look closely. it has legs. no means no. do it again. damn it. isn't there an easier way to do this. you fool. there is no shortcut in the ninja way. you say that, but i've been working my chakra this whole time. do you know how tiring that is.. oh he still has a long way to go. i thought the fourth hokage's legacy would get you through the final round. fourth hokage's legacy. the final round of the chunin exam is to be held here in the hidden leaf village tomorrow. the air is overflowing with excitement due to the participants' high hopes and the curiosity of the feudal lords and ninja who have come from near and far to watch the competition. sasuke, one more time the success of this mission depends on your performance, gaara. hidden leaf hospital it's no surprise that the uchiha kid and shikaku's son are still in it. but who would have imagined that naruto would still be in the running. i know there are quite a few in the crowd that i don't recognize. well, officials from each of the feudal lord's clans have come to the village as well. hmm hey, which will it be. why don't we pick the long shot and go for this naruto uzumaki. you don't usually see odds as bad as his in the final round. according to rumors, he got in by sheer accident. his firstround opponent is neji hyuga. hyuga of the byakugan. there's no chance of an accident here. which means, our safe choice is the survivor of the uchiha. sasuke uchiha, eh. his opponent from the sand is quite creepy too. old man, seconds please. me too. here ya go. thank you for the food. thank you for the food. are you sure you're okay. you better take it easy, or you'll end up back in the hospital again. naruto made it to the final round. but i pa's nice, so he never says anything. but i'm sure inside, he's gotta be disappointed. so at least in eating, i can't ever lose. another bowl. coming right up. i'll do my best for you too. thanks for the food, old man. naruto here ya go. all right, that means i win.. naruto, who's gonna pay for the ramen.. here's the bill. oh i can't waste any time. my physical strength has returned. so i'm gonna start training again to prep for the final round huh. brother naruto, i challenge you to a fight. sorry, konohamaru. the final round is coming up, and i don't have time to be playing with you. i developed a new jutsu. what.. a new jutsu. hmm okay, let me see. here i go. oh. a stick jutsu.. sexy jutsu. hot body pole dance. oh. well. too hot for you. what.. but i perfected my new sexy jutsu. konohamaru. the path to mastering the sexy jutsu is deep and dangerous. i figured out that variation a long time ago. darn it. and i was so confident about it too well then. i guess i'll have to show you the new sexy jutsu that i developed. okay, brother naruto. that guy sorry, konohamaru i'm really busy getting ready for the final round. brother are you in a rush. didn't jiraiya sensei teach you a new jutsu. pervy sage.. i thought the fourth hokage's legacy would get you through the final round. that's it. thanks, konohamaru. what's happened to him. if i have the "fourth hokage's legacy" that pervy sage was talking about back then, getting through the final round should be a cinch. and that's why you've come to see me. i figured surely you would know. fourth hokage's legacy if there is such a thing, i'd certainly like to see it. aw c'mon. you must know. tell me the truth. if you tell me, i'll show you the new sexy jutsu i developed. if you have time to show me such a thing, focus instead on the final round. you stingy old geezer. hmm i have to find someone who might know. but kakashi sensei's training with sasuke, and i don't know where they went. oh well, i'll just check out every place i can think of. what. is this some new mystery. no, it's not. then it must be a codebreaking game. you played those a lot as a kid. and shikamaru's probably the one who posed the problem. if so, it's useless asking me. you probably hold the key. never mind. i'll ask someone else. mmm look at the sensual shine on this glaze i can't resist it. the dumplings here are too sweet. by the way, anko sensei, do you know what the fourth hokage's legacy is. you just took a stick of dumplings from my plate. do you want to die before the final round. no, i just want to know what the fourth hokage's legacy is give back my dumplings. hold it. i just want to know about the fourth hokage's legacy. like i would know. i'd better hightail it outta here. my dumplings. all that for just a stick of dumplings. i was about to be skewered. but it's strange that no one knows. why if it isn't naruto. is something the matter. bushy brow sensei.. what're you doing here. i'm on a pilgrimage to 100 shrines to pray for lee's recovery. i see what's the matter. is something bothering you. well maybe you would know, bushy brow sensei. naturally. ask me anything. well, i'm looking for fourth hokage's legacy. whwhat.. fourth hokage's legacy.. my belly's full, but my wallet's empty. huh.. bushy brow sensei, do you know something. but of course. it's the ultimate secret left behind by the fourth hokage, right, naruto. and what is it. what is it. please tell me. hmm i really wish i could but it's a village matter that is classified as top secret. aw don't say that. please. i really understand your desire to learn the secret. but unfortunately, as a jonin, i cannot divulge the secrets of the village so easily. oh. huh.. oh. what a coincidence. what are the odds of finding a pamphlet detailing classified information about the fourth hokage's legacy on the ground.. the fourth hokage's legacy a pamphlet on the fourth hokage's legacy.. fourth hokage's legacy. ii can't read it oh that's read "honegami grounds. " fourth hokage's legacy is hidden there. but a menacing goblin is also said to live there. a goblin furthermore, only a handful, including the fourth hokage, have ever returned alive. don't think about going to a place like that, even by mistake. gguy sensei, your face is scary. even if a superultimate secret lies in wait there, it is too dangerous. so forget it. are you kidding.. i want to find it and win the final round. now that's what adolescence is for. do your best. and do it for lee who is in the hospital. lucky thing i heard that. i've gotta let shikamaru know. all right. honey honey grounds, here i come. naruto. ssakura. return to the hospital. you need to rest. tomorrow is the final round. sakura, please just look the other way. i have a really good reason for this. huh. shikamaru, you have some kind of plan for the final round, right. i guess you guess.. how can you be so nonchalant. we have to battle one extra person. and i don't feel up to avenging choji. hey. i just heard something really big. huh.. huh. why are you coming along, sakura. let me see that there might be a fierce monster. there's no way i'd let you go to a place like that alone. you've barely recovered. i'm on team 7 too. sakura if i can give this fourth hokage's legacy to sasuke as a gift, he'll like me even more. cha. it's a fairy tale come true. i wonder how much longer it is to gummy gummy grounds. we should see it a little bit farther up. those guys where are they going with the final round around the corner. is it that important of a mission. there were fifteen of us hidden rain ninja not a single one of us made it through round two. we can't return to the village in such disgrace. hmm we'll follow them. we must at least find something good we can take back home. this is honey honey grounds. this place feels awfully dangerous not to worry. i'm gonna be the future hokage. leave it to me. that's why i'm worried. all right. let's go. oh. naruto. i knew something like this would happen. i can't stand to watch this. huh.. huh. how'd you guys get in.. over there. huh.. what are you doing here. as if we'd let team 7 monopolize the fourth hokage's legacy. oh. what are you talking about. don't play dumb. we know all about it. damn her sharp ears. huh.. anyway, shikamaru or naruto. who will win the final round.. you could also call this our round two. get ready, billboard brow. fine with me. i'll crush you this time, ino pig. let me say just one thing. you'll be the one in tears at the end. well, wash your neck 'cuz your head's gonna roll. billboard brow. ino pig. if we're talking secret techniques to assure victory in the chunin exam, shikamaru has every right to them too. all right then. we ain't gonna lose to team 10. let's go, sakura. welcome, my young challengers. guy sensei. guy sensei. yes i am the sage who oversees honegami grounds. wow. an old sage.. who would fall for that.. his wig is lopsided. guy sensei honegami grounds is a sealed, forbidden practice site. if you can get through it faster than the fourth hokage's record time, you will obtain the ultimate secret. what. we have to beat the fourth hokage's record time. that's asking too much. say, old sage. isn't there an easy way to do this.. hm this is more difficult than an srank mission. you must be willing to risk your life for this, or it will be impossible. damn it. what is that doing there.. that's the tiger scroll, which contains hints to get through this practice site. and it's mine. shadow possession jutsu. naruto. whoa. you wouldn't understand it even if you looked at it. see ya. cripes hurry, naruto. we're going after them. all rightoops. shape up. right. now go, young challengers. the first hurdle should come into sight soon. this is the first hurdle. jeez, they sure underestimated us. why you don't go on ahead. let's hurry. giant tightrope gianttightrope. wait, everyone. like i'd wait. i won't let you get away, ino. team 7 without sasuke is no competition. huh. what.. i don't like this. i can't walk. shikamaru. what's going on with this.. giant spider tightrope giant spider tightrope. yikes, it's coming this way. yeah, but i can't move. hey, what're we gonna do.. like i'd let a spider like that get me. yikes. it's coming this way. naruto. put your kunai away. huh.. i can't do that. i said put it away. if you don't want to end up as food. damn it. it's as though he lost sight of us. what's going on. the tiger scroll says, "close the blade, calm the heart. " and what does that mean. the tremors on the web alert the spider that prey has been caught. by remaining still, we fooled the spider into thinking that it was just a fallen leaf. but my legs are tangled in the web, and i can't move. we can't escape like this. just listen there are two distinct kinds of spider silk. the weft thread is sticky and used for capturing prey, and the nonsticky warp thread is used for crossing. so if we move along the warp thread, we won't get stuck. which meansthis one is okay. you're right. i'll try it too. i can move. thank you, shikamaru. all right. whoa, this isn't good. okay. warp thread, warp thread you idiot. what are you doing.. we've gotta take care of this thing in case it attacks before we've completely crossed the web. shadow clone jutsu. naruto uzumaki barrage. a summoning.. so someone summoned that giant spider. we did it. we did it. do something. what is he doing. shikamaru hey, watch out for the weft thread. phew you saved me. it looks like this tiger scroll has hints on how to get through the hurdles of the test grounds. what's it say. "close the blade, calm the heart. " "offer a wild chrysanthemum. " "be extremely nimble, show determination. " "go beyond hatred. " "for the one who approaches, the path will not open. " "the location of infinity, to the one anointed. " huh. what do they mean. is it like a poem. the first two lines were hints on crossing the web. but the rest that giant spider was summoned. meaning, it was an intentional trap. then there are more traps from here on too. probably aw man, what a pain. you should talk. jeez. it's useless to stay here and think about it. naruto. there he goes again. we just have to go and find out. we just have to go. when the fireworks suddenly explode in the air fui ni agatta hanabi wo futari de miageta toki i couldn't keep my eyes off from your face muchuu de miteru kimi no kao wo sotto nusumimita no i gazed at you quietly it'd be so much easier if i was able to hate you kimi no koto kirai ni naretara ii noni kyou mitai na hi ni wa kitto because i always remember you, in situations like this i can't help but think about the times we spent together. mata omoidashiteshimau yo i'm ready to forget you mou wasureyou kimi no koto zenbu it just tears at my heart too much. konna ni mo kanashikute i wonder why did we meet each other. doushite deatteshimattan darou when i close my eyes me wo tojireba it's like you are here. ima mo kimi ga soko ni iru you de jeez. i almost died because naruto is so reckless. yeah. makes you worry about what's to come. the next hurdle should be right up here. you guys go first. why. what are you gonna do, shikamaru. i have something i have to do. just go ahead of me. you're in a hurry, right. next time on naruto shippuden: "big adventure. the quest for the fourth hokage's legacy part 2." what's shikamaru up to. tune in again. )