hidden leaf ninjutsu research center this is the parasitic insect we got from shino, isn't it. yes. what's this.. what is this hexagonal pattern.. well, according the report from the research team it means that even the body fluids of shino's parasitic insect have crystallized. i see what's the matter, lady tsunade. i never thought it truly existed do you know something about this. yes. in the past, a rumor had spread about the existence of a ninjutsu that crystallizes all materials. it was said to even crystallize human blood. it's a ninjutsu technique called crystal style. it was said that an entire village disappeared in one night because of it after it happened, there were no reports by witnesses, so it was dismissed as rumor. then, you're saying that crystal style actually existed. yes. if we relate the fact that there were no witnesses for a long time and the contact that kakashi and the others had, this could possibly be one of orochimaru's group. does that mean that orochimaru has begun moving. it's already been three years since sasuke left the village. it's right about the time when orochimaru could be reincarnated. we should consider that orochimaru has begun making preparations for it. we must use that crystal style ninja as a lead to to learn sasuke's whereabouts. the labyrinth of distorted reflection halt. if things were going according to plan, he would have left some sign. i didn't see anything like that man. they better not have forgotten about the group behind them. they're not you, you know. we should assume something happened to the search team. sai. yes. can you do reconnaissance from the sky. understood. ninja art: super beast scroll. we've got some time until sai comes back. wait for me here a while. we're on duty. where do you think you're going. i've gotta pee. good grief. i don't see anything that looks like the search team. camellia. i'd better take this chance to review my training some more i've forgotten the timing i had earlier. huh. what's that.. you're that kid i saw the other day. it is you, after all what're you doing here. not all camellia trees are short. some that grow in the wild are this tall. what're you talking about. it's me. you know, from the hot springs. everyone has someplace to go home to. wherever someone's thinking of you, that's where you go home to. isn't that what i taught you. never mind that, though. you're alone, aren't you. where are your friends. your family. the white camellias turnedred then they disappeared all of them. just as i thought, you're all alone, aren't you. if that's the case, do you want to come with us.. come with us to our hometown. we're on a mission right now, but when we're done, we'll come back for you. something just came up. wait here. i have to wait huh.. where there's someone thinking of me, that's where i go home to. yes, that's right. is there anyone thinking of me. i hope there is. could it be that there's someone thinking of you. when i broke out in a fever, that person cared for me without sleeping. i see. that shows that person was thinking of you. i hope so listen, follow that person. don't let that person go. uhhuh. shino's insect.. naruto sorry. i'm on a mission huh.. where'd he go.. oh well, it seems he has a place to go home to. we found shino's parasitic insects. we need to pursue immediately. what took you so long.. sorry i ran into someone i knew. he's lying, of course. there's no way he'd run into someone he knew out here. he was really there, i'm telling you. a boy about this tall and humph, you're a pitiful lot. we're ashamed. those guys were quite skilled well, because of that, we got a look at what they can do. kakashi's about the only troublesome one. the first thing we need to do is stop kakashi. we can't let those guys interfere with lord orochimaru's plans. i'll see to the rest the trap is looking good the seed of the octangular jade crystal placed in the 8 trigrams when this shines, the light inside the jade crystal will bounce around, trapped for all eternity. blossom. crystal style: jade crystal labyrinth. shino.. can you follow it.. no problem. because the only place where the parasitic insects' net was not complete was in this ten o'clock direction. yeah, looks like we'll have to determine their objective. then, let's go. no, hold on. what is it, shino.. the parasitic insects are behaving strangely it's as though they can't find their way out. what do you mean. how do i describe it. the parasitic insects seem to have lost all of their senses and seem to be wandering aimlessly. could it be some sort of genjutsu. they didn't use anything except physical attacks. no, it's also possible that they simply chose not to use it on us. you mean they kept their secrets hidden. hinata, check to see if there is a sealing jutsu or a barrier. byakugan. what's the matter, hinata.. infiniteimagesof us the byakugan was overcome. crystal style: jade crystal mirror. lovely as always jade crystal clone jutsu. seems they were sealed within some sort of barrier. we thought we had the enemy sealed off with the parasitic insects. but their outer perimeter was further off, is that it. the enemy. scatter. crystal style: jade crystal blade. so it's a jutsu that crystallizes material if it crystallizes the moisture in the air, there are an infinite number of weapons to use for attacks. we can't let this battle draw out. kakashi the copy ninja so that's your sharingan but it's no use. my crystal style cannot be copied. it's no use. i can't use byakugan. i hear you've got good eyes but inside my jade crystal, light is refracted. your good eyesight works against you. i have more than just byakugan. you want to fight me facetoface. what can you do with your eyes sealed. for a long time i've trained as hard i could so naruto would acknowledge my ability. are you that anxious to die. i might not be at my cousin neji's level, but i concentrate only on the enemy gentle fist 8 trigrams 32 palms. it worked. crystal style: jade crystal prison. what's happening.. what happened. she just up and left. the same thing happened with me. where's hinata. here's your friend. hinata. what the heck is this.. crystals this is unmistakably the enemy's jutsu. and it seems huge. sai. right. gotcha. just as i thought. i think it's about a kilometer across. one kilometer it must be the work of someone very skilled. let's break it down right away. hold on a minute, naruto. there's a kind of barrier here. we can't risk the possibility that it's been rigged somehow it's okay. it doesn't react to an attack from outside. kakashi senpai and the others must be trapped inside. if they're only trapped inside, that's fine. but if there's a trap set up inside, this is going to be trouble. captain yamato, can't we bust down the wall the way we did when we snuck into orochimaru's hideout. i'm afraid that this crystal possesses an extremely tight structure at the molecular level. unlike the clay wall, there are no weak spots. butif we went from underground even the ground itself is encased in crystal. there are no weak spots at all. it appears very strong. it doesn't look like we could break it with a jutsu concentrated at one point. i agree with something this large, the force would be dispersed equally, weakening the power of the attack. yes. it would have to be a jutsu that could do both widespread and powerful damage sounds like fun. you mustn't, naruto. i'll be fine, sakura. i won't use that jutsu. let me try out a jutsu i've been working on. naruto summoning jutsu. yo. we've been summoned. what. summoning. ohyou can do the summoning jutsu, naruto. what are you going to do with summoning jutsu. just watch and see. here's what we're going to do. we haven't perfected it yet, but it's all we've got. light sealed inside the jade crystal can never get out. don't move. if you guys follow us around any longer, your friend will end up as shattered shards of light. i'm ready to go. okay listen. use the timing we worked on earlier to pour in the chakra. right. what are they going to do. well, let's see what they've got. let's do it, gamatatsu. inhale through the nose. hold it in then exhale it all at once. now. just as i thought, he's the top ninja when it comes to doing the unexpected. what're you doing, gamatatsu.. sorry, i forgot to mold the chakra come on. or no snacks for you, gamatatsu. okay, get yourself together and we'll try it again. mold chakra in your stomach and inhale through the nose. hold it in then exhale it out all at once. now. wind style: toad water pistol. we did it. naruto, was that. it's the new jutsu i made with the pervy sage. by the way, senpai, looks like we're in a bad situation here. yeah, as you can see, hinata was taken as a hostage. gamatatsu, can you do that one more time. sure, but what're you gonna do. i have an idea. let's go, gamatatsu. yeah. wait, naruto. collaboration ninjutsu. wind style: toad water pistol. next time: "the target appears" it took me a long time to save up for this secondhand tv. i can't wait to watch sakura's news program. on to the next topic we have an advisory. there's sakura. i'm sure all of you are aware that we're going digital. gi. digi. all analog broadcasts will end by july 24, 2011 and every station will switch over to digital broadcasts. all of you currently watching on analog television sets will need to get digital tuners. otherwise, you won't be able to watch any programs. what.. but when we switch over to digital, you'll be able to enjoy naruto shippuden with even better screen and audio clarity. this is the power of the jinchuriki. wow, that's amazing. so you've appeared akatsuki. eat this. rasengan. rasengan. please don't make a mistake and release a rasengan at the monitor. sakura your warning is too late. )