forgive me, sasuke. this is my reality. give me your light. i told you. you do not possess the mangekyo sharingan. you can never win against my eyes. ill take the other one too. so that is the power of the curse mark. this is the difference in our strength. and. the difference between your ocular powers and mine. that was fast. itachis won. how can you tell. sasukes caught in the tsukuyomi. hes paralyzed. itachi can do whatever he wants now. huh.. you broke through.my tsukuyomi.. huh. sasuke took a tsukuyomi, so why isnt he down. no. he didnt fall for it. he broke out of the tsukuyomi. what.. someone with an ordinary sharingan could never win against the mangekyo sharingan. even so, the sharingan is a ninjas weapon. a weapon is only as powerful as its wielder. it can be formidable or weak. you can have shuriken, and be taken down by a mere pebble thrown by a master. the difference is in the power. it just means that sasukes skills far exceed itachis expectations. like i told you. no matter how much you use those eyes of yours, my hate will turn illusion into reality. humph. make illusions a reality, eh. then let me throw those words right back at you. like i told you. no matter how much you use those eyes of yours, my hate will turn illusion into reality. humph. make illusions a reality, eh. then let me throw those words right back at you. amaterasu. you saw your eyes gouged out during the tsukuyomi just now. well, allow me to make that a reality. the air around itachi has shifted. hes gotten serious. which means, we might get to see the amaterasu. what. the amaterasu.. i cant wait to see it. we were right to come see this, after all. continuing to use genjutsu will lead nowhere. now that sasuke has broken the tsukuyomi, a genjutsu battle is pointless. which means from now on, itll be ninjutsu against ninjutsu. if itachis left mangekyo possesses the ultimate genjutsu, then his right mangekyo is the ultimate in physical attacks. the amaterasu produces black flames that are said to never extinguish. not until it incinerates the target within the casters sight. is this it, the amaterasu.. how quick. hes planning to not let itachi weave signs. this is the shadow shuriken jutsu. a rigged shuriken.. that last shuriken did the job. thats strange. what is it. its just that itachi should have been able to dodge something like that. backlash from that earlier tsukuyomi. i like that. from the moment sasuke nullified the tsukuyomi, he seized control of the flow of the battle. plus he slowed down itachis movements. sasuke might actually win this battle. no. we dont know that yet. fire style: fireball jutsu. wounds like this wont slow me down. phew. we almost got caught in that.  fire style. fireball jutsu.  fire style. fireball jutsu. sasuke has the upper hand. i really think sasukes going to. amaterasu. ohh. there it is. iincredible. he put out fire with fire. with that jutsu, he eyes whatever he wants to burn and once the target is in focus, black flames burst forth. the black flame cannot be extinguished until the one it targets is totally incinerated. even if the target is also fire. i guess itachi is the winner, after all. he stopped the amaterasu. hes going to take sasukes eyes. huh. he went below.. wounds like this wont slow me down. i cant use this substitution jutsu until he unleashes his amaterasu. this is what ive been waiting for. huh. fire style: fire jutsu. hey, pretty good. oh no. that amaterasu earlier seems to have taken quite a toll on you. theyre both totally exhausted. they have no chakra left, huh. so it appears. this will probably be my last jutsu. the sharingan can assess chakra. stop bluffing. i can see that youre out of chakra. you evaded my amaterasu using the orochimarustyle substitution jutsu. a wellmade substitution to deceive, but it uses an enormous amount of chakra. thats right. sasuke did absorb orochimaru. so thats it. youre right. i dont have any chakra left. i used it up in that last fire style jutsu. however. do you really think i would come here to kill you unprepared. it will be instantaneous. this jutsu is just like amaterasu. it is impossible to dodge. now. as you wished, ill recreate. your death. oh wow. im glad we chose to see this once. i never thought we could see such a battle. sasukes jutsu was impressive, but to think itachi was hiding that kind of jutsu up his sleeve. but looks like it also comes with a heavy risk. who will win this battle.. next time on naruto shippuden: the end either way, the next one will be their last. seriously. why do you pile up this much work.. sorry. what was narutos registration number. you dont even know that. naruto is #012607. then how many missions did sakura carry out. nine crank, six brank, and seven arank missions. then what is sais height and weight. captain yamatos birthday.. august 10th. what is kurenai senseis hobby.. drinking. she enjoys evening drinks. youre amazing, lady tsunade. youre aware of everything. me, on the other hand. naturally. i am the hokage. the official shippuden handbook youre right. how foolish to even compare myself to you. oh, by the way. what is your hobby besides gambling. oh no. its not listed in here. ddont worry about it. after all, even a hokage cant beat old age. tune in again. )