then there were no developments that would suggest the akatsuki organization. that's right however, there is probably no doubting that a serious situation will develop. it was a horrible sight the village was attacked in one night and most of the villagers were dead. hidden rain and sure enough, as if weaving along the border, several other villages were attacked after that. they were all land of fire villages. asuma, don't rush to conclusions. i understand that. they go to the trouble of leaving the hidden rain mark i don't care for that approach at all. is there someone who wants to start a war. perhaps but sometimes a guess hits the mark exactly. is there no information on developments with the hidden rain. nothing at this point. but what we should be concerned with is the land of fire, huh. yesthe feudal lord there might be someone who recklessly instigates the feudal lord, huh. like with the guardian shinobi twelve before. the ammunition to intrude in the situation might be supplied to danzo, the old military faction leader. he's a sly customer to deal with, after all. assign some anbu members and village jonin and have them try to find some information around the area of the border. but since we don't know the present situation, have them work in secrecy. and make sure they know that our village is absolutely not to stir up any action. i will send a letter to the feudal lord. yes, ma'am. team asuma will move out the moment there are any new developments. stand by until then. understood. i will be leaving then excuse me. the guardian shinobi twelve come to think of it, asuma was once yeah. in those days when he was a kid around twenty, he spewed some kind of tonguetwister rationalization like "i'll do what i have to do for the land of fire" jumps down the third hokage's throat, and leaves the village. well, from my standpoint, it was just a simple fatherson argument. uhhuh it happened ten years ago. one part of the guardian shinobi twelve staged an unsuccessful coup in order to turn the land of fire into a military superpower. the guardian shinobi twelve were split right in two, and asuma and his comrades brought that group down. hi, asuma sensei. oh, naruto. are you making progress with your training. well, i actually didn't have time for that. i see what're you doing here. captain yamato told us to wait out here until he calls us. hey. what're you doing glaring like that.. well, i i'm sorry he has such meanlooking eyes hey, you apologize, too. whwhy do i have to. so that's what happened. and although they lost their lives, kitane, nauma, tou'u and seito stopped the coup. it was their bodies that were stolen. what did you say.. i am very sorry. there were four thieves and they were a group that used quite advanced earth style jutsu. what are they intending to use the bodies for. things will become problematic should the precious jutsu information resting with them spread to other lands. yes also, sai was injured during the mission and i had no choice but to have him leave the team, though it will only be for a short time. and as for his replacement on team kakashi, i would like to add the young novice monk who was also assigned to the mission. but, well what is it. well teammate i see so those four grave robbers were lying in wait for each of you. at that point in time, i had chiriku, the one they were most likely targeting, leave the unit. so i think we can eliminate him. in which case there's a slight chance that, like the akatsuki organization, they were targeting naruto who is a jinchuriki. but it was a coincidence that we were dispatched to the fire temple. and so, that leaves that kid called sora, huh. yes. in which case, i think it would be in our best interests to have him in the village working with us. of course, this is after consultation with the fire temple. anyway, we're counting on you, sora. behave yourself in front of lady tsunade, okay.. if you don't something terrible will happen. that's right. witty remarks don't work on grandma tsunade. huh. is that supposed to scare me. i don't know if she's an old lady or a hokage or what. but i'll pay my respects. naruto. sakura. bring sora in. yyes, sir. okay, come on. whoa see you later, asuma sensei. hhey.. hurry up. excuse us. lady tsunade. hurry up and apologize. there are great limits to my patience. who's an old lady.. i called you a buddhist saint. a buddhist saint.. yes, yes. well, doesn't this little boy say adorable things. you pass. welcome to the hidden leaf village. hhey. that hurts you've sure grown up, sora. okay, i have to write up a report, so i'm off. i'll take sai to the hospital. hey, wait a minute. i need to continue with my training. training, my foot. kakashi sensei's out on a mission, right. you show sora around the village. sora's now our teammate on team kakashi. heck no. why do i have to be with this obnoxious guy.. i don't want to be with this awful jerk, either. yeah, yeah. you guys just go at it as much as you like. i won't be joining in anymore. let's go, sai. right okay naruto, i'll leave sora to you. yyou guys are dirty. so they're the same, huh. i'm just a burden, aren't i. hey, it's not like that. sakura and captain yamato don't think you're a burden. if they did, you wouldn't have been brought here to this village, right.. i know that. then what is it.. forgetabout your revenge. the two things aren't related. i know, but my dad was a hero to me. he was a courageous man with a powerful inner strength. i only have memories of him up until i was five. the people at the fire temple never told me anything. and yet, i happened to hear about my dad being killed as they shouted in contempt "he got what he deserved." "killing him was the right thing." my dad could never have done anything devious. it must be some kind of mistake. i'll rectify that and then after i've done that, i'll get the guy who killed my dad. you so don't be following me everywhere. it's irritating. irritating. i'm showing concern for you and that's your attitude. huh. that's just called meddling. i'll feel out the enemy on my own. i'll take over this village in ten minutes. just do whatever you want. i don't want to deal with you, either. what's he going to take over. for crying out loud, where'd he go. you want to fight, huh.. i won't go easy on you just because you're a dog, you awful jerk. he's glaring at akamaru. this is not good. if kiba shows up here oh, naruto. you're back. oh, akamaru. there you are. who's he. i haven't seen him before. oh he's hey, you. what're you trying to do to akamaru, huh.. you're the owner. if you are, then keep a leash on him and train him not to bark all of a sudden. akamaru isn't a pet. and he barked at you because you're suspicious. where are you from.. i'm from the fire temple. i've come to take over this village. huh. sorry about this, kiba. i can explain. he's kind of with our team and naruto. is he with you. knock it off. i'm not friends or anything with this guy. just keep quiet, sora. fighting's no good, you guys. don't be so testy and let's get along. shut up, fatty. ddid you just say "fatty". yeah. so what of it.. ththis is not good uh oh all right. let's have a battle royale. hey, are you an idiot.. you're the only opposition here. let's go, choji. heh. what can you do with a fatty like that.. you said, "fatty," again, eh.. i'm not fat. i'm a chubbytype. whoa, you idiot. cut it out. all right. keep a hold on him, choji. you guys are dirty. oh. it's one against everyone. it can't be helped. he asked for it. uh, even so ohh, i guess i have no choice. hey. enough, already. naruto. are you taking his side. no, i'm not. but i can't just sit here and do nothing. huh. why side with an outsider.. i have no choice. he's a team kakashi comrade, so comrade so let's just calm down now and and let's discuss this hey. you're hitting me with your punches. you're the one who's been hitting me with your kicks. what.. are these guys morons. that hurts. hey. you'll never get me to join in. hahthat wouldn't suit you, right. it's enough to just let them fight it out. now we've got one more person in this village, huh. why wasn't i invited to the "meeting of fists under a sunset sky to develop the friendship of men.." they can fight forever because they're tough. well, i guess that's about enough. huh.. man beast clone. leaf expansion jutsu. shadow clone. wind style. uzumaki barrage. beast wave palm. severe hurricane. human boulder. fang over fang. what's this.. i'm not fat. oh. whoa. hey. now then, let's have a party at the barbeq after the "meeting of fists. " barbeq. that sounds good. a dinner with tons of guys. so after all's said and done it's another party, huh. you're going, too, right. no, i don't particularly how's chiriku doing. come to think of it, i hear you're acquainted with chiriku, asuma sensei. mmy dad's name was kazuma and you've got some pretty good moves. chiriku must've trained you quite hard. no lord chiriku was a great person at the fire temple, you see. it's my own style. oh, i see so you got that good by yourself. oh yeah. hey, asuma sensei. show him that. that. that's incredible the trick is to do it steadily and sharply. that's right. once you learn the trick, you'll be able to send your kunai knives and shuriken right through a tree trunk. see you around. good luck. hold on. if you know my father, i want you to tell me about him. he was a member of the guardian shinobi twelve and his name was kazuma huh. why was he killed. my father didn't do anything wrong. that's what i believe you know him, don't you.. kazuma kazuma died sticking to what he believed in. no matter how things ended, he died for the honor he himself believed in. oh okay, i'm leaving hhey are you going to do training now. damn it i won't lose out to you. one, two, three, four at a glance it looks like about thirty yeah, around that many it's going to be quite different this time around. we're going to destroy a village of the kohaku clan with some of the greatest shinobi in the land of fire. and with great precision. we'll kill all of them. yeah i know. they were just diversions until now this time at last oh. let me know if there are any shinobi with the wind property. that one will be mine. hey. everyone in the kohaku clan. you're all going to die. but your souls will become sustenance to protect the land of fire for all eternity. i promise you that. thank you. thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you. do it. sora and naruto, huh. it'd probably be impossible to quickly hammer formations into them. then team kakashi will proceed with your own training for a while then i get to continue the training i was doing before, right.. no, well, you know, you need kakashi senpai for that what. then what am i supposed to do. let me see. why don't you have asuma supervise your training. yeah. what. it has to be me. next time: "the two kings. " )