what the. the reanimation jutsu is wearing off. this means the other squads defeated the enemies, right. yeah then we can finally rest easy. i wouldn't say that hooray. we did it. all their jutsu have ended. we kept hidden leaf village safe. not yet, as shikamaru says, if this is all a diversion, it's too soon to rest easy. nowwhat about the jutsu konohamaru told us about that could burn down the village. didn't yamato and sakura head to azuma sensei's place. any word from sakura. none that's not good. shikamaru. huh. it seems the situation in the village remains critical so the end of the reanimation jutsu was just another trick used to lull us into a false sense of security. so we need to find sakura and yamato, or the enemies themselves, right. exactly. so get the staff together, and go investigate the village. roger. limelight limelight damn it. those three are in position once kitane gets to the village, it will. moment of awakening sora. surpass your father. crush him. you have that power. show the power you were chosen to have, not kazuma. shut up. the village. asuma. your father. that's right. the pathetic father. if you insult my father any more if i insult him, what will you do. i won't forgive you. you won't forgive me.. so what. my father's belief had nothing to do with massacre. i'll i'll stop you. massacre. isn't that why you were born. what. what are you talking about. look. that hand. oh.. that hand it looks just like a monster's. monster. monster. monster. monster. monster you were finished too easily, little boy. how dare you how dare you do such a thing to me. damn i won't forgive you. reaper transfer. what the.. the wound is healed already. fire style: phoenix flower jutsu. you're mine. shadow clone jutsu. too slow. there's no point making clones if the real one gets caught. your diversion isn't doing any good. it's not a diversion the real one is the bait. rasengan. i did it. no, not yet what's with her.. what's going on. how dare you do that to my body. and not just once, but twice. reaper transfer. you're not an average little boy. the wound again. water style: storm upheaval. water crap, after water comes.. earth style: mud silhouette. earth. thunder style works better on a wet opponent so why did she. wait a second. when i hit her with rasengan, she used the thunder style. then when she scratches the arm, it's water style. i see now she must be are you switching bodies.. that's why so many elements nothing will come of that knowledge. water style: mouth of the serpent. reaper transfer. earth style: mud silhouette. i can't allow anyone who knows my secret to live. in exchange, i'll be taking your body. or do you wanna die. give me a break. huh. i won't let you get away with this. enough of you're bluffing. damn you. earth style: stone column spear. how dare youmy hair. take this. sora come to think of it your chakra is windnatured, isn't it. there aren't many people with that nature, so i need to restock. reaper kiss i'll make your vast power all mine. her body changed, but the blood is still there. what a weird jutsu. wait a sec whwhat are you doing. i finally figured it out. the truth behind your jutsu. this. bastard. it was the same then, too. you were more concerned with your hair than your body. there must be some secret about your hair. now that it's come to this i will take your body. i'llsuck you. you freaking how dare you what's the heckis this.. shadow clone. i won't let you this time. rasengan. what a monster sora. wait for me. wind style: jade hurricane you know about the ninetailed fox spirit, right. the real monster that attacked this village and almost completely annihilated it. the ninetailed fox spirit. there are different types of monsters called tailed beasts. we humans have sought them since ancient times. all for the sake of obtaining the massive amounts of power they have and using them as ultimate weapons. those who obtained a tailed beast, gained immense power that could be used to seize the world. all the countries conducted various experiments and finally found a way to control the tailed beasts by sealing them inside human bodies. people with a tailed beast sealed in their bodies are called jinchuriki. and each country has made desperate efforts to obtain them. and it was here in the hidden leaf village that we had a chance to obtain a jinchuriki. it was fifteen years ago the fourth hokage sealed the ninetailed beast attacking the hidden leaf into a baby. and the leaf gained a jinchuriki. but leaf's chance was our chance as well. we managed to harvest some of the chakra that was expelled from the ninetailed beast. however, that chakra couldn't be sealed right away and it took five years to implant it into a boy. so, you're saying yes. it's you, sora. you are that simulated jinchuriki. since when even though you're not a true jinchuriki, you should have almost equal the power of a real one. since when.. since the beginning. since the beginning, you were born to bring death. you are the weapon we created. no way you probably don't remember but right after the chakra was sealed in your body, you couldn't control it and went berserk. you ramped around, and even destroyed the fire temple's iron wall seal. me. because of that i've been totally alone and hated and never had any comrades. kitane rat, dog, rat, tiger, horse, horse, ram dog, dragon, rat, rat, tiger, dragon, rabbit, monkey, monkey rat, dog, rat, tiger, horse, horse, ram the two kings what does the king really mean to us, after all. asuma do you know who the king is. of course. it's the feudal lord of the land of fire or the hokage. but i think we should only have one king to protect dad. gee, it seems you still don't get it. i probably felt the same way as kazuma back then. i understand that. i just couldn't go along with his ideas. nowyou have your answer. maybe. next time i'll leave it all up to you. earth style combined with reanimation jutsu sora. come on, your job is waiting. you and i will get very busy. the scent of earth it's coming from the north they got you, kitane. so in that case, i think the other three should be washed up by now. limelight failed. thenthe village will be now that it's come to this, you'll have to do it. i'll completely release the sealing jutsu. release. sora sora. the defense barrier and the reanimation jutsu have been broken and the area around the main gate is returning to normal. i see. it seems everyone maneuvered well. and what about the jutsu asuma reported, that burns down villages. that was also prevented before the fact. now we have completely smashed the enemy's diversion as well as their probable main operation. that's right. now all that's left are the enemy remnantshuh.. what's the matter. what's that red light. next time: "despair. " )