what an impressive tailed beast. the ordinary method doesn't work, after all. well, it doesn't matter i'll just move on to the next step. inside the mist hey, are you all right. yeahmore or less. it doesn't seem like the leaf ninja are nearby. but i can't figure out the situation. say, what was that huge wave just now. and i heard a cry of some sort just what are guren and the others doing. it's probably better for us if we don't know. oh, gozu you're alive. yeah where's guren. i dunno. you should be able to find her. we'd like nothing better, but suddenly the bats stopped responding. frankly, i'm stumped. where do you think you're going. she may be injured hey, finding her is hey gozu. oh, man. he's got a crush on her. damn it. i was put through hell. how far down did i wash away. i know. him. what was he doing with orochimaru's ally. now listen, follow that person. don't let that person go. uhhuh. that kid could it have been my fault.. damn it. this fog. where am i. don't interfere. what're you gonna do with sasuke.. i'm going to begin the reanimation jutsu. what.. that is his wish. he will attain power and i will attain him. as if i'd let you. we're gonna take sasuke back to our village. how silly. he doesn't desire such a thing. still, home is where people think of you. i believe that i wonder if that's true shut up. youwill regret it. shut up. stop. naruto. phew that was close. kakashi sensei.. look, we finally found you. what do you think you're doing.. huh.. but orochimaru was right here huh. i don't pick up any scents. it seemsthat was an illusion. huh. but are you all right, naruto. we've assembled everyone. but it doesn't mean our problems are over. hmm. look this is.. they have started to act weird. their sense of direction is shot. we can't use them for reconnaissance. hey, hey, are you serious. it started after the fog became thicker. on our side, naruto saw an illusion. it seems this is no ordinary fog. naruto what happened at that lake. there wasthis giant rampaging turtle. those guys we fought earlier were fighting it. hmm. what. a turtle.. hey are you saying that giant chakra was actually a turtle. shut up. i'm telling the truth. anyway, the turtle caused that giant wave. gamakichi saw that thing and said it was a threetails threetails.. a tailed beast appeared here. probably although it's not like he saw how many tails he had senpai just when i thought we figured out their target we've come across another puzzling thing in any case, we must retreat to somewhere this fog can't reach us. we'll go through all our data and plan our next strategy. why didn't you kill him. what was that just now. guren yuukimaru. i see i fought with a threetails and lost consciousness. i never imagined that the threetails would have such power that raging current probably swallowed up the rest. if the hidden leaf are on the move, i want to join up with rinji and the others, but in this fog what happened to the threetails. i don't know it suddenly got quiet i see but i'm glad. that you woke up you were moaning the whole time you wouldn't wake up, no matter how many times i called out your name i get it he stayed by me the whole time i was unconscious now then. shall we go find the others. uhhuh. but i wonder what. it's sorta strange. i don't have any strength in my body you have a fever again. since when. byakugan. oh. amazing. did you see something. yes. let's go back. yes that is surely no ordinary fog. there's quite a bit of chakra inside it. furthermore, it has totally enveloped the lake. it's a considerable amount of chakra. i guess we're right to conclude that the fog was produced by the threetails. yes according to what naruto said, that fog has the power to make you hallucinate. it's like a kind of barrier. it's dangerous to approach the lake. that's bad. he's still inside there. he. remember sakura, i told you before. i met him on the way here. oh, that's right oh, when you were delirious quit being so rude. anyway, he's still on the lake. inside the fog. the lake. please, kakashi sensei. he's not a ninja. i have to find out if he's okay sorry, naruto. i can't allow it kakashi sensei. earlier, you were ensnared by the threetails' illusion and almost ended up killing your comrade. acting on your own is out of the question. ii know that, but but kakashi sensei the problem is what'll we do now. whatever has developed, we've fallen far off track from searching for orochimaru's hideout. well, the situation has gotten too big for me to make arbitrary decisions. and so, i've already sent pakkun back to hidden leaf village. we'll wait here until we get orders from lady tsunade. in the meantime, stay outside the perimeter of the fog and keep an eye on the threetails and those others. that's the gist of it. i had heard that the threetails disappeared after the last great war. but to have it reappear in this form orochimaru has gotten involved in something troubling. but the akatsuki are desperately searching for tailed beasts. perhaps the fact that we discovered it first is a blessing in disguise. yes but if the akatsuki get wind of this, it's certain to turn into tugofwar for the threetails. we cannot hand it over to anyone. you'll capture it then. i don't think it will be easy however, there must be some kind of precedent i'm going to look it up in our existing documents. i want you to summon the members i've written there. understood. all done thank you for your help today. really.. yes please keep up the good work. yes. i can't go on we're just beginning, tenten. the real challenge begins now. well said, lee. words of weakness in the midst of your youth are forbidden, tenten. right. to be mutually aware of one's partner and to watch each other's back. to hone one's skills in taijutsu to form an unbeatable combination. let us do that. and trying to keep up with all your showboating is wearing me out. hmm.. lee, what is the purpose of this training. coordination with one's partners. it's training to build up synergy. correct. however, do you think you are in harmony with tenten right now. she's breathing hard oh no. i understand, sensei. it seems my feelings have gotten ahead of hers. that's my student. you catch on quickly. cripes, we've been at this nonstop for five hours. no matter how many bodies i have, i can't hold up. i still have a lot left in me. well said, lee. as soon as tenten has caught her breath, we'll resume training. i'm going to perform a taijutsu attack without holding back, so counter me with all your might. right, guy sensei. we're going to continue anyway. wait, look. we're being called up. all right. we'll continue after you get back. go, you two. show them the results of your long, arduous training. right. yes. and that's the gist of the situation. you will go to support kakashi and the others who have gone ahead of you. you are probably aware by now that the most critical thing is to seal the threetails. sealing the threetails will require extremely delicate chakra control. medical ninja consisting of myself and ino. plus sakura and hinata, who are already there, will form the sealing unit. right. i'll do my best. lee and tenten, i need you to fill the gap that hinata and sakura will be leaving. as long as the enemy is after the threetails, confrontation will be inevitable. you can count on us. we'll fight with the full power of our youth. i will lead you to the site. don't lag behind. geez, it won't do if you collapse from nursing the sick. this is my second time taking care of him if you give him that much medicine could those pills be the cause. in any case, i must avoid a battle with the enemy while i have him. hey, yuukimaru. wake up. you know the place i can return tois by you. huh. i finallyfound it. we're supposed to be on watch until the next shift. that naruto. don't slack off. huh. sakura i've been thinking huh. but i can't find an answer by myself. back then, when i was training the pervy sage said something to me. jiraiya. "wherever someone thinks of you, that's where home is. " that's a nice saying. butis that really true. if that's true, then if we keep thinking about someone, that person would return, right. yes i'd like to think that. but no matter how much we think of someone, there are some who won't return. it's a very difficult thing to have your thoughts reach someone. yet, if you give upand there's no one to think about that person that's sad. yes. if we give up, then there really won't be a place to return to. yes. no matter what anyone says, we just have to keep thinking of him and create a place where he can return freely at any time. sakura. okay. you're right. we just can't give up. right. i feel much better, thanks to you, sakura. i'm going back to my position. in thirty minutes, the next twoman team will relieve us. so stay alert. thank you. sakura she's right so if someone is thinking about me, then that's the place i go back to. yup no matter what anyone says, just keep thinking about him. butif he really has no place to go i'll be the one he can come home to. sakura, i'm here to relieve you. right. so far, there's been nothing unusual. um excuse me what's wrong, sai. your position is over there. well, i don't see naruto. what.. did that guy go back without having anybody take over his position.. if so, we would've crossed paths we're talking naruto here. he may just be sleeping somewhere. no way that naruto next time: "everyone's feelings" tune in again )