are youreallygoing to kill everyone in the village. yeah. every single one. it will allow us to achieve the restoration of the land of fire. wasn't removing the land of fire king your, i mean, my father's cause. why do people totally uninvolved have to die.. they are involved. as long as there are people alive who believe in the hokage, the land of fire cannot become one. do you understand. your father was killed by asuma who believed in the hokage. the king isn't the problem. the problem is those who believe in the king. as long as they're around, a king can be replaced over and over again. that's where your father was mistaken mistaken. it's not the king that needs to be gotten rid of. it's the pawn. the king can be crushed only after eradicating everyone in the village. then the land of fire can truly be unified. limelight when the four sources of lightning come together, everything goes back to zero. that is the time when all our aspirations will be fulfilled. fouka, fuen, fudo. protect their paths. protect the paths of the dead jutsu casters kitane, nauma, tou'u and seito. once the preparations for the limelight have been completed, we will get out of the village. along with you. everyone's struggle to the death it appears the trick lies in that mountain of dirt. you're right. they summoned the earth from the villages they attacked over these past several days along with the buried villagers. so they're bringing the buried villagers back to life one after another with a reanimation jutsu, huh. give me a break. how the heck many people did they kill. expansion jutsu. arm. this is endless. there's so many of them. at this rate, the village will be buried with the dead. the number of enemy units is continuing to grow. the reinforcement unit has joined up, but it is all they can do to keep the enemy from advancing to the shopping district. fifth hokage, please let me go to the field. i won't be able to come up with anything by trying to work this out in my head. it's not in my nature. fine i'll do what i can. i'm counting on you. yes, ma'am. you look good like that you courageous boy i can save you if you give that body of yours to me. i don't have a single thing to give you. beat it, you old hag. i see you horrible kid furido told me to keep you alive but everyone makes mistakes. lightning style: electric needle spark. shadow clone jutsu. tenacious, as expected. i can't afford to be wasting time here. then i'll settle things for you. die. wood style: domed wall. stop hiding. that's right you're also an earth style user then let's find outwho's better. earth style: falling earth spears. it seems my body was a bit harder than rock. what is this place. anyway, i've got to get out of here. no. stop. can't you forget about this. no, i can't i liked you. me, too. and yet i never thought i'd have to kill you lightning style: lightning bind. i won't bother. i'll let you live. i don't have the time to be dealing with you kitane. wait kitane soon, they should be arriving at the promised land for the activation of limelight no. i won't let you kill the people of this village. i won't let you kill the people of this village. i hate asuma but what you are doing, it's so you're just like your father, huh. wha.. you jerk you're pathetic, sora. this is what happens when those shunned by others are treated a little kindly what did you say. it was the same with your father, too i will smash all of that foolishness. it is exactly that nave thinking that ruins the land of fire. it's what gives life to this village and kills those with a soul. am i right. do you want to die like your father did.. sakura sakura. naruto. you're okay now, sakura. what about the enemy. the walls were covered with moths and they attacked me it's okay, sakura. you must've had quite a frightening experience. but don't worry i'll set your mind at ease. why are you running. you don't have to run away. die, sakura. come on, sakura. wait. don't run. stop it. hurry up and die. stop. at this rate, the number of injured will only continue to grow. we've got to find a fundamental solution to this how's the battle situation, ino. shikamaru. she passed out from the illusion caused by the poisonous moths. i wonder what kind of dream she's having. well, nightmares suit little girls release. goodbye, little girl. a substitution. goodbye, you sick jerk. hhow did you escape my jutsu. the instant i heard your voice i could pretty much guess what you were going to do. there was the poisonous spider in the labyrinth before. and this time, you used poisonous moths. i anticipated your attack pattern and was prepared with a counter. you gave yourself an antidote. you're evasive and were never even on the battlefield. the outcome of this fight was determined from that moment on. what. the defense barrier it's vanishing if the barrier is broken then has a detached unit defeated the jutsu caster. even if that's the case, the situation won't change if these guys don't go away. even so, the detached units are very doing well. we've got to take care of things on our end, too. well said, choji. shikamaru. this is a diversion. the enemy's objective is probably elsewhere. we've got to take care of things here as quickly as possible and go back up the detached units. we know that. stop complaining and come up with a strategy. what a slave driver. choji. you've got some chakra saved up, right. yeah, all set. i can go anytime. what about the rest of you guys. i'm fit as a fiddle and ready to go. i won't give in to youngsters. i was just thinking i wanted to rampage like crazy. yeah, us too. yyeah. okay then, let's go. it's still too soon to go beddybye, boy. earth style: mud silhouette. water style: mouth of the serpent. the earth gains momentum from the water and turns into a mudslide. eat this. let's fight for real already. or are you going to just run around forever. i'm not just running. i was just waiting for the right conditions for a counterattack. water style: ripping torrent. water style.. i should've been on alert for the water style from a wood style user but i won't be beaten so easily. you tilled the ground just right for me. sandy soil, when broken down into fine particles, absorbs water and liquefies a lot easier. you jerk that was your plan from the start. i don't need to take part in an earth style battle to beat you. wood style: tree bind eternal burial. whwhat's this.. become soil in the leaf village, earth style user. nooo. go, choji. expansion jutsu. human boulder. next. here i go. severe leaf hurricanes. man beast clone. what the heck is this.. black clouds cover the sky and roars of thunder reverberate. the hidden leaf is close to total destruction. friends scramble to avoid the impending crisis. yet, there is another impending crisis amidst the chaos. the secret of sora's origin will at last be revealed. sora stands frozen in shock as furido reveals more about his terrible plan next time: "moment of awakening. " )