sora will become a member of team kakashi on a temporary basis while sai recovers. and so now i'd like to practice some new formations. yes, sir. what. forget about that. i want to do wind chakra training. the awful guy makes a good point for once. cut out the "for once" stuff. oh. that's right. i had something i wanted to ask you, captain yamato. i want you to tell me a few things about the change in chakra nature. well, this is a dilemma if i tell you, you'd better seriously practice. okay so, what's your question. you said you create the wood style by combining the earth style and water style, right. that's right. that's because i have the two properties. water and earth. kakashi sensei said that when you become a jonin you become able to use two or more properties. will i also eventually be able to use stuff like the water style. hmm, i don't know about that. you're born endowed with the change in chakra nature, so we'd have to find out whether you have the water style. so that means no matter how hard i try, i won't be able to learn it if i didn't have it in the first place. in your case, your fundamental property is wind. so even if you did have other properties, they could turn out to be weak. because of that, jonin obtain their second and third properties by training to be able to use that weak chakra. then that means it's rare to be able to obtain all five properties. at the very least. so far as i know there aren't any shinobi who can use all five properties right from the start. then wind style: scattering flower dance. then how the heck did she. is that it for the questions. then let's begin our formation practice. it's futile to teach a temporary team something like formations. asuma. first of all, naruto isn't the type who thinks and then acts, right. and it seems sora is of the same type. don't lump me together with him. what's your problem. it seems they're both power and closecombat types. so wouldn't it be best to place them on the front line let them do what they want and have the remaining two people back them up. i understand that, but backing these two up, huh. well, it's a stretch trying to suddenly hammer formations into them. the rhythm of comrades is something learned gradually by acting as a team. then that means "formation yada, yada, yada" comes after that. you're right. then each of you will do your own training for a while. all right. then i get to continue the training i was doing before, right.. right, captain yamato. no. you need kakashi senpai for that. i know. as i recall, you're on standby right now, aren't you, asuma sensei. why don't you guys have asuma help you with your training. he has the same wind chakra nature as you guys, after all. i'm ready, asumasensei. let's do it. i asked first. so what of it. you, get lost. be quiet. he shoved this off on me well. what.. the two kings did you guys do all this. yeah. i did more than half, though. you liar, sora. huh. you want to fight.. what're you doing out of nowhere like that.. let me tell you one thing. i'm not obligated to force myself to supervise you guys. if that's clear, then take out your kunai knives and throw them while forming a mental image of your wind chakra. even so, you don't have to hit us damn it. just you watch. i'll make you say, "whoa. " this much power without using a chakra blade, huh. i see. how about it, asuma sensei.. i'm more awesome than this guy, right. huh.. take a good look, you awful jerk. what's your problem. listen, watch closely. can you tell the difference. the hole's small. exactly. this is imagery training for increasing the accuracy of windnatured chakra. you're making holes in the target tree. you're forming mental images of destruction as it were. that's why your mental images of windnatured chakra aren't turning out right. you strayed from the steady and sharp mental image of the chakra and got distracted. in other words, the size of the hole is the size of the distraction. i get it. the size of sora's holes is the size of his distraction. yours beats me, though. say what.. you can fit three squirrels in your hole. you can fit five in yours. then seven. indeed, it should be possible for them because their chakra is exceptional. naruto i understand, but sora, too this training isn't about the amount of chakra you use. form mental images by concentrating each and every time. right. okay. increase the accuracy of your wind chakra. let's do this. i won't give in. this is sora's you say you were contacted by chiriku. yes we've found out something unexpected about sora. sora is kazuma's son. well the thing with kazuma is water under the bridge. the issue is what's to come. "this remains unknown to the outside world" around ten years ago, there was a tragedy that brought the fire temple to the brink of destruction. i rushed to the temple after receiving a report. and what i saw was like a scene out of a nightmare. even the glorious iron wall seal of the fire temple had been ruthlessly destroyed. out of the way. stretcher coming through. hey, hang in there. lord chiriku what happened. iit wasn't human. it wasn'thuman. it was enveloped in evil chakra. hhey. i'll take him now. this is horrifying. what the heck happened. i don't know. all of a sudden, something strange happened to sora. things got out of hand we all tried to stop sora. but this is how it turned out. sora did this. needless to say, we did a thorough examination of sora's body after that. but we couldn't figure out the cause. we had surveillance on sora at all times. but he would never rampage again. however, those who remembered the incident loathed sora fearing his mysterious power and would avoid him. so this is the reason why sora felt like he didn't belong at the fire temple but what was the cause. indeed, it seems the cause for sora's rampage remains unclear. yeah that's probably why chiriku was concerned as well. it seems he wants to take the opportunity while sora is here in the hidden leaf to have him looked over closely. i see at any rate, sora is just like yeah all right. it's starting to get dark, so we'll continue tomorrow. what.. tomorrow.. all right. he's going to supervise all right. our training tomorrow, too. aactually all right. all right. all right. all right. oh no all right, i'm going to train like crazy today. hey, that's sneaky. damn it. one more time. i'm just getting started. oh, man i'm stunned by their stamina. ichiraku ramen and in addition to making me hang around for their training, they leech food off me, too. okay. here you go. thank you. thank you. check, please. sure. thanks for your business. ah, i'm stuffed. now, i can't look out for you guys anymore. now you guys have to get the hang of things on your own. right. i'll master it no problem. what a dirtybreechcloth. you should say, "it's seen a lot of service. " heh. my dad's was nice and clean. huh.. i don't remember my dad's face very well. but even now i can never forget that spotless and clean breechcloth. to me, my dad is that white sparkle itself. but i heard that he was killed because he schemed to make the land of fire his own. most people would gossip about him intentionally so that i would hear. and so i was glad that you seemingly cleared that up, old man. all right. then let's continue our training. oh. that's dirty. hold up, sora. well, this is the perfect time. join me for a bit. okay, we're here. what is this place. is the item i asked for finished. oh, asuma. i had a hard time getting my hands on this much metal. whwhat's this. it's my. how.. i had your broken claws fixed with the same materials used in chakra blades. these suit you, don't they. it just didn't feel right not having these, sure enough. when did you start using those. from the day i was born. but why did you do this for me, old man. oh. lord chiriku asked you, huh. what's the first thing you're supposed to say when someone gives you something.. owowow. that hurts, old man asuma. i'm not an old man yet. ninja tools mantendo i've always been by myself. i don't need any help. oh, boy. he's so defiant. but you were right, chiriku. he's better suited to village life rather than temple life. the land of fire doesn't need two kings. the hidden leaf is just one military force. the king known as the hokage is not necessary. a country needs only one king, the feudal lord. feudal lord, excuse me for bothering you while you are resting. have you betrayed us, asuma. the feudal lord will not accept your ideas. therefore, he left things to me and has been moved to a safe location. asuma. kazuma. the one who finished kazuma off was you're sure sentimental. oh, kurenai. shall we go to a movie or something. this isn't like you. you smoke too much. why don't you quit. well, if i can. daddy, buy me a baked sweet potato. sure. three baked sweet potatoes, please. coming right up. and here i thought he'd come right after me. you're a cute kid, so i'll throw in one for free. thank you. hey, say thank you. right. thank you, mister. sure. you're a good kid. i'll give you one more. what's the first thing you're supposed to say when someone gives you something.. thank you huh. thanks. yo. you're that jerk from back then. you've got nerve marching right into enemy territory what're you planning. how petty. then is the hidden leaf an ally to you. i told you that you've been granted a massive power from heaven, didn't i. what a waste. if it were me, i'd use that power for a great cause. no way will i listen to what you have to say. keep your shirt on. i went to the trouble of coming here because there was something i forgot to tell you. let me tell you something good. the one who killed your father is the former member of the guardian shinobi twelve, the backstabber asuma sarutobi. it's up to you whether you believe it, or not. why old man asuma.. those are for him. see you around. danzo's gone.. sora you've been acting strange since you got back. hey, what the heck shut up leave mealone. that's strange. why did sora suddenly start sulking. what could the cause be. no good. i can't think of anything. don't you have any cliff notes or something among your books that explains human thought in a simplerier way. but sakura said i should learn stuff like this through experience. i can't keep associating with him while he's so moody and unfriendly. really. but i get the feeling butting heads is perfect for you and sora. next time: "jetblack signal fire. " )