kakashi. it won't wash off. kakashi: shadow of the anbu black ops a mask that hides the heart accept this from the hokage. deliver it to lord tsuchikage and relay to him that we desire an immediate response. there's no need to deliver anything to him. we'll give you your answer right here. sometimes it's best not to be so hasty. what.. the fourth kazekage. why is the hidden sand here. this is hidden sand territory. it would be unwise to have an incident occur here. we'll put out any sparks that rain down over us. the sand will move accordingly, as the sand. remember that, whatever you decide to do. scatter. what about the request to enter into the peace treaty. naturally, it will be turned down. whatever the hidden leaf negotiates with the hidden sand, nothing will challenge the unity of the stone.  right.  exactly. silence. naturally, i am proud of the unity of the stone. however. with the pride on our line, we sent 1000 of our shinobi. and i hear that it took just one of them, the yellow flash, to stop the invasion. and that's the reality of it. i hear they're going to enter into a peace treaty with the hidden stone. how much faith can we put in a single piece of paper. that's for sure. you guys, think about the burden on lord third. in any case, the long, great war will be over for now. let's toast with some dumplings. hey, kakashi. want to join us for some dumplings. he's not too sociable these days. is something bothering him. well, you can't expect him to be jumping for joy. are you talking about obito and rin. yeah. that would definitely leave a hole in your heart. kakashi. rin. how a shinobi should die well done. we can breathe a sigh of relief for a while. are you satisfied with an agreement like this. to forgive the hidden stone's actions and drop our demands for compensation. it's as though we lost the war. what do you think, hiruzen. continuing the war any further would be disastrous for the already exhausted hidden leaf. it's a step toward finding common ground. many of my friends gave their lives for this great war. it's like they died in vain. and i assume full responsibility for that. how will you take responsibility. i intend to step down as the third hokage, and have the fourth hokage installed. how regrettable. the third hokage was doing a fine job. hmm. truth be told, the third hokage was too soft. and he allowed the village to be pushed into a corner. we need a hokage who will change things, and enforce the laws of the shinobi. we need someone like that. and. is there such a person. i recommend orochimaru, one of the legendary sannin.  oh.  him. what do you think, lord third. orochimaru is truly a genius in this age of war. however. a sinister will and greed lurk deep behind those eyes. such a person cannot be given the duties of a hokage. lord third. i recommend minato namikaze. a pupil of jiraiya. in other words, a disciple of your disciple. a man so skilled, he's nicknamed the yellow flash. oh. minato is still too young. he emerged victorious at the battle of kannabi bridge, and distinguished himself by leading the way to end of the third great shinobi war. i am opposed. what about the rest of you. i believe that you will carry on the will of fire. so i want to entrust you with the future of the hidden leaf. and the shinobi world. you will accept, won't you. i shall do my best to deserve your trust, lord third. i wish i could have passed this on under better circumstances. what lies ahead is not peaceful. i'm prepared for it. good. i know you can do it. what are you doing there. what did lord third want with you. well. did you get scolded. so what. don't worry about it, ya know. well, it wasn't that. then what. well. he wants me to be the fourth hokage. oh really. don't mind the hokage what.. what did you just say. i've been named the fourth hokage. congratulations, ya know. hey, hey. thank you very much for all your hard work. thank you. it's all going hiruzen's way. the third hokage intends to use minato as a puppet and keep ruling the hidden leaf. at this rate, the hidden leaf has no future. don't give up yet. if my research is successful, it will be easy to grasp the power of the hidden leaf. to grasp power. stronger measures must be prepared. when the time comes, we won't be choosing measures. but, it's not time yet. generally, if he's popular at all, he should. let's go, kinoe, kinoto, hinoe. i, hiruzen sarutobi, hereby announce my resignation as hokage, and appoint minato namikaze as the fourth hokage. signed, third hokage hiruzen sarutobi what's going on.. hey, kakashi. "how a shinobi should die".. what is this. give it back. what's going on. oh yeah. the fourth hokage was just announced. don't be shocked. minato sensei will be the fourth hokage. rin nohara rin. it seems like minato sensei is going to be hokage. minato sensei will be the professor's successor and change the hidden leaf. and the shinobi world. there won't be any more sacrifices like you guys. i'm counting on you. fourth hokage. i shall dedicate my life to it. kakashi. you shouldn't use that jutsu anymore. from what i could see, your focused concentrated attack undoubtedly has power and speed. but it makes you move too fast to be able to ascertain your opponent's counterattack. it's still an imperfect jutsu. those were minato sensei's words back then. obito. i'm giving you.my sharingan. whatever the village may say. you are.a great jonin. that's how i really feel. so please accept it. you gave me this sharingan in my left eye. when chidori and sharingan became one, it became a complete jutsu. but.that jutsu took rin's life. chidori. so this is where you've been. you have a mission. you've been summoned immediately. enter. there's a mission. yes, i want you to retrieve the documents relating to the peace treaty. yes. there are still some shinobi who desire war. and there are rumors that they are trying to steal the documents to create discord. please do your best on this mission. yes, sir. i'll wrap this up. chidori. kakashi. kakashi. kakashi. kakashi. die. severe leaf hurricanes. another one. this isn't like you. why are you spaced out. ssorry. kakashi. get a hold of yourself. i see. yes. i've never seen kakashi like that. i'm glad i secretly sent you. to help him at a time like this. that's what an eternal rival is for. that's what i believe, but. you've already done a lot. will you leave the rest to me. hidden leaf hospital minato sensei. i mean.lord fourth. address me as you always have. some in the village think i'm not qualified for the position and oppose me. i came here today. to assign you to the anbu under my direct control. why me. i want you to be my righthand man. an how a shinobi should die equipment dept. here's a set of gear for you. thank you. i want you to leave your current mission and take on a special mission. was there an issue. it's nothing like that. this is confidential, but kushina's pregnant. congratulations. thank you. that's why. next time on naruto shippuden: "minato's death. " .i want you to be kushina's bodyguard. minato's death tune in again. )