that uncomfortable feeling i was having all along finally makes sense. what sora was talking about, and the word "king" there's no doubt about it. the one carrying out the intentions of that coup is behind these series of incidents. red blue white black what. we're already being invaded.. butwhat the heck is this. there's so many of them. and this and this isn't normal. you guys are late. genma. what's going on here.. we're going to find that out now. ino, i leave the medical ninja team backup to you. we're counting on you. yes, sir. that tattoo it's the kohaku clan. what'sthe kohaku clan. they're a shinobi clan near the land of fire border and their village was one of the villages victimized by the past several days of attacks. we went on an investigation to a different village and almost all of the villagers were killed in one night. how could they do this to fellow land of fire countrymen. that's unforgivable. thenthat means these people are the ones who were killed. the enemy probably used some kind of reanimation jutsu to bring them back to life. which means they're being used as weapons just to attack us.. for crying out loud. how many villages did they attack. what an awful thing they've done sorry for this. damn it. no way. furido, it's almost time. yeah, this turned into a nice display of fireworks. i guess the four should have the preparations almost complete. and sora, too it's time to back them up as planned. let's go. dismissed. kitane nauma tou'u seito that jutsu of theirs oh my god uncle asuma. konohamaru. what're you doing.. we're in a level one state of alert right now. i know that. we just sent the kids in the village to the evacuation area. i see. then i have another mission for you guys. if you see anyone of chunin rank or higher, tell them to come to the power facility. huh. what's happening. the villageis in danger i can't believe they're going to kill everyone sora. wait. revived souls blue red black white sso that's what this is about the enemy didn't just bring back your jutsu, but your actual selves seito tou'u nauma kitane asuma asuma. i see that's right. this is your village, isn't it. kitane you guys i'm sorry please go back. back to your resting place back to your world place. world. we're dead. we don't have anything like that. but since we've come back to life like this we must do what we have to do. what you have to do. wait. whwhat happened, sora. what happened between you and asuma sensei.. let go of me, you jerk. sora, you don't really believe that asuma sensei killed your father, do you.. you heard him, too, didn't you.. he himselfconfessed to it. he betrayed my father and killed him. asuma sensei would never do something like that. even on order from the hokage. huh. it seems the third hokage was asuma's father. what's your point. my point is, my father was killed by the king of the hidden leaf. the land of fire doesn't need two kings. since there are two kings, there will always be sources of conflict that will continue to fester. that's why my father worked to make it so there would only be one king and yet such a lamentable thing happened to him it happened to him because of asuma who chose the other king. the other king. he was ordered by the hokage to assassinate my father. those under the hokage must follow his orders. that's why my father attempted to bring that king down. even so, that's no reason to attack grandma tsunade, right.. i'm such an idiot after all, i was happy to hear the man who killed my father tell me that he died admirably and i was glad that you seemingly cleared that up, old man. and here i even thought i wouldn't need revenge i even thought revenge would stain my father's life. i thought that way. and yet sora but buti can't imagine the old man third hokage would make asuma sensei do something like that. how can you be so sure.. the same goes for you. how can you be so sure that's true.. after all, you didn't know that asuma sensei was your father's enemy, right. who did you hear that from anyway. that's not your concern. don't tell me you're connected with those guys causing this trouble and intend to wipe out the hidden leaf. no. i haven't heard anything about that. he wouldn't take things that far this fight will get rid of the hidden leaf king people other than the king and asuma weren't supposed to be then what is all this trouble.. that's why i'm trying to go find that out. i knowyour loneliness. i really understand the feelings you hold dear. i had seriously started thinking i wanted to be friends with you. who are you going to believe. us. or wait, sora. long time no see, boy. you i will be your opponent. this time for sure your lips will be mine you guys sorry, asuma i don't have the time to be getting nostalgic over this reunion. don't tell me you're going to use the limelight tou'u. nauma. i won't let you interfere. kitane i have no choice. since i've been brought back to life with the reanimation jutsu, i can't disobey the jutsu caster. i'll kill anyone who interferes even if that person was once a friend. here i go. you sure got oldasuma. asuma senpai. asuma sensei. we heard from konohamaru who's he. he's kitane, a former member of the guardian shinobi twelve from one of the hidden tombs you guys were pursuing. what did you say.. the other three have also been brought back to life. a reanimation jutsu.. using such an advanced jutsu so where are the remaining three. they are on the move to the eastern, western and southern parts of the village. why are they moving in scattered directions. those four were the most powerful lightning style users of the guardian shinobi twelve. they're probably intending to cast limelight, extolled as the greatest skill of all lightning style jutsu. what in the world is the limelight. limelight is a jutsu in which four people surround an area from the east, west, south and north and incinerate that space in an instant. the village will be wiped out the moment the four are in position no way what do we do. don't let the other three get into position. the jutsu won't activate if we can stop even one of them. go, yamato, sakura. i'll handle this somehow. you guys stop the remaining three. right. understood. now having said that, i've got to do my best somehow you've always been like that. the less chance you had of winning, the more you would demonstrate your power kitane, you would only tackle something after careful calculation yeah. but now i have no choice. i can't disobey the jutsu caster. die, asuma. water style: mouth of the serpent. now it's the water style. that's right. she can control several properties. this is not good after water comes that's right. the god of lightning what's going on here.. aren't the reinforcements here yet. you guys are pathetic. we've got to handle this somehow on our own. that's right. we are shinobi of the hidden leaf. complaining is not allowed. that being said, they keep endlessly popping up. we've got to defeat the source of the jutsu. at this rate, the village will be covered with the dead this is endless that's for sure at any rate, what's shikamaru doing. he should be doing something about this situation. this is terrible. looking at our situation, the enemy can come and go as they please through the barrier. which means is it really necessary for them to go to the trouble of concentrating their forces on the main gate and attempting to break through from the front in such a showy way. in other wordsit's a diversion. another unit might already be in operation elsewhere we've got trouble. the village is going to get burnt to a crisp. it's him. it'sthat jutsu again exactly i can't believeyou're still alive too bad. this time i'll kill you without fail. what's this. oh my. and here i was looking forward to a reunion with that guy from before i hate little girls. oh no. what's this chill. you annoy me. you're going to wind up getting roasted whole, either way. but shall i make you first, boy. lightning style: earth flash. it's about time for those lips to be mine what's the matter, asuma.. weren't you going to stop me. if you don't come at me like you mean it, the village will be destroyed. show me that you can stop me, asuma. die. where are you.. come out. i want to talk. over here. yo. furido. i want to talk to you. well, hold on now. take a look at the hidden leaf village isn't the flashing beautiful. huh. what're those lights. oh when the four lights are all in place, the hidden leaf village will be no more. are you really going to wipe out the hidden leaf village.. i'm going to burn the hidden leaf to death with the light. we've received a report from a messenger. it seems the attempt to stop the everincreasing dead has failed and it's only a matter of time before the defense perimeter is broken through what's happening with the reinforcements. i've already send kiba, ino, choji and lee but it seems they're vastly outnumbered. unlike us, the enemy is tireless, after all this long drawnout battle will continue for us unless we can defeat the jutsu casters lady tsunade, could you please send me to the front line. next time: "everyone's struggle to the death. " )