what is that. what is going on.. naruto is fighting pain right now. naruto.. fighting.. by himself. yes. we are told not to interfere. then all we can do is have faith in naruto. naruto there's no mistake. it's definitely naruto. he's fighting alone. no, lady hinata. but naruto is risking his life for our village. if you enter such a battle, you will only get in his way and put him at risk. what did i really lose that day. ano hi honto ni ushinatta monotte nan dattakke for the life of me, i can't remember. tou ni wasureteshimatta yo we slowly lost sight of each other in the twilight yuugure de futari sukoshizutsu mienakunatteitte and yet we're stuck here unable to go home. sore nanoni bokura kaerezu ni ita weak, frail souls lost in the world dokoka ni kowaresou na moroi kokoro we act strong to hide their fragility. tsuyogaru kotoba de ootte kakushiteru hide their fragility ootte kakushiteru so farewell, but even forced apart sayonara aenakunattatte our stories go on. bokura wa tsuzuki ga aru kara even in a world without you, i run. kimi no inai sekai datte hashiru yo to someday get past the pain. itsuka no itami mo koete koete someday ninetails, captured. damn it he even took out chief toad and the others. hey. we must hurry and launch the genjutsu. performing a duet before everyone is so embarrassing. quit complaining and do it. i know already. this genjutsu requires an enormous amount of sage jutsu chakra. in other words, it will take a little time before the jutsu activates. i'm gonna go for that fivesecond interval. as soon as you take in enough sage jutsu chakra, start the genjutsu. remember you only have one shadow clone left to take in sage jutsu chakra for you, narutoboy. once that's gone, it'll be impossible to fight while taking in sage jutsu chakra, as it requires you not to move. and your sage mode will run out in five minutes. using shadow clones to help you maintain stillness and take in sage jutsu chakra was a good idea. but why didn't you make more of them. it's like trying to look to the right and to the left at the same time. we've divided the task, but taking in sage jutsu chakra is extremely difficult. at narutoboy's current level, two shadow clones was his limit. on top of that, i can only produce three shadow clones for battle. any more would interfere with those taking in sage jutsu chakra. i see either way, prolonging things isn't to our advantage. you are strong indeed. this is the farthest pain has ever been pushed. however universal pull. that's enough. forgive us, narutoboy. just hang in there. naruto don't worry. i won't kill you. you are a precious jinchuriki. hah, it doesn't hurt at all. don't underestimate my sage mode. now it's my turn to you are right. that is a problem. what's happening. i'm losing power i get it. this guy is sucking out my sage jutsu chakra. capture of the ninetails, accomplished. just a bit longer and we'll be able to use genjutsu. hang in there, narutoboy. you don't have meyet. quite tenacious, aren't you. so that's how it is. well, it's just perfect since i can't move. so you've finally resigned yourself. you know, nature energy is really hard to control. what is this. i see that pain underwent a petrified frog transformation from absorbing too much of narutoboy's sage jutsu chakra. sage jutsu chakra has its risks, after all. now, it's just you wellnot quite. what do you mean. these pains are puppets. there is another manipulating these pains. the real pain. the real pain.. all right, we're ready. let's do it, ma. gotcha. pa. geezer sage. i've had enough of that genjutsu. shikamaru. ino. you're alive. yes butlady shizune what.. you mean aw dammit. oww. every bone in my body is broken. i see is that what happened. if we had been more diligent, this would never have we can't let lady shizune's death be in vain. we'll unravel the mystery she tried to solve, and find the real pain. you can whine after all this is over. shikamaru can't you say it to her nicer. no, he is right, shikaku. the way to make ourselves useful is to find the location of the real pain as soon as possible. inoichi, you're a skillful jutsu user. are you able to pick up the enemy's chakra and trace his whereabouts. i already tried. but the enemy is constantly changing their chakra frequency. a trace back is impossible. pain is quite adept. pa. bastard. universal pull. has this tamed you a little, ninetails. what are you.. just what do you want.. why are you doing all of this.. why, you ask. things always happen without warning. and the reason becomes apparent afterwards. this situation perhaps i will explain to you. use katsuyu as a medium and gather every piece of data available from those who have encountered pain. the dead may have left some information as well. even if we have to haul dead bodies, find out all we can. haul dead bodies wait i think i know where to find the real pain. what do you mean. did you figure something out. yeah back when i looked into the mind of the hidden rain ninja who was captured by lord jiraiya his duty was to deliver bodies with his partner. it's a knack i got from years of experience. this one's a woman. the highest tower in the village where we always deliver these bodies deliver bodies. yes your earlier remark triggered my memory. now listen first of all, it's basic knowledge that one who transmits chakra signals must be as close to the receiver as possible. and of the several towers that exist in hidden rain village, this man was delivering bodies to the tallest tower. it was rumored in hidden rain village that pain could be found in the tallest tower. actually rumor has it that lord pain lives up there. and the woman who appeared as pain she was the same body as the woman who was delivered to the tallest tower. so this tower was the laboratory where those black rodlike chakra receivers were implanted into corpses to create the pains. and how is that connected to the real pain's whereabouts. the best spot to send out chakra signals it had to be the tallest tower with the widest and farthest reach. i see that means the real pain is in the highest spot close to leaf village. all right. so we'll search every single spot that is at a high altitude. you asked me why i am doing all of this. even if i told you why, i doubt that would change anything. but what if we tried to have a discussion once more. i have nothing to discuss with you. my goal is something even jiraiya sensei was unable to achieve. as i mentioned earlier creating peace, and bringing about justice. peace. justice. yeah, right don't give me that crap. my master. my sensei. my friends. my village. after everything you've done, don't you dare talk about peace and justice. then tell me what your goal is. i'm gonna kill you. and bring peace back to the ninja world. i see that is noble of you. that is justice indeed. however my family my friends my village they suffered the same fate as this village, by you hidden leaf ninjas. how is it fair to only allow you people to preach about peace and justice. what are you talking about.. the land of fire and the hidden leaf had grown too big. to protect its national interests, it forced feudal clans to wage war against each other, and profited from it. otherwise, the nation and the people of the villages would have starved. however, our little nation and its villages became the battlefields for the great nation's war. and each time, our nation was ravaged and laid to waste. after all the fighting subsided, things stabilized in the great nation. and our little nation was left to suffer the pain and misery. you and i seek the same thing. we are trying to establish the peace that jiraiya sensei so desired. you and i are not different at all. we each act according to our own sense of justice. the justice i delivered to the leaf village is no different from what you are trying to do to me. the pain of losing something dear to you is the same. and both of us know that pain all too well. you have your justice and i have mine. we are both ordinary men, driven to seek vengeance under the banner of justice. however, if there is justice in vengeance, then justice will only breed more vengeance. and trigger a cycle of hatred. we are living in the middle of such a phenomenon right now. we know what the past has been and we can predict what the future will be. that is history as we know it. so we cannot help but believe that human beings are incapable of understanding each other. the world of the ninja is ruled by hatred. however even i can see there's too much hate in our ninja world. hate. and i've wanted to do something about this hatred, yet i'm not sure what must be done. but i have faith that there will come a time when people can truly understand one another. it all sounds kinda complicated. and if i can't find the answer, perhaps i will entrust you to find it. yes, sir. i can't turn you down, can i, pervy sage. how would you confront this hatred, in order to create peace. i want to hear your answer. i don't have an answer to something like that. i formed the akatsuki in order to stop this cycle of hatred. i can put an end to it. for thati need the power of your ninetails. i will use the power of every tailed beast to create a tailed beast weapon, many times more potent than the power that destroyed this village. a power enough to wipe out an entire nation instantly. a tailed beast weapon.. the world will know real pain. the fear instilled by that pain would prevent wars. and the world will be on the road to stability and peace. but that kind of peace it's nothing but a fake. humans are not the most intelligent of creatures. this is the only way that peace can be achieved. and after several decades, that pain too will eventually fade with time. it will no longer be a deterrent and humanity will begin to battle once more. this time, they themselves will use the tailed beast weapon against one another and reconfirm what true pain is. and then peace will be restored again, for a time. in the course of this endless cycle of hatred pain will give rise to momentary peace. that is my dream. nagato try not to push yourself. you've already spent so much chakra. peace is right within our grasp. i'm here because i want to be. always crying always giving up before even trying taking the wrong paths so many times that's who i was. but your smile is what saved me, naruto. that's why i'm not afraid to protect you. even if next time on naruto shippuden: "confessions" i will protect naruto. naruto theatre hinata. oh, sakura. what's the deal with the new ending. huh. what do you mean. how can you oust me, the heroine, and have the ending to yourself. ii don't know anything about this is what i'm talking about. don't tell me you bribed the staff. ii wouldn't do such a thing. and "bicycles". if you're a ninja, run. give it up, sakura. there are fans of hinata on the staff of naruto. i'm told they went out of control this time around. what's that supposed to mean.. and just listen to this song. throughout it they keep repeating "bicycle". even the brightest animators have no choice but to put her on a bicycle. oh, that makes sense that's not the point. hey, staff people. make an ending credit with me in it. you hear me.. cha. tune in again. )