i can't believe his arm could move on its own after being separated from his body but when did this happen. was it back when i attacked with a paper bomb. he hid in the smoke and sent his right arm underground tsk. just what i'd expect of the akatsuki. they all use insane abilities. you said we were finished, but my powers are still unknown to you. you keep your distance when you make your next move. you're intelligent, unlike my partner. damn it. my body. do something, kakuzu. oh no. now, choji. spiky human boulder. kakuzu. ssuch power it seems naruto hasn't rested at all. there's no choice. he has to complete his new jutsu and then we have to head out to back up kakashi sensei and the others the time limit is 24 hours, huh. it'll be tough, but all we can do is believe in naruto. after all, there's nobody who can work as smoothly with kakashi sensei and the others as us. kakuzu's abilities all right. it's almost complete. and now i can catch up to sasuke. indeed you can however, watch out for sasuke's fire change in chakra nature. i guess i should explain the comparative strengths of the five great changes in nature to you. what arecomparative strengths. well, put simply, i guess it means the five changes in chakra natures of fire, water, earth, lightning and wind are each connected and have comparative strengths. sowhat does that mean. it's easier to explain with a diagram. there are five main changes in chakra natures. first you draw fire water wind earth lightning the five in a circle. right. andfor example, take the first one, fire i'll draw comparative strengths and weaknesses in this diagram. this fire change in chakra nature is strong against the wind next to it, but weak against water on the other side. the five great changes in nature have strengths and weaknesses in relationship to each other. uhokay. so. he's not getting it simply put naruto your wind style jutsu is weaker than sasuke's fire style jutsu in relationship. only water style can beat fire style. why can't wind style beat fire style. it may be quicker to imagine them. wood burns hotter when wind blows. however, the fire can be put out when water is poured on it. that means if you strike one of sasuke's fire style jutsu with a wind jutsu of the same strength, it'd backfire by making the fire even larger. however, look at the relationship of wind. wind is indeed weak against fire, but it is strong against lightning. in other words, that means your new jutsu will be strong against sasuke's lightning style chidori. naruto it's a good thing you don't have the earth change in chakra nature. so i'm a good match with sasuke, huh. yes, only wind can defeat lightning. no, that's not what i meant. hmm. i mean only the power of wind can help fire by making it an even larger power. yeah, that's right naruto. you're awesome. it looks like your training is going well. i guess. then you'll be finished soon, right. yeah. no, just a minute. could you give me a little more time. there's still something i want to test out. what's going on. i knew it. it's just as raido senpai said it might be a jutsu for hardening his body. that's his power nice analysis that's right. no physical attack will work on me. i'd projected their powers to a certain degree, but this if we can't use direct attacks, what should we do. shikamaru be afraid, you atheist jerks. all right. it's about time for us to counterattack. kakuzu, break this jutsu already. sure it can't be you snuck up behind me without me sensing you too bad be afraid, you atheist jerks. all right. it's about time for us to counterattack. kakuzu, break this jutsu already. sure it can't be you snuck up behind me without me sensing you too bad awesome. what.. what's up with that.. i thought physical attacks weren't supposed to work on you. yeah. how did you get behind him, kakashi sensei.. i saw everything. i saw the jutsu you use for hardening your body. judging from how you formed your seal earlier, i'd say you've got an earth change in chakra nature. in that instant you read the speed of my seal. and using lightning style at this level i see. you'rethe sharingan kakashi earth is weak against lightning we're not a good match you're finished. kakashi sensei is awesome, sure enough. now there's just the other one. in an instant just what i'd expect from kakashi sensei. yeah. we needed to take care of the mortal one first it'd be trouble, after all. you okay, shikamaru. this isn't looking good. kakashi sensei. his shadow possession has reached its limit, huh. he nailed your heart in one shot. how can you get hammered right off the bat like that.. for crying out loud you're next. oh, boy. and here you acted all cool and said, "you're finished. " what's going on. i'm sure i didn't miss the vital spot. all right, let's settle this right now. i intend to. my shadow possession has reached its limit hey, shikamaru. what's happening. and why didn't he die even though the lightning blade nailed him. who knows. but with these guys, it would take a lot to surprise me now. oh, boy i can finally move what'rethose. nowshall we do this, kakuzu. sure whwhat're those.. that chakra feels awful lord jashin. watch me. i'm going to get serious. i mean it. i'll rip out their guts. watch out, choji. right. what. kakuzu. hey. hey. hey. one of them died right after our verbal assault. god, you really stink. since one of the masks that came out of his body died it must've been that mask i hit with my lightning blade earlier. looks like we got something here. hidan, stand down for a while. i'll take care of this. hey just a minute. we've been getting our butts kicked the whole time and it's ticking me off. let's go with the usual. wind style: pressure damage. choji. watch out. kakashi sensei. kakashi sensei. no way he even attacked his own partner.. i get it. he's taking advantage of the immortality. here he comes, choji. no if they are hit headon with that choji, shikamaru. run. lightning style: false darkness. i won't make it in time. look out. kakashi sensei. are you okay. wellsomehow, i guess these guysare powerful that masked guy in particular but no one should be able to use such highlevel jutsu unless they are compatible with that person's own chakra nature. and he uses earth, wind and lightning what the heck is going on. i'm surprised you're the first one we weren't able to kill with this combination kakashihatake. so you read it with your sharingan, huh. however how about this next attack.. what.. fire style: searing migraine. our best plan would be to attack them separately. if we're going to do that, we'll need to stall hidan then i'll do it with my mind transfer jutsu. no. it's too risky. then i'll do it. that won't do, either. we'll be finished if we approach him and he gets some of our blood. but i'll capture him by myself and i'll fulfill that role. next time: "the terrifying secret" )