all right, our shift's over. time to close the gate. we didn't get any advance notices about departures at this hour. hey, we're closing the gate. wait. jiraiya ninja scrolls: the tale of naruto the heroleaving the village where are you going at this hour. and why would you need to resort to all this. i'm grateful to you. but this isn't enough. i'm not satisfied with the lackluster level that i'm at right now. i'm going to get power. at the side of that other sannin. don't tell me you're.. damn it. it's too late. sasuke. the uchiha's genjutsu is powerful. you won't be able to do anything for a while. are you all right, kakashi. yes, never mind me. sasuke's. i heard earlier from izumo and kotetsu. where is sasuke heading that he'd resort to hurting you as well. most likely, to orochimaru. to gain more power. what. orochimaru.. that's so foolish. orochimaru will soon be looking for his next vessel. that's what jiraiya said. sasuke is in danger. no way. we can't let sasuke make contact with orochimaru. and. i want to prevent any rumors that he left the village from spreading. i'm going to issue an urgent lockdown order. that's a good idea. in order to prevent uchiha's position from worsening, we must handle this internally and bring sasuke back quickly and smoothly. ninja academy what's going on. we're on lockdown, but you called us to assemble. i'll explain once everyone is here. heh. what's with the attitude. oh, by the way, why are we meeting in the classroom. uuh, i couldn't think of anywhere else. hokage were the desks and chairs always this small. no, we just got bigger. guess you're right. sakura's eyes are popping out of her head. what's so great about that guy anyways. i don't get it. damn it, naruto. don't glare at sasuke. move. just beat him up, sasuke. huh. no way.. oops. sorry. a headband. a current academy student wouldn't have one of those yet. sorry we're late. we're late because you insisted on walking here on your hands. are we the last ones. yeah, we're all here now. all here. what about that damn sasuke. it's because of sasuke that things have become a bit of a drag. right, sakura. uh.yeah. i was outside of lady tsunade's office and overheard kakashi sensei and lord hokage talking. sasuke.left the village. wwhat.. sasuke did what.. wwhy. he went to find orochimaru. i don't know why, but he left in order to get power. say. isn't orochimaru one of the legendary sannin.. yeah. furthermore, the rumor is that he killed several villagers for his experiments and ran away when he was discovered. why would he go to someone like that. that man is still dangerous, so what kind of power is sasuke seeking. naruto. this headband. sasuke.was here. the headband, which symbolizes the hidden leaf. he left it here in the academy classroom, which holds so many memories for all of us. so in other words, does it mean that sasuke. has abandoned us, and the hidden leaf. no way. okay, so he's been a little irritable lately and short with me, and he said some sarcastic things that made me mad. but he's a hidden leaf. he's our friend. naruto. orochimaru is going to steal sasuke's body to use as his vessel. sasuke doesn't know that. what the hell is sasuke doing.. i'm gonna bring sasuke back. before he meets up with orochimaru. i'm bringing him back to the village. hold on a minute. we have to think of the position the uchiha are in too. we can't make a big deal out of this. still, we can't let naruto go alone. so naruto and i'll go. naruto. i know, sakura. i'll bring him back even if i have to beat the hell outta him. see. this is our secret tunnel. akamaru and i occasionally go outside of the village for fancy moonlight picnics. why are you calling it a picnic. you just take him for walks. yeah. you're gonna get caught one day. i wouldn't mess up like that. besides, thanks to him, we can go outside now, so you should be thankful. shikamaru, we'd better hurry. yeah. naruto. naruto, please. please bring sasuke back, no matter what. don't worry. i'll bring sasuke back. i promise you that. we're counting on you, naruto and shikamaru. yeah, you bet. naruto. please be careful. sasuke boldly walked out the front gate leaving clear tracks everywhere. that makes it easier to follow him. sasuke. why. why did you. i'm. why did i think you would be like itachi. perhaps it's still too soon for you. itachi was able to perfectly master it when he was about your age. damn it. chidori stream. those three years. what is this feeling. i can't let those three years end in a blink of an eye. naruto uzumaki. he's gained a lot of strength in three years. that loser. i'm going to obtain power, no matter what it takes. minato. kushina. listen to this. despite the lockdown order, naruto's snuck out and gone off somewhere and hasn't come back. well uh. you're not supposed to leave the house either. it's not only naruto, ya know. shikamaru's missing too. sakura and ino were at home, but something didn't seem right. it's like they were hiding something. hiding. yeah. like what if they saw examples of naruto becoming a delinquent, like him going out every night, doing something dangerous.. and because sakura and ino are just too nice, they didn't tell us because they don't want us to worry. are you even listening, minato.. oh, yes. don't worry about naruto. i think he's probably out doing some training. this way. right. if sasuke of the uchiha clan leaves the village, there will be a few who will not stand idly by. mainly the children reared by this cowardly system that has been passed on by the third hokage through to the fourth. keep watch on them, and if they make a move, follow them. i want the gift to orochimaru to reach him safely. if they interfere, get rid of them. use whatever means necessary. it's possible those fools won't be the only ones on the move. therefore, i have gathered you, the best of the foundation. do your best. not good. damn it. no.. what.. bushy brows.. neji. tenten. what are you doing here. we saw some shadowy figures pursuing you as soon as you left the village. and we hurried over to be your back up. i must say, being of help like this is much more invigorating than just staying in the village. don't get too enthusiastic. nothing good happens when you get too excited. no, get as enthusiastic as you want. you're a big help. incoming. you guys are. those masks. . they're anbu. don't tell me dad already found out.. only the four here. followed us. and there are five of us. this will be easy. sorry, but. we can't retreat even if dad tells us to. you idiots. you can't just get into a fight with the anbu. we definitely have to bring sasuke back before he meets up with orochimaru, ya know. so please. don't get in our way. get back, everyone. they're not ordinary anbu. naruto. are you okay. they're coming at us with intent to kill. this is way too harsh. considering that all we did was disobey the lockdown order. on top of that, there's no way they would try to kill naruto, the hokage's son. i get it now. these anbu aren't the ones under the hokage. they're with the militant faction led by someone else. not the pacifist faction headed up by the third and fourth hokage. it was supposed to have been dismantled already. i heard about it a while ago. that a separate anbu unit still exists which serves as a training division. i remember it was called. the foundation. the foundation. so they belong to the foundation. damn it. at this rate, we'll never catch up to sasuke. these guys aren't under the hokage. they're from the underground organization, the foundation. i don't care if they're underground or aboveground. if you're trying to kill me, come at me and fair and square with your faces showing. just try and get me. such a hotblooded child. next time on naruto shippuden: "pursuers" we're from the same village, but these guys. what's going on. jiraiya ninja scrolls: the tale of naruto the heropursuers tune in again. )