the light & dark of the mangekyo sharingan you've becomestrong. the same line as before and the bird another farce with your special genjutsu. what do you want to know. it's not over, but i'll hear you out. i'll say it once more when you killed off the entire clan, you mentioned the existence of another person. so that uchiha member you didn't kill was a coconspirator. even you could not kill the entire police force alone. so you figured it out who is it.. it's madara uchiha with that vision and chakra more ominous than my own it's just likemadara uchiha, from long ago heck if i knowthat person. madarauchiha.. one of the founders of hidden leaf village the man who first possessed the mangekyo sharingan. that madara should be long dead. are you making fun of me.. madara is alive it's up to you whether you believe that or not. stop joking around. in order to survive, we cling to all we know and understand. and we label it reality. but knowledge and understanding are ambiguous. that reality could be an illusion. all humans live with the wrong assumptions. isn't that another way of looking at it. just what are you trying to say. it's only your assumption that madara is dead. in exactly the same way you once assumed that i was your kind older brother. i just pretended to be the kind of brother you wanted in order to measure your vessel. what happened that night i was so young and thought it was all an illusion. that i was caught in a cruel genjutsu i wanted to believe that. but that wasunmistakably reality. my eye is not like it was in the past. my sharingan can see through genjutsu. you still speak with such confidence. but for now, i'll take your word for it. why don't we end this little charade. being confident is fine. but sasuke, your eye still isn't the same as mine. then one day, come before me with the same eye that i possess. soyou couldn't kill the friend who is most dear to you. and you dared to appear before me with such weak resolve. then hurry it up and try to kill me with your mangekyo sharingan. or is it too difficult to test your capability against me now. you're pretty sure of yourself neither of them has moved for a while. they're just feeling each other out with genjutsu. mangekyo sharingan this eye is special from the moment it awakens, it goes towards the dark. and the more it is used, the more it is sealed. what do you mean. in time, the mangekyo sharingan loses its light. blindness is that the tradeoff for the power to control the ninetails. you did as i instructed and read the lithograph in the meeting room. madara exactly who and what is he. the first one ever to use that eye to tame the ninetails. an immortal man who is both my partner and my mentor and the only one to uncover the other secret of the mangekyo sharingan. thatis madara uchiha. the other secret of mangekyo sharingan. fox it has another ocular power aside from taming the ninetails. yes one more secret. the most important secret. most important secret. what is it. what is it.. answer me. let me tell you a little about the past. it concerns the history of the uchiha. long ago, madara had a brother a younger brother. madara uchiha and his younger brother from the time they were little, they honed their skills and competed with each other. the mangekyo sharingan awakened in them both and in time, they were considered special by their clan. both sought to sharpen their ocular powers and competed against each other. and the brothers they killed off those important to them and finally awakened the mangekyo sharingan. it had never before been seen among the uchiha. the brothers used their ocular powers to take control and madara became the leader. however, a change began to occur in madara who had been physically fine. as i mentioned earlier, this eye is special. the more you use it, the more it is sealed until you end up with total darkness. that is the ultimate fate of the mangekyo sharingan. the price for gaining power is destroying it yourself, losing its light. in order to regain his sight, madara tried every means possible yet nothing worked. he was in despair. madara became haunted by the mangekyo sharingan and sought light. forgive me he took both eyes from his younger brother. madara now possessed new light. andnever again did the light fade from his eyes. an eternal mangekyo sharingan. it is said that his younger brother's eyes gained eternal light when it found a new host and it triggered a change. a new, unique ocular jutsu was born in those eyes. however, the exchange of eyes can only be conducted among clan members. furthermore, not everyone can attain new powers from this method. that is the historical fact that remains after countless were sacrificed. that is the other secret of this eye madara used his power and took control of one ninja clan after another. ultimately, he formed an alliance with the senju clan of the forest, which was touted as the strongest ninja clan and established a new organization. later, he clashed with the leader of the senju clan, the future first hokage, over the course the village would take. he lost the battle over leadership, but madara still lives with his ocular powers intact. he formed a new organization called the akatsuki and hides himself in its shadows. sixteen years ago, madara instigated the ninetails' attack on hidden leaf village. but that too was foiled by the fourth hokage. in short madara is a bitter, defeated loser he is not worthy of becoming the best among the uchiha. i am the one who shall surpass madara and become the ultimate ninja. and now. i can finally obtain power that exceeds madara's. sasuke. you are my new light. you have my spare eyes. originally, the uchiha clan killed off friends in order to possess mangekyo sharingan. parents and siblings killed each other off to possess eternal ocular powers and they showed off this power they are a tainted clan. and, from the day you were born, you have been inevitably linked to this bloodsullied fate. now come. my little brother. i shall kill you and free myself from this fate and bring about true change. i will be free of the constraints that bind me. but, we only have each other as siblings. i'm always going to be there for you, even if it's only as an obstacle for you to overcome. we are each other's spares. you've been jealous of me and resented me. you've harbored hopes of surpassing me. that is why i am allowing you to live. for my sake this is the true bond between the brothers of the uchiha. it seemsyou are finally seeing what's inside my heart. so it was all for this my name is sasuke uchiha. there are lots of things i hate. and not many things i like. alsoi have no intention of saying i have a dream. but i do have ambition. to restore my clanand kill a certain man. i've finally arrived the moment to fulfill my goal. you say you can see my death but you cannot win against my mangekyo sharingan. unfortunately, your goal will end as an illusion. because you do not possess the mangekyo sharingan. you're still weak you're weak, because you don't have enough hate. you can use your eyes all you like, but my hate will turn my illusion into reality. your reality even during our shoot out, he was able to weave signs for a shadow clone. you ran it through with chidori.. forgive me, sasuke this is my reality give me your light. that ended quicker than i expected itachi's won. sasuke can no longer move all that remains is for itachi to finish him off. do you really think so. of course. there's no way a sharingan could win against the mangekyo sharingan. next time on naruto shippuden: "amaterasu." guess we can't take our eyes away from this one. that's right. naruto tosses around when he sleeps, so i'd better move away. akamaru can dance just as well too now it's you tunneling fang. he's halfasleepbut what power i'm avenging sakura. uhh this voiceisn't. sakura you're a man, after all tunneling fang. rasengan. cripes, talk about tossing and turning i agree. huh. can you lie still and go to sleep.. no. tune in again. )