oh, my bodys still hurts. you cant sleep on the ground without the right gear. sorry. im sorry. but i guess its okay. it looks like we can get back to the village before the days over. what about kakashi sensei. yes, about that. im counting on you. kakashi sensei, what was that. messages to every hidden village. we are working toward a united front. we have to share critical intel as early as possible. the akatsuki possess the tailed beasts. we cannot go on and do nothing. besides, they are led by that madara uchiha. we must do everything we can now. i know that. then hurry up and give your approval. are you willing to lose this war. but the allied shinobi force. what if we give them too much power and this decision comes back to haunt us later. do you really distrust your own nations shinobi that much. first of all. we will need you to come to a decision soon. the battery is running low. it is such a long distance. lets conclude this. lightning approves this. earth agrees with lightning. wind approves this as well. why not. fire approves it. all right. water approves it as well. so now, with this. the formation of the allied shinobi force is ratified. monitors on record. i, tenga, shall serve as the witness. thank you all very much. this ends the transmission. it is finally over. now it would be good to contact the hidden leaf at once. the five great nations mobilize sakura. i wonder where she is now. was she able to persuade naruto. kiba and lee are with her. im sure everythings okay. still. well, worrying about it here wont do any good. did something happen. hey, shikamaru. can i talk to you. dad. tobimaru lord kazekage has returned. did you receive tobimarus message. yes, maam. any word from the feudal lords. yes, just a while ago. it said that they all gave their approval. it came sooner than expected. well, considering the situation. those lords, who often act slowly, had no choice but to act quickly. things are gonna get busy. well meet immediately. send for all the officials at once. welcome home, lady mizukage. we received word from the feudal lord. lets hear it, go ahead. sir. the feudal lords of the five great nations have approved the allied shinobi forces. is that so. its finally time. we must hurry to get ourselves ready too. but its a good thing we were able to secure the eighttails before it fell into our enemys hands. its said that the akatsuki member kisame hoshigaki was defeated in that fight. we were able to weaken the enemys might before the war began, so that was great. just what youd expect from lord raikage. kisame hoshigaki. really. that guy who was called the tailless tailed beast. whats the matter, chojuro. no. umm. nothing. wheres your energy. are you hungry, or something. ive got it. ill treat you to a meal after this. huh. of course, itll be fried pork cutlets. for good luck in battle. fried pork cutlets fried pork cutlets. husband hunting husband hunting.. ii dont care for.oily foods. how pitiful. keep that up and youll fail at the crucial moment. husband hunting fail husband hunting.. husband hunting. youll.fail.. at times like these, you should accept whatever your elder tells you. shut up, or ill kill you. well, that was quick. those lords worked quickly because the tailed beasts and madara were mentioned. i can understand the tailed beasts. but isnt madara someone from long ago. he must be really old by now. he didnt look that old. so who looks older, him or our old man. i tell you. the ignorant have it so easy. well, something like war. it just doesnt seem real. heaven help us. if all our shinobi are young kids who know nothing of war. of course, youknowwho got talked down by one of those kids. when did you all forsake yourselves. well, lets just see what the young ones have got. according to the reports, it seems there was quite an uproar at the conference. it was unusual that the sixth hokage tried to turn things in his favor. the venue was kept secret and security was tight. who would have thought that place would be breeched so easily. but thats the akatsuki for you. they got into the place so easily and threw us into an uproar. tell us everything. it was right after the conference started. they suddenly appeared out of the least expected place. hello. one problem after another. now what.. is it the akatsuki.. it seems so. sasuke uchiha has snuck in. now, where could he be hiding. im very irritated right now. if you attack, ill show no mercy. i would say the same to you. elbow bolt. gale style: laser circus. sasuke. wwhat is this.. gaara. this is even greater than your ultimate defense. impossible. an absolute defense greater than that of the kazekage. thats what he said. it must have been a visual jutsu of the mangekyo sharingan. and then. they made us withdraw and they headed for the conference room. hes coming. it pains my heart every time i see such a handsome man melt away. but you have to die. so a brat like you defeated deidara. well, i hold no grudge against you, but many ninja wish you dead. so long. particle style: atomic dismantling jutsu. my name is madara uchiha. sasuke. i have something i want to explain to you all. and once you comprehend it, i want to pose a question. to think that four kage together couldnt take on sasuke uchiha. that is the power of the akatsuki. why did they attack the five kage summit. to show off their strength. judging from their individual actions, it is difficult to say whether the objectives of sasuke uchiha and madara were the same. however, it seems that madara thought, with any luck, he could take the five kage hostage in order to advance his own plan. the five kage.. how arrogant. what was madaras plan. he called it his "project tsuki no me. " he already has possession of seven tailed beasts, beginning with my onetail. it seems madara plans to collect the two remaining tailed beasts and resurrect the tentails, the combination of every tailed beast, in order to make himself the jinchuriki of the tentails. and using that power, he would place the world under infinite tsukuyomi. and he would place all humans under his rule, and he would control them. a world free of antagonism and strife. is that what he said. ridiculous. that would be the end of the world. exactly. thats all the more reason we must stop him. that is what the allied shinobi forces are for. but if that is the case, i worry about the whereabouts of danzo shimura. i hear that he was the one controlling the hidden leaf from behind the scenes for a long time. id hate to get shot in the back at a time when we are all trying to build solidarity. as to that, every hidden village should now be out searching for him. it seems some of the mizukages followers did come in contact with him once, but. what. were in the middle of a meeting. pardon me. there is an urgent report. come in. we have received a message from kakashi hatake of the hidden leaf. it seems kakashi hatake and two other ninja came upon sasuke uchiha and madara, and fighting ensued. it seems they were able to confirm the death of danzo shimura. danzo is dead.. what.. someone so skilled that he became the hokage. what about madara and sasuke. sir. it seems they used the transportation technique to disappear. its certain, the akatsuki is definitely strong. their capability of war waging is unknown. but the true strength of our allied shinobi forces, which is unparalleled in history, is also unknown. earth, water, fire, wind, and lightning. if we unite all the shinobis power, i believe we can counter them thoroughly. above all, we must win this battle or the world will end. begin stockpiling ninja tools and rations immediately. all official missions will be temporarily halted in preparation for battle. give me a list of all shinobi belonging to the village. at the same time, i want each platoon to begin preparing their tactical plans. no way. sasuke attacked the five kage summit.. i hear theyre about to announce it. seems there is utter confusion among the officials. so its true that sasuke is a member of the akatsuki, who crushed the hidden leaf. looks like this is gonna turn out to be a drag. these are orders from lady mizukage. confirm our supplies of ninja tools immediately. make a list of anything were short on. i dont know about this allied shinobi forces, but i wont join up with those guys from the stone. the akatsuki is a hateful group that brought the nightmare of the fourth mizukage upon this nation. the hidden stone have used the akatsuki again and again, until now. the higherups may order it, but theres no way ganryu would accept it. youre being very careful with them. they are the great masterpieces of a legendary puppeteer. i cannot allow myself to be bested by the generations of puppeteers before me. what about you. i just sent off messages to those ninja currently on far away missions. but to think it has come to killing a hokage. you mean sasuke uchiha. i knew it, but hes really fallen as low as you can get. but. naruto, you told me, "i am going to be the hokage. " i became the kazekage. if you are prepared to bear the burden of being a kage, then do what is right as sasuke's friend. he didnt seem to be convinced, did he. its because he never gives up. hes the one who changed the old gaara, the one we could never approach. no matter how lost in the darkness a person might be, he will hold out his hand. he will try to save him. thats how he is. gaara. but its sasuke himself whos seeking the darkness. this time, i dont think. it has to be narutos decision after that. what he will do as a friend. i will simply give my all to protect my friends. and the world. look. theres another black kite flying in. how many does that make. come on, konohamaru, forget about that. id rather know where naruto has gone. its a leaf hero newspaper, after all. i havent snagged the allimportant interview. yeah. when he and i had that pervy ninjutsu contest, he said he would come right back. wha.. what do you mean by pervy ninjutsu.. youre so lewd, konohamaru. lewd.. youre talking about my secret lethal move. konohamaru. they say naruto has come home. sakura. im back. i heard from my dad. about sasuke. yeah. and i fought with him. "fought". you mean with sasuke.. ill give you the details later. sorry, but would you mind getting everybody together. theres something i want to say. okay. naruto. we were waiting for you, you know. hey, you guys. i just need to get an interview from you and the leaf hero newspaper will be done. naruto, time for your interview. oh, thats right. but i have to make a report, so lets do it another time. what. you keep saying next time. but you promised. you always keep us waiting. you're so mean, naruto. so whens "next time".  yeah, weve been waiting for so long.  naruto. come on, when.  cmon.  naruto. hey. why dont you say something too, konohamaru. i wonder what happened. there seems to be something different about naruto. huh. what are you talking about, konohamaru. theres nothing different. he looks like his usual self. thats true, but. so when is "next time". whats that. theyre fast. its kakashi sensei and guy sensei. those two. could it be that again. no mistake about it. its their rivalry contest. guy sensei probably challenged him. of all the times to do this. no, thats exactly why hes doing this now. next time on naruto shippuden: "kakashi hatake, the hokage" what a splendid contest, guy sensei. tune in again. )