whwhat is this.. the enemy's jutsu.. aa slug.. it's katsuyu, summoned by lady tsunade. i'm sorry. forgive me. why are you here. you came to help us, katsuyu. lady tsunade has been concerned about the sealing jutsu's effectiveness against the tailed beast. she sent me to bring you the chakra for the sealing jutsu. that will be a big help. let me distribute it to you. please proceed. very well that tsunade. she sent katsuyu crap more. more power. yuukimaru. naruto. what is it. will i be forgiven. i mean. will he forgive me. when yuukimaru finds out that i'm the one who killed his mother. sheesh. are you still mulling over that. i'm prepared to protect yuukimaru. if i were you, i'd keep thinking of him. even if i'm despised, or rejected, or hated. whether hethinks that i'm the place to return to or not has nothing to do with it. i'd keep on thinking about him. yeah, you're right. i'll become the fool too just like you, naruto. what.. let's hurry. yuukimaru. i feel the power of the threetails beneath the water's surface iit's enormous i feel like the chakra will explode any minute. ththis much. without katsuyu's chakra, my power alone couldn't listen. if the threetails falls into the hands of orochimaru or the akatsuki it will be disastrous for the hidden leaf but the threetails is in our hands right now the only ones who can protect our comrades in hidden leaf village from this power is us.. right. right. katsuyucan you increase your chakra even further. yes i will try. we will take it to the other dimension all at once. rright. ththey're still trying to control the threetails. yuukimaru, arouse the spirit of the threetails. make it go wild. trample the hidden leaf. memory of guilt sai, did they attack you too. yeah they got yuukimaru. this is. no doubt about it. it's them. wait. whwhat are you doing.. it's time to get revenge. if we jump in now, there's a chance we'll hit each other with friendly fire. yeah, even akamaru's sense of smell will be useless. we must wait and see. oh man. this is so frustrating. it seems the enemy is using yuukimaru to control the threetails. at this rate, shizune's sealing team is in danger. it's a touchy situation countering all these clones is impossible. it's no good. i can't dodge them all.. it's about time binding smoke prison. to think that i would have the chance to personally bring down the fabled kakashi of the hidden leaf. it's worth surviving wha.. although not to your extent, i use shadow clones too. lightning blade. this is bad. they say, something and smoke like high places. smoke dragon. the wood style is useless against smoke, which changes form on its own. then, i must adapt my style water style. hand of waves. what. smoke is a vapor and by liquefying it with water it can't be controlled freely. not against me and my water style. your jutsu is meaningless now. take this. don't forget that i have a third arm. playtime is over. it's useless. spindle formation. whywhy.. your jutsu was quite formidable against my insects. howeverthe cause of your defeat lies in the fact that you fought with hinata of the hyuga clan. to explain hinata, i need to speak with you. shino, what's wrong. any little thing will do. can you tell me anything about that crystal style user. unfortunately, her jutsu is flawless. had i not covered my entire body with chakra just in time by now, i'd be speaking of chakra covering the entire body. shino, watch out for that slimy guy. he will be a formidable opponent against you. why is that. his jutsu is his entire body. that body suit is filled with chakra and he's able to change his form at will. i used my gentle fist against him and he just twisted his body away. he countered your gentle fist the problem was the body fluid that got onto my hand when i grazed it. the enemy's entire body is covered with mucous that looks like birdlime. i had prior data, so from the start i concentrated on scraping that troublesome mucous off your body. since we started.. yes. i focused my attacks on making that mucous membrane as thin as possible so that it would break easily. that is all. it's over. yes it took some time but kakashi sensei. you're all okay what about you guys. wellwe made it somehow. but what about naruto. we haven't found him yet. i'm sorry about yuukimaru now then, we'll head out to assist the sealing team. yes. right. and also, we will recover and protect yuukimaru. but first, we'll see how the sealing team is doing. they seem to be in a difficult battle this time, for sure this timethe threetails ino you don't need to rush it. just focus your mind on stabilizing your chakra. yyes no good it's not enough. damn it. it's not working. is that all there is to yuukimaru's power.. this isn't gonna work anymore. then i've got to use the last measure, although i didn't want to resort to it you're gonna die for lord orochimaru's sake. here. yuukimaru. are you all right. so you guys were alive after all snap out of it. what happened. hey yuukimaru. wake up. yuukimaru. you came backafter allguren. because i was thinking of you wherever someone is thinking of you, that's the place to return to yesthat's right. you were thinking of me, that's why i was able to come back. uhhuh when i was trapped in that other dimension inside the threetails, all i thought about was you that's why you have to return to me too, yuukimaru i'm so happy. i'm coming back to you, guren you're the only one i can return to. yeah right. that's the only place left for you since you can't go running back to your mama's bosom anymore. stop. just shut up. no, let me just say this listen.. yuukimaru. i said to shut up. it's all right, naruto but it's all right. you taught me guren so you're prepared. how noble. listen, yuukimaru. the one who stole the place you should return to the one who turned the white camellia red with your mother's red blood the one who killed your mother is that woman guren. guren is actually an evil demon. she hid the fact that she killed your mother, and got close to you to win your trust. just to use you. and she has continued to use you. yuukimaru. don't you hate her.. don't you want to kill her. no one will stop you as if i'd stop you. now take your anger out on the threetail. and order the threetails to destroy everything. why you. shut up. guren i'm sorryyuukimaru. what he says is true. please listen to me, yuukimaru. the guren of the past committed many terrible sins in order to serve orochimaru. but guren is different now. she regrets all the things in her past. she's filled with regret. and no matter what happens, she will protect you. no matter how much you may hate her, she will keep on thinking about you. she swore that to me. i fully realize that no matter how much i may regret it, no matter how many times i say i'm sorry nothing will ever erase what i did. if you wish me dead, kill me. i won't care. butbut if you can forgive me i will protect you forever. guren you're not going to hate me. you're a nice person guren you are the one i should return to, after all and i'm the one you should return to, guren. i promise you i will never leave your side. i will always think of you. uhhuh and i will always think of you, guren. for now, and forever and ever i love you. yeah, me too. the two of you never be parted again. what a farce you weaklings can lick each other's wounds but a bond like that will break easily. what.. kabuto. you. naruto if you get in the way, i'll kill you too. kabuto. you're behind all of this.. you won't get away with it. kabuto, just what are you guys aiming to do.. it's not only the hidden leaf and the akatsuki but all the hidden villages will soon engage in long, fierce clashes. what.. lord orochimaru has his eyes on that violent future that was the plan, but why you. that's all gibberish to me. guren.. go with yuukimaru. protect him no matter what.. i won't let you do that. you two will not be freed. next time: "shattered promise". hey you guys. no one has ever seen shino's real face, right. now that you mention it but haven't you seen his face, kiba. nope, i've never seen it either. not that i care. what about you, hinata. ii've never seen him. hmm if no one has seen his face, i'm even more curious. maybe he's pretty cool, like sasuke. what's so great about sasuke. maybe he's like kakashi sensei. then he looks pretty stupid. that's for sure hhow about eyes like lee. huh. bushy brow. sso thick then how about something different, a sexy type. ahem huh.. shino. shino shino it can't be helped if you all insist what're you doing here.. what're you doing here.. no, stop.. tune in again. )