stabilize how's it going. are you able to control the ninetails chakra okay, tenzo. there are no problems so far. i mean, please call me yamato, not tenzo. okay, okay. yes. it cut quite a bit. damn it. and mine still hasn't cut at all. i'm much better than you guys. you're me, i'm telling you. yes. damn it that me over there's pretty good i've got to do something say. say. i've got something i want to ask you, kakashi sensei what is it. is there anyone in the leaf who has the wind property. you going to ask about the trick to it. well, you could say there's a person right about now he's probably playing shogi check. oh. i lost again. our next endofmission party's on you, sensei. right hey. asuma sensei. oh, it's naruto. is there something you need. as it happens, there's something i want to ask you writhe the trick to the wind change in chakra nature, huh. right. don't tell me you're doing chakra change in chakra nature training. yeah. you've got to have a sense for that kind of thing can you handle it. that's why i came here to ask asuma sensei. you've got the same wind chakra property as me, right, sensei. i never thought you'd have the wind chakra property, naruto this is indeed a shock. asuma sensei, please teach me the trick to itright away. let me see i could think about it if you'd pay the barbeque bill for team asuma's next endofmission party oh. that's dirty. what do you think. if that's it just enough, huh. i'll lose everything i've got, though i have no choice. it's for my training. all right. it's a deal. this is my chakra blade this blade is made from a special metal that absorbs the owner's chakra property. that's awesome here, take it. try pouring your chakra into the blade. my chakrakind of comes out different than yours, asuma sensei. listen up. the wind change in chakra nature splits chakra in two and grinds them together. grinds them together. and then you build up the two chakra as if steadily honing them. as if steadily honing them the trick is steady and sharp. say um i was thinking what is it. even though we've got ninja tools to start with is there a point to this wind change in chakra nature. wouldn't it be quicker just to cut with something that cuts right from the start. and is there a point to pouring cutting chakra into a weapon that already cuts. okay. i'll show you whether or not there's a point to that listen up. we'll try throwing these chakra blades toward that tree at the same time. what for. don't worry about that. let's go. one, two. ththat's awesome. it went all the way through not just the tree but into that really hard rock and got lodged inside it's dangerous, so i held back just now. it would've gone right through the rock if i'd gone all out. the quality of the blade will determine the result in the case of ninja of the same level getting into a serious battle. the wind property has the most attack power in close to mediumrange battles. there really aren't that manywind types. oh, really. come on by if there's ever anything else you want to ask me but you'll have to pay for the barbeque. thanks. oh, it was a shadow clone. that naruto he forgot that we've got choji on our team. that's harsh can he really create something like a new jutsu before the akatsuki start moving into high gear. we'll see wouldn't it be best to keep naruto hidden somewhere before making contact with the akatsuki. that's up to the fifth hokage to decide i get it. so that's how to do it. all right. let's do it. let's do it. it appears he found out the trick to it from asuma. he's already doing a good job of applying the attributes of his shadow clones, that naruto naruto when a friend is putting extra effort into work or a hobby, you should casually bring them some refreshment. he's got more problems than extra effort we've received a report from someone in a village bordering the land of fire that they were attacked was it the akatsuki. the possibility is undeniable. but it seems there's suspicion it might be someone from the village hidden in the rain. why. why would a neighboring village. and if the worst were to happen, conflict could develop between fellow lands. perhaps they learned that the akatsuki are after naruto and took advantage of the opportunity they wouldn't be that shortsighted but either way, we must analyze the situation. summon asuma yes, ma'am but then, there will be even less jonin in the village. if the akatsuki were to come for naruto now, it will be a lot of trouble to protect him yes all right. we'll go ahead and have you accumulate experience. ruminate in your head on the training and break the jutsu. right. right. all right. let's go. i can manage this i'll be able to do it soon the drawback is that mental fatigue is accumulated along with the experience i knew that from the start buti'm almost there let's take a short break, naruto. this isn't the time to be taking it easy. i'm okay, kakashi sensei multi shadow clone jutsu. what. oh. hey just a minute. stabilize whoathat's incredible you're really working hard, naruto well, i guess with his stamina, he'll be fine. here you go who're they for. oh, nobody in particular see you later say "hi" to kurenai sensei for me. wha.. how did you know that.. oh, there he is sorry to bother you while you're on your way to kurenai sensei's place huh. you guys, too. how. huh. everybody knows shikamaru. ohright we received orders from the fifth hokage for everyone from team asuma including myself, choji and ino to assemble immediately. what. all members from the old team ten. yeah the four of you, asuma sarutobi, shikamaru nara, ino yamanaka and choji akimichi, are assigned the mission to investigate a town near the border that was attacked. yes, ma'am. yes, ma'am. this comes at a time when akatsuki developments are of great concern. tackle this mission with great care. what're we going to do about naruto. a drank mission like this should be perfect grave robbery, huh. yes. yes. i did it. am i awesome or what.. at this rate, i'll master a new jutsu just like that. noyou're making fast progress because of this training approach. it's thanks to my amazing idea it's also thanks quite a bit to me, kakashi senpai more importantly, i'm ready to get right to my next training. well. you can do it because it's you. naruto. yamato, let's take a short break while we're at it. understood will naruto be okay. he should be fine if he rests a bit man, this kid's really something else hm. what is it, sakura. lady tsunade wants to see you asuma sensei. all right, it looks like everyone's here hey, hey, sensei. what is it. come on don't you know, sensei. oh. it's the first time we've all gathered before you wearing these earrings choji, ino, you guys did well and now along with shikamaru who passed last time, all members of team ten are legitimate chunin. and now, i will no longer be in charge of you guys. from here on, each of you will become a captain and lead new teams. these earrings are my congratulatory gifts to each of you. don't forget that you were members of team ten. i see it's the first time team ten has appeared together in a while, huh. why do i have to go so far as to suspend my training to head out on a mission.. it's a mission, so we have no choice but it depends on the mission, doesn't it. why did that grandma tsunade give us some petty little mission like a grave robbery. yo, naruto what about your training. it was suspended for a mission ino, are you guys heading out now, too. that's right all of us for the first time in a while you're all together konohamaru. you've got a mission, brother naruto. you could say that what. looking for cats again. that's right this is already the seventh time i'm a veteran now. i see. you're hanging in there, huh.. well, i'm off to give my report see you later, konohamaru. good luck, uncle asuma. uncle asuma, huh. uncle. why. what do you mean why. he's konohamaru's uncle, that's why. what.. then, then asuma sensei is the third hokage's son i didn't know that. nneither did i no kidding. whwhat is it. i never thought you were the old man third hokage's son i have the same chakra property and it's likei feel more of a sense of affinity than before well, you'll be able to continue your training, no matter what mission you take part in. make sure you don't forget, okay. steadyand sharp. got it. all right, team yamato. let's head out on our mission. hey, wait up. nnaruto are you the team captain. yes. i hear kakashi senpai has a different mission, so i leave narutoto you. right. hey, captain yamato. what's keeping you.. excuse me. sorry. sorry. now, i guess we'll get going, too. he is learning at a phenomenal speed but he's still got a long way to go before he develops a new jutsu. i expected that. i'm sorry about this at such a time, but i want you to meet up with jiraiya and look into developments with the akatsuki. i'd like to be able to give naruto time to focus on his training, but naruto wants to get it done as quickly as possible, so he's pushing it quite a bit. at this rate, even with yamato around, there could be another explosion of power if he continues to train i don't think i'm making a mistake in this judgment. lookat the people's suffering. their tears. their anger. the land of fire has no need for neighbors words are not necessary for those who cannot understand one another the land of fire must rise now and be the tallest mountain that unifies the world. for this reason the decayed and rotten leaf must be gotten rid of we shallawaken the land of fire. i'll get this mission over with right away and get back to training. come on don't get careless thinking this is just a drank mission. i know. why does grandma tsunade have us chasing after grave robbers.. we have no choice. don't be complaining about it now. but well, speaking of grave robbers, they're just one kind of thief, so we can't say that for sure in this particular incident. it seems they're not after money as would normally be the case. what do you mean. i still don't know for sure, but it looks like there's some kind of ulterior motive. next time: "deprived of eternal rest" )