~thanks for watching on crunchyroll. com~ you finally came. what is the situation. i'd say there are about fifty of the enemy. compared to that, there are just four of us left alive. it'll all be over soon. we will all attack at once. everyone, please direct these kunai knives towards the enemy all at once. i will do the rest that's crazy. not even you could shut up and do as he says. we're about to see the yellow flash of the leaf in battle. it'll happen in a flash. don't miss it. it's healing well but don't overexert yourself or you'll open up the wound. when you and i were wounded, rin saved our lives with her medical ninjutsu. if she hadn't been there, we'd both be dead by now. right now, saving rin takes priority over the mission. kakashi, rules and regulations are indeed important. but that isn't everything. didn't i teach you. there are times when the situation requires impromptu responses against the enemy. i believe that the white fang was a true hero sure in the world of ninja, those who break the rules and regulations are regarded as scum but those who abandon their comrades are worse than scum. kakashi chronicles ~ a boy's life on the battlefield ~ part 2 i found them calm down i can do this. i'll take care of it. in the meantime, use your genjutsu and get the information from her. camouflage jutsu all right here i go. go where. kkakashi how come you're.. well, i can't leave this up to a crybaby ninja like you, can i. kakashi that silverwhite hair and white chakra blade. don't tell me you're the "white fang" of the leaf.. this is my father's keepsake. to carry out his mission, useful tools are essential to a ninja. something like emotions are useless. kakashiyou i see you're the white fang's kid then there's no need to be afraid of you. i thought so. the scent has been completely erased. we'll have to locate him by the slightest movement and noise he makes. whwhere is he. obito, behind you. kakashi. hey kakashi. are you all right.. even if he's just a kid, it doesn't hurt to be cautious i'll take it nice and slow. our enemy he's good he threw away the kunai knife stained with the smell of my blood. don't tell me you got dust in your eye again. a ninja shouldn't cry i'm not dead yet. stay focused. there's no way dust can get into your eyes when you have goggles on. if you're going to advocate selfcontrol, don't just mouth the words. act strong too. i'm just talk always being saved by others just a bigmouthed loser but i believe that the white fang was a true hero those who abandon their comrades are worse than scum. i don't want those words to be just empty talk. die. whwhy. there's no way you can see obito you. whwhat is that eye. this time i'll protect my comrade. obito that eye of yours yeah i guess this is the sharingan. i can now see the movement and flow of chakra. are you all right, kakashi.. yeah looks like i lost my left eye, but i have the kit rin gave me. i can use it for emergency firstaid. we're going to save rin immediately. you're surprisingly stubborn. hmm. they're all so pathetic. the flow of rin's chakra is disturbed it's different from your chakra or mine. she's probably under a genjutsu they didn't waste any time trying to get the information out of her. it seems they're not mere kids. we fought him earlier. he's fast stay alert. release. kakashi obito. we've come to save you, rin. you'll be all right now. all right, now let's get out of here. i see you two made a good team, but you're still just kids. right now, you're in enemy hands. earth style: rock breaker. this is bad.. run for the exit. kakashi. too bad, i lost a good source of information oh well, it can't be helped. are you all right. rin. kakashi. obito. don't it's okay, kakashi. i don't thinki can make it my right side is totally crushed. i can't even feel anything dammit.. no this can't be why. obito. dammit. dammit.. ifif only i had listened to you, and we had come to rescue rin in the first place this never would've happened. so what if i'm a captain.. so what if i made jonin.. oh yeah i had forgotten i was the only one who didn't give you a gift for becoming a jonin, kakashi. i waswondering what to give you and i just had a thought. don't worry it's not some useless, extra baggage i'm giving youmy sharingan. whatever the village may say you area great jonin. that's how i really feel so please accept it. rin use your medical ninjutsu take the entire eye and transplant my sharingan into kakashi's left eye. kakashi, come over here i'll start it right away. i'm about todie buti'll become your eye and see the futurefor you. how stubborn you're still alive, huh. butyou're just a kid, after all. what's a ninja crying for. come on, crybaby. let's settle this. that kid he seems different than before kakashitake care ofrin. yeah don't panicrin. kakashi take rin take rin andget outof here. enemy reinforcements will be coming. obito it's okay just go rin. earth style. earthquake slam. rin, hurry, take my hand. rin. obito.. just when kakashi and i were starting to get along i couldn't tell rin that i loved her i wishi could've spent more time with everyone. obito. damn it. obito this is the jutsu you helped me perfect. hmm you still have the will to fight, even in this situation. no wonder you were able to sneak so deep into enemy territory. you are a determined one. rin. i'll hold them off. get out now. but. i promised obito i'd look after you i'll protect you with my life. kakashi rin obito cared about you. he loved you you were everything to him. that's why he gave his life to protect you. then, kakashi. you should know my feelings for you i. i tried to abandon you i'm nothing but scum. rin, go. am idead. where am i. looks like you've regained consciousness. huh.. sensei. but how. the jutsu formula on this kunai knife serves as a marker when i leap using the transportation technique. thenthe enemy. i took them all down rin where is rin.. i'm sorry i couldn't make it in time, kakashi rin told me everything. the third great ninja war. with the sacrifice of many nameless ninja, this long war finally came to a close. in its wake, it also left legends the stories of great heroes, to be told and retold for generations to come. the battle of kannabi bridge that day, two heroes were born in the hidden leaf village, each with his own sharingan. one found his name engraved on the memorial stone. the other came to be known as "kakashi of the sharingan. " in time, the tales of his bravery spanned all borders, and beyond. capture itachi uchiha it won't be an easy mission. but it's something i can't avoid. to bring back sasuke, eh. i'm sure you're aware of this, but sasuke is now powerful enough to even kill orochimaru. i know that. but i never go back on my word. that's my ninja way. next time: "assemble" tune in again. )