iruka sensei did you hear the news. hear what. last night, there was a battle in the back hills. a battle. yes. apparently, there were foreign spies. the patrol unit defeated one of them and brought in her body. in that case, the students shouldn't go near the back hills today. yes. there may still be spies there. i hope nothing happens. the corpse the corpse where is it. i know this area well, since i always play here, but maybe i should have asked the guys for a more exact location. naruto. sensei. what are you doing.. get back to the academy, now. i don't want to. i won't go to the academy anymore. there are still dangerous people here. i won't go back even if you beg me to. do as i say. i'm your homeroom teacher. shut up. why do you only act like a teacher at times like this. you don't understand my feelings. even if i go back to the academy, things won't be any different. i'm always alone. i'm always left out. nobody cares about me. but this time, it'll be different. if i bring back some items, everyone will accept me as their friend. if i do that, i won't be alone anymore. i won't have to experience that feeling ever again. that's why i'm going to find and bring back an item. please try to understand no matter what your reasons may be, as your teacher, i cannot allow you to go to such a dangerous area. you really don't understand my feelings. killer attack. sexy jutsu. wwait. honestly, grownups are so easy to trick. this is the aftermath of a battle. that means it should be nearby. can't find anything. come to think of it, i haven't eaten anything today. i should get something to eat. i found lunch. ooh. i've never seen one shaped like this before. the enemy ninja must have used this kunai during battle yesterday. i found an item to bring back. that kunai the secret documents we've been looking for. i see she placed it in that nest before she was defeated. all right. don't let him get away. where did he go. well, he certainly is a handful. just treat naruto appropriately. just do what works. don't botherwith this kid. naruto's right. i didn't try to understand him at all. after the death of my parents, there was no one left to praise or accept me. i did a lot of stupid things in class. i wanted to get people's attention. he's the same as i was back then. what did i really lose that day. ano hi honto ni ushinatta monotte nan dattakke for the life of me, i can't remember. tou ni wasureteshimatta yo we slowly lost sight of each other in the twilight yuugure de futari sukoshizutsu mienakunatteitte and yet we're stuck here unable to go home. sore nanoni bokura kaerezu ni ita weak, frail souls lost in the world dokoka ni kowaresou na moroi kokoro we act strong to hide their fragility. tsuyogaru kotoba de ootte kakushiteru hide their fragility ootte kakushiteru so farewell, but even forced apart sayonara aenakunattatte our stories go on. bokura wa tsuzuki ga aru kara even in a world without you, i run. kimi no inai sekai datte hashiru yo to someday get past the pain. itsuka no itami mo koete koete someday leaf's history iruka's decision hey, shikamaru, could you lend me money. not again you're not spending all your allowance on snacks, are you. huh. i never thought of using it on anything other than snacks. jeez. oh well. i'll lend you some. say, you two isn't class in session. who are you. i can't talk to strangers. my dad will get mad at me. i see, shikamaru nara and choji akimichi. how do you know our names. you're the sons of shikaku and chouza, right. you look very much like them. perhaps i should tell them that you skipped class. tell them. but we have a free period, right, shikamaru. a free period. naruto went to look for a corpse in the back hills, so iruka sensei went after him. iruka sensei went after naruto. is that true. yeah. there's no mistake. listen, having a free period doesn't mean you don't have school. go back to the academy right now. okay now i'll be able to make friends. hey, kid. what. who are all of you. hand over that kunai, nice and easy. nno way. i can't hand this over. i see. it looks like we have to take it by force. huh.. what. wwait a second. naruto. sexy jutsu. unfortunately, that technique won't work on us. huh. no way. they're all women.. that's not fair. in that case clone jutsu. even if he is a kid, this is the first time i've seen such a poorly made clone. don't let him get away. don't show him any mercy. if my ninjutsu won't work don't let him get away. what.. i know all the hunting traps in this forest. hurry. here they come. curses. how could we fall for such a simple trap. that brat. umm where was the other one. naruto. sensei. i'm over here. hey. are you all right. pull yourself together. are you hurt.. you've regained consciousness. sensei come on, we're going back to the academy. those guys. what are you outsiders doing sneaking around the leaf village. who are you. leave that kid with us, and don't put up a fight. i'm in charge of this child. i can't do that. what, you're a teacher. it must be tough having such a bad student. because of that, you're going to die. it's the bad ones that you get attached to. besides, you won't be able to defeat me so easily. naruto. hang in there. quickly. surround them. die. i will protect naruto, no matter what it takes. don't let him get away. scatter. multi phantom shuriken jutsu. i can't dodge all of them. what.. what.. are both of you all right. kakashi. why are you here. your students told me what happened. i was a little concerned. damn it he's got backup. it doesn't matter. we just need to get rid of them all. fire style: synergy jutsu. go, iruka. karura. karura. one down. what.. lightning blade. thank you very much. i don't know what would have happened if you hadn't shown up. you would have protected naruto even if i hadn't come. i think i understand what you were talking about. i didn't try to be upfront with him. i was probably trying to turn my back on him. but i think i can finally face him now. i see. that's good. this is the leaf village's patrol network. so this is what they were looking into. good work. i'll tell the patrol unit to reexamine their village patrol activities right away. please do. even if it was a coincidence, it looks like naruto's recklessness saved the village. you may leave. yes, sir. what's wrong. lord hokage umm thank you for placing me in charge of naruto. because of that, i remembered why i wanted to become a teacher. lord hokage it was because of something you said to me long ago. it's already been a year, huh. smiling while hiding your sadness isn't easy, is it. i heard from your teacher that you're the center of laughter. i'm not sad. it's an honor for a ninja to die on a mission. mom and dad sacrificed their lives to protect the village from that demon fox. they're heroes. i'm the son of heroes. i'm not sad that i'm alone. these are tears of happiness. that's enough. i know that you crawl into a ball when you're by yourself. but you are not alone. the ninja of the hidden leaf carry the will of fire in them. will of fire. it's the strong will to protect this village. as long as you have the will of fire in you, everyone in the village is your family. iruka do you have that. yes. i wish to pass on your will of fire to the children of the future, to naruto. sensei. how could you lose the item that i found.. you idiot. huh. you almost lost your life today. that's true, but hm. you're awfully quiet today. that's because this is the first time you've yelled at me. i'm surprised. oh i see. that's right. i decided that i would be upfront with you. starting tomorrow, i'm going to be strict with you. what.. that makes me want to go to the academy even less. naruto do you have the will of fire in you. will of fire. what's that. it's the strong will to protect this village. if you have it, you can become as strong as lord hokage. the hokage. is the hokage that strong. yeah. he's not just strong, either. everyone in the village respects lord hokage. he is our leader. the fourth hokage was a hero who protected the village from the demon fox. a hero. all right, i've made up my mind. i'm going to become a hokage who's stronger than the fourth hokage. i'm going to make everyone acknowledge my strength. you might become the hokage by the time you become this tall. yeah. i'm going to work really hard to become the hokage. naruto you really might become the hokage. iruka sensei, please help us out with this. okay. i'm coming right away. where's suigetsu. suigetsu. who knows. he went out two or three days ago and hasn't come back. i don't mind if he never comes back. i can hear you. the executioner's blade you still have that. you left it behind. it was a pain to go back and retrieve it. why should i carry your things while fighting the eighttails.. i carried the two of you out of there when you were dying. so quit fighting. that's so patronizing. fine. whatever the case, i got it back. i don't feel right without this. we're all here. i want all of you to prepare to leave. huh. are your wounds all right. yeah. we're going to the leaf village. and that's the whole story. i never expected pain to be defeated. this is unexpected. konan isn't coming back here anymore. what should we do. we have so many vacant positions. we need another pawn who can synchronize with the gedo statue. kisame you go look for the eighttails. what about you. i have slightly different business to attend to. this is i wasn't expecting this. you're late. did naruto do it. no, it was pain's doing. pain.. but naruto handled it. he defeated pain. naruto did that.. what about the ninetails. he was able to control it on his own. i see what. naruto controlled the ninetails on his own.. there's no time to be surprised. rebuilding the village is going to be hard work. yamato, we're going to need your help. okay. what is it. an emergency council has been called. as jonin squad leader, your presence is also required at the feudal lord's palace, lord shikaku. already. all right. when the fireworks suddenly explode in the air fui ni agatta hanabi wo futari de miageta toki i couldn't keep my eyes off from your face muchuu de miteru kimi no kao wo sotto nusumimita no i gazed at you quietly it'd be so much easier if i was able to hate you kimi no koto kirai ni naretara ii noni because i always remember you, in situations like this kyou mitai na hi ni wa kitto i can't help but think about the times we spent together. mata omoidashiteshimau yo i'm ready to forget you mou wasureyou kimi no koto zenbu it just tears at my heart too much. konna ni mo kanashikute i wonder why did we meet each other. doushite deatteshimattan darou when i close my eyes me wo tojireba it's like you are here. ima mo kimi ga soko ni iru you de so this is naruto's room he's a fool, but it would be best if you looked after him. sure sasuke uchiha is also in your group. i'm not nave enough to go easy on them because of personal feelings. i know. i wish you the best of luck. next time on naruto shippuden: "kakashi hatake, the jonin in charge" this looks like it's going to be troublesome. tune in again. )