regarding the akatsuki, we intend to continue pursing them with assistance from our allied nations. with everything that's happened to your village, we of the land of fire shall also provide full support in rebuilding the village. first, we need to put together a budget. then, we need to ease tensions between other nations. more importantly there's something we must attend to first. the selection of a new hokage. i knew it would come to this. don't you think we should just wait until tsunade recovers. lord tsunade remains in a comatose state. the village is in ruins, and we don't know when tsunade will awaken. we're having a difficult time deciding what line of action to take. plus, she is responsible for bringing about the destruction of the leaf village. i always thought that jiraiya would be next. i liked him, but he's no longer here. so, who else is there. in that case, i i recommend kakashi hatake. the son of the white fang, huh. yes. why not. what do the rest of you think. indeed he's renowned, powerful, and virtuous. but perhaps a bit too young. i believe minato, the fourth hokage, was younger. who was kakashi hatake's master. the fourth hokage. disciple is that so. if i'm not mistaken disciple jiraiya was the fourth hokage's master and disciple the third hokage was jiraiya's master. there seems to be no problem at all, is there. all right. well then the third hokage's teachings are practically what annihilated the village. akatsuki's leader, the one who destroyed the village, was once jiraiya's student. this is what happens when one sympathizes with foreigners and teaches them ninjutsu. they're nave. all of them. that navet throughout the ages allowed our ally, the sand village, to betray us and allowed orochimaru to lead a campaign to destroy the hidden leaf. it allowed the rise of the akatsuki and allowed sasuke, a survivor of the uchiha, to go rogue and work underground. what sort of hokage do we need now.. someone who can handle the aftermath of this terrible situation, and change the ninja world by enforcing ninja laws. i will become a hokage like no other. lord why don't we allow danzo to handle this for the time being. a rigid and onesided way of doing things is notyes, i've made up my mind. danzo i appoint you as sixth hokage. she used lady katsuyu's jutsu to protect everyone. she's been unconscious ever since. we honestly don't know when she'll regain consciousness. granny hey, sakura. whoa. let me go draw water for you. then let's go together. sakura don't get the wrong idea. if i left it up to you, who knows where you'd draw water. you can trust me a little more than that. naruto who would have imagined. we're going to be late, you two. i'll get you for this. team 7 genin will be sakura haruno, sasuke uchiha, and naruto uzumaki. sasuke and naruto those two on the same team.. i will be placing kakashi hatake in charge of this team. kakashi. it's said that kakashi has never passed any genin he has been placed in charge of. is the third hokage trying to crush naruto. and sasuke on top of that. couldn't be got that, kakashi. sure. team 8 hinata hyuga, kiba inuzuka, shino aburame. kurenai yuhi will be in charge of these three. yes, sir. kurenai, this is your first time in charge of genin, isn't it. the jonin in charge will decide their future. yes. i will be careful with them. the genin of squad 10 ino yamanaka, shikamaru nara, and choji akimichi. i'm placing asuma sarutobi in charge of them. understood. what do you think. this should be difficult for even you to handle. i'm not so sure about that. now then i think i should start attacking again. it's tough for soldiers like us to do anything when our generals are running about. hey. ttime out. there are no time outs on real missions. i'm a pawn. you're the equivalent of a silver general in japanese chess. i'm only able to perform my duty under your protection. what are you saying. if you're a pawn, i'm just a sacrificial piece. no. pawns are able to do their work because you're there for us. you got me there. speaking of which, did you find an answer. an answer. oh, you mean to that riddle. at first, i thought it was the feudal lord or the hokage. but now, i get the feeling that's not everything. take care of my kid. what did i really lose that day. ano hi honto ni ushinatta monotte nan dattakke for the life of me, i can't remember. tou ni wasureteshimatta yo we slowly lost sight of each other in the twilight yuugure de futari sukoshizutsu mienakunatteitte and yet we're stuck here unable to go home. sore nanoni bokura kaerezu ni ita weak, frail souls lost in the world dokoka ni kowaresou na moroi kokoro we act strong to hide their fragility. tsuyogaru kotoba de ootte kakushiteru hide their fragility ootte kakushiteru so farewell, but even forced apart sayonara aenakunattatte our stories go on. bokura wa tsuzuki ga aru kara even in a world without you, i run. kimi no inai sekai datte hashiru yo to someday get past the pain. itsuka no itami mo koete koete someday leaf's history kakashi hatake, the jonin in charge so this is naruto's room. that's right. this milk is far past its expiration date. he's a fool, but it would be best if you looked after him. you have good instincts. sure. sasuke uchiha is also on your team. kakashi you were a student of the fourth hokage and you possess the sharingan. who would have thought that you would end up looking after these two. i'm not so nave that i'd go easy on them because of personal feelings. i know. i wish you the best of luck. understood. this looks like it's going to be troublesome. ninja way sakura looks completely infatuated with him. what's so great about him. i just don't get it. naruto, you bastard. don't glare at sasuke. out of the way. get him, sasuke. that's right. what. no way. oh. sorry. ninja way we've been waiting for you. it should not have taken you this long to designate team leaders. i was showing naruto's apartment to kakashi. about that naruto uzumaki and sasuke uchiha are on the same team.. furthermore, i hear that you've placed kakashi hatake in charge of them. yes. i think he's right for the job. it doesn't matter if he's right for the job. what do you plan to do if naruto is on a mission and that thing inside of him goes wild. that's not all. there is the danger that he might be the target of outsiders as well. shouldn't we confine naruto within the village. furthermore, you teamed naruto up with sasuke. are you plotting to give the uchiha control over the ninetails. good idea, hiruzen. next is team 7. sakura haruno. naruto uzumaki. all right. and sasuke uchiha. cha. iruka sensei. i'm totally brilliant. so why am i on the same team as him.. sasuke graduated with the best scores of all 27 graduates. naruto, you were the worst. this is just the result of our effort to balance the teams. try not to get in the way, loser. what was that.. jeez, naruto. cut it out. ouch. ow ow ow. ouch, stop sakura. stop. it's true that in the world of ninja, those who break the rules and regulations are regarded as scum. but those who abandon their comradesare worse than scum. before we part i'll tell you one more thing. for a ninja, the most important thing is teamwork. so that one was naruto. sakura, there's something i want to ask you. oh. well what do you think of naruto. naruto. he's always interfering with my love life. he enjoys making me suffer. naruto doesn't understand anything about me. he's just annoying. i justwant you to accept me. i'm desperate. i'd do anything for you to accept me. that's because i love you, sasuke. ssakura i sasuke. ii'll be right back. that look on his face i'll bet he drank it. i won't be able to make it. that was close. oh. honestly. you're so shy, sasuke. are you ready now. i'm all ready. it's almost time. where is naruto. oh there you go again, changing the subject like that. never mind naruto. he's always picking fights with you. it's probably because he's never been raised properly. he doesn't have any parents, you know. that's why he always gets to do whatever he wants. if i tried to do that, my parents would get mad at me. it's so nice to be alone. you don't have parents to pester you. that's why he gets to be as selfish as he is. loneliness it's far worse than feeling sad because your parents scolded you. whwhat's wrong. what's this about. you're annoying. hey. why are you here.. we ninja have something called an escape jutsu. remember that, loser. whyyou sakura. sasuke's words seem to have hurt her pretty badly. i wonder if this is what naruto felt like. sakura's really depressed. sasuke. naruto he doesn't understand at all. hey, sasuke. you said something mean to sakura, didn't you.. not really. liar. if you didn't, there's no way that she'd get that depressed. i hate to admit it, but sakura's desperate to be accepted by you. like i'd care. whwhat.. bastard. oh, my there they go. what are you doing. i'm going to hit you for sakura's sake. shadow clone jutsu. what's wrong. aren't you going to come at me. what.. shoot. let go. all right. you fell for it. take this. you've got the wrong one. hey, don't you think that was a little too much. i got hasty. wait a minute, how did you get there.. hey. get back here. you're annoying too. damn it i've got to do something about sasuke's quick movements. in that case, i'll use my trump card. that sign another shadow clone jutsu. sexy jutsu. sasuke. sasuke is so shocked he's speechless. i've got you. that hurts. ow ow owow. hey, sasuke. we're not finished yet. naruto. huh. sakura we're meeting in the classroom. oh wait up. they're amusing, but they lack teamwork. i don't think they can pass my test. we're going to be late, you two. i'll get you for this. sasuke looks like it'll be my job to stop you. when the fireworks suddenly explode in the air fui ni agatta hanabi wo futari de miageta toki i couldn't keep my eyes off from your face muchuu de miteru kimi no kao wo sotto nusumimita no i gazed at you quietly it'd be so much easier if i was able to hate you kimi no koto kirai ni naretara ii noni because i always remember you, in situations like this kyou mitai na hi ni wa kitto i can't help but think about the times we spent together. mata omoidashiteshimau yo i'm ready to forget you mou wasureyou kimi no koto zenbu it just tears at my heart too much. konna ni mo kanashikute i wonder why did we meet each other. doushite deatteshimattan darou when i close my eyes me wo tojireba it's like you are here. ima mo kimi ga soko ni iru you de that's odd how far did inari go. thanks to you, i'm also caught in this mess. shut up. will you quit complaining and help me look.. that's why i'm here with you. be grateful, you loser. what.. damn you, sasuke. hold on what is this.. next time on naruto shippuden: "inari's courage put to the test" inari. tune in again. )