~brought to you by crunchyroll. com~. and. yes, there should be no problem with yuukimaru's strength. all that remains is to modify the drug. when will that be completed. it won't take very long. then order guren and yuukimaru to set out ahead. i know i've asked before, but are you sure about that woman. we have no choice. this is something only guren can do. this strategy will bear fruit once guren and yuukimaru's powers become one. how long are you going to make me wait. no more waiting. lord orochimaru has given his order. really.. so nave. yuukimaru. are we returning somewhere. will that be my home. who is this kid. you're taking him. this boy. you expect me to babysit. already complaining. were you lying about being loyal to lord orochimaru. although, with that attitude, no child will take to you. don't act smug just because you're lord orochimaru's aide. i can kill you anytime. i see. she's able to instantly crystallize anything that's nearby. although she looks unarmed, everything around her is a weapon. so that is the crystal style. no wonder she caught lord orochimaru's eye. if i die, your reincarnation won't go well. you want to become one with lord orochimaru, don't you. so pretty. what're you saying. isn't it going to rain more. humph, what a weird kid. you make a nice pair. whoa. i'll catch up right away. so go on ahead with yuukimaru. all right. but if he gets wise with me, i'll let 'im have it. be careful. someone's approaching from over that way. what.. how would you know that. i didn't tell you, did i. on the way to your hideout, i took care of an anbu black ops from the hidden leaf village who was checking out the area the leaf village is sure to be on the move. you don't want to get involved with them. make sure you give them the slip. i'll be the judge of that. remember, if you fail in this mission with yuukimaru, all discussion of your reincarnation ends. a night of rain the hidden leaf those guys. they'd better not betray me and run to the hidden leaf. am i going home. i hope i can return home but is there a place i can return to. a place where someone thinks of you, that's where home is. i'm sure there is. look over here. these are dog tracks. a dog that was a bad move. they've become so weak, i can't feel their response. all right. it's got eggs. if i can make them hatch i don't get it. why can't the son of the chief toad use water style.. the chief toad. liquid bullets. he uses water style amazingly. well, if i can't do it, i can't do it. so quit harping about that. what.. don't say, "what". oh come on, brother naruto. you'll just have to make do with mr. gamatatsu's way of training. boy, now there's a kid who understands. i don't have that kind of time. well, if you're not interested, then i'll quit training you. ask mr. gamariki to help you. oh no. got it i'll train with gamatatsu, after all. okay. as long as you understand. so how do you start water style jutsu. well, frankly, i'm not sure i see. it's water style, so we should start by drinking water. i see oh. yes, i see. is it true the enemy is prowling around. i'm sure of it. they're hiding in this mountain. just who are they. i don't know. but if they're searching for orochimaru's hideout either the akatsuki or the hidden leaf. what'll we do. should we attack. without guren, there's no guarantee that we can pull it off. i was wrong about what. i figured this was your chance to make a run for it. a run for it. your chance to run over to the hidden leaf's side with information about orochimaru as a gift. i see. well, i never gave it a thought i get it. you wanna turn yourself in to the hidden leaf. not at all. then what's your reason for sticking with guren. it's personal. hmm. cripes if i were alone, i would have already reached my destination. i don't want to go there anymore. i get headaches no, i want to go back. but i don't have a place to return to. ohbut that person said if someone is thinking about me that's the place to go home to. but how do i go about getting someone to think about me. can't you quit babbling and start walking faster. cripes. just what's with this kid. a red camellia or a white one. which do you prefer. a camellia camellia. that oh. yes, this is a camellia, all right. do you like camellias. camellias i don't like camellias. this is just coincidence. hey. what's the matter.. damn. damn. there's no way we can go back to the hideout in this rain. iit's cold. what. you're cold. a fever. you summoned me. yamato, i want you to go and assist team kakashi. kakashi senpai. i heard it was just a scouting mission. has something happened. the problem is that they had a runin with the enemy. this foe uses a jutsu we've never seen before. a jutsu we've never seen before. we don't understand everything about it yet. i'm having the sample kakashi sent analyzed right away. who shall i take. sai who can search from the sky, and sakura in case anyone is injured. but sakura has gone on an errand for me. she's to return at dawn. set out as soon as sakura comes back. understood. but if this involves orochimaru, won't naruto want to go too. now listen. naruto is not to find about about this. how did it go. find anything. no, nothing i came up with nothing too. especially when it rains, these conditions make it impossible to catch any scents. sono progress at all. huh.. even the bats are inside huh. bats.. i'll go out and search once more. no wait. don't move. what's the matter, kiba. well, i've been thinking about it this whole time about that mysterious dog whistle. the mysterious dog whistle. yeah there's an animal that uses ultrasonic waves with the same frequency as a dog whistle these guys here. i see. you're saying the enemy is manipulating a bat. but which bat. well, i don't know that. the more we move in the shadows, the greater the chance of our being detected. in fact, they may already have spotted us. once the crystal sample we sent to the village is analyzed, we'll know what steps can be taken next. right now, we have to place our hopes on shino's insects. i have to deliver good news to lord orochimaru. i can't have you die right now. you got that. don't die. she's late. when's she coming back. yeah, she should have returned by now. i should've brought rinji and gozu. be careful. someone's approaching from over that way. i can't waste time in a place like this are you all right. so warm. damn. what are you doing. guren are you feeling better. i can't have you disappearing like that. lord orochimaru entrusted you to me. what's that. my mom by the way, where'syour family. my motherdidn't return soi don't have anywhere to go. camellias you like them, right. this camellia will never wither. as long as i'm alive. let's go. is this the newly hatched insect you were talking about. with this insect, we can go up against that crystal style jutsu, right. there's a good chance it has a high resistance level, however there's not enough to use in actual combat damn. and i thought we had counter measures to fight them no, it's too early to give up. huh. you have a plan. yes, give me some time. next time: "the two charms" good boy, akamaru. gee akamaru, you sure have grown think so. you haven't noticed how big he's gotten. not at all. hmm, well i guess now that you mention it how does it feel. got any place that itches, akamaru. i guess, he started to need more shampoo. and well. feels good, huh, akamaru. when i brushed him, more fur was left on the brush and all right, come along, akamaru. we're going for a walk. once when i put akamaru on my head, i suddenly lost consciousness. but that was pretty minor. are you kidding.. i mean, he's still white and fluffy and his nose is black. right. so how am i supposed to notice, right. akamaru. oh well whatever ~thanks for watching on crunchyroll. com~ )