the legacy granny chiyo what are you trying to do. medical ninjutsu. no we did what we had to do. now, if we don't hurry back to the village hidden in the sand and give you an antidote more important than that, there issomething that i stillmust do. this is what granny chiyo was talking about is that. yeah hey, what are you doing.. granny chiyo in exchange for her own life sakura she's going to bring gaara back to life. bring him back to life is such a thing really possible. this jutsu is a special jutsu that only granny chiyo possesses really.. there's no way that such an extraordinary jutsu could exist that chakra flow it is accompanied by a considerable risk damn. i don't have enough chakra damn you can use my chakra. would that be possible. granny gaara is a jinchuriki, just like he is. more than anyone in the hidden sand village, naruto knows how gaara feels. after all, the jinchuriki has been treated the same way in every village that's exactly why he feels like he has to save gaara. it doesn't make any difference to him if he's from the leaf or the sand. place your hand on top of mine. naruto naruto's dream is to become the hokage he was frustrated when he heard that gaara had become the kazekage. but at the same time, he was also very happy for gaara from the bottom of his heart. naruto has a mysterious power however small the words he exchanges, he makes friends immediately with everyone he meets amidst this shinobi world created by us foolish old people i am glad that a person like you showed up the things i did in the past were nothing but mistakes butin my last hour, it seems i shall finally be able to do the right thing. the village hidden in the sand and the village hidden in the leaves. the future is likely to be different from the way things were in our time your mysterious power that kakashi spoke of that power is likely to alter the future greatly when you become a hokage like none before and you, sakura. next time, help the person you cherish most not an old lady with one foot in the grave you are very much like me there are not many women who have a man's courage you will probably become a kunoichi who surpasses her master naruto, this old lady has a favor to ask you you are the one and only person who is capable of knowing the extent of gaara's pain and gaara knows your pain, too pleasehelp gaara gaara. gaara. who are youcalling. whose is it. this hand oh it's just my hand again my hand me. who am i. i i am gaara naruto this is everyone came running to help you. are you all right.. yes. hurrah. thank heavens that's great. putting us to all this trouble. good grief. you're such a bothersome little brother, making us worry like that. what's with you guys acting arrogant like that.. gaara is the kazekage, you know. don't be so disrespectful. you're nothing but subordinates. gaara how do you feel. you shouldn't try to get up so quickly. your body hasn't completely healed. thank heavens. i thought lord kazekage might really die there's no way that lord gaara would kick the bucket that easily. gaara is reserved, cool, strong, handsome, an elite, and yes, yes, but he's still kind of cute somehow and yet, he is the kazekage this time, i'll show them for sure that i can protect lord gaara in a crisis. no, i will. i will. lord gaara. out of the way, underling. come to think of it, i am still a genin. don't feel so depressed. it's a well known fact that women have a weakness for the cool, elite type. i think shikamaru was saying something like that too he has known the same suffering i have and he has taught me that it is possible to change one's path in life i, too, want to become the kind of man that everyone looks up to thank you naruto. if you're going to say that, you should say it to the old lady, not me she saved gaara with an incredible medical ninjutsu she got tired out, so she's sleeping now, but when the old lady gets back to the village, she'll get well again no, you're wrong granny chiyo used that jutsu what do you mean i'm wrong. i she wasn't just using medical ninjutsu she used the reanimation ninjutsu. granny chiyo is dead. reanimation ninjutsu. whwhat do you mean by that. it's a ninjutsu that allows you to bring a dead person back to life in exchange for your own as i thought guy sensei at one time, in the sand puppet unit, they were doing research to develop a jutsu that could bring puppets to life. granny chiyo headed up the project they succeeded in developing the jutsu in theory, but midway, they decided that the risks were too great. before it reached the stage of human experiments, it was designated as a forbidden jutsu and it was sealed. amidst this shinobi world created by us foolish old people i am glad that a person like you showed up the things i did in the past were nothing but mistakes but in my last hour, it seems i shall finally be able to do the right thing the village hidden in the sand and the village hidden in the leaves the future to come is likely to be different from the way things were in our time your mysterious power that kakashi spoke of that power is likely to alter the future greatly when you become a hokage like none before i was only pretending to be dead. just like that. she looks as if she could start laughing at any minute. her face looks sopeaceful yes naruto, you are a mysterious one, after all. you have the power to change people. granny chiyo always used to say she didn't care about the village's future she was not the kind of person to do such a thing for gaara. granny chiyo entrusted the future to gaara and you hers was a magnificent end, befitting of a shinobi. yeahjust like gramps, the third. you're right yeah. now, i can clearly understand the old lady's wish. lord gaara. everyone, let us pray for granny chiyo granny chiyo the sand herald reports one death in the line of duty: granny chiyo of the village hidden in the sand. lord kazekage has safely returned to active duty. guy's unit and kakashi's unit both completed their missions without incident. they are scheduled to return to the leaf village in three days' time. is that so. all seems to have gone smoothly somehow. but i wonder if things are fine the way they are what do you mean. lady tsunade, if i may be allowed to speak. next time: "return of the kazekage" )