still nothing could it have failed. no, there definitely was an impact. but nothing's happening hinata, can you see anything. nno not even with my byakugan narutonaruto won't come back. did it reach naruto. furthermore, it seems to have awakened the threetails. shizune. sealing team. standby for the threetails. right. sai. take yuukimaru to a safe place. right. let's go. no. i'm staying here until guren returns. i'm sure she's all right. huh. we're all thinking of naruto, that's why he'll return here. if you think of her, guren will return too. no doubt about it. now then okay. go. we will begin the fourcorner sealing jutsu. fourcorner sealing barrier bind. the challenge starts now until the sealing team has the threetails, it's up to us to suppress it. now then, we'll see just how well my wood style works against the threetails. all we can do is try counterattack of the curse mark we'll wait here. all right. okay. drink it will ease your fatigue. you can tell what i'm thinking everyone tells me that i can't read their moods. i doubt that. really dark smoke sphere stay hidden, okay. okay. water shield shot. hideandseek, eh. i've come for you, laddie. i've been able to determine yuukimaru's potential and the limit of his power. however, the hidden leaf are trying to seal the threetails once again if by any chance, they are successful in sealing the threetails when sasuke achieves the skills he needs the time for my reanimation will be near. when that happens, both the akatsuki and leaf village will be a hindrance. our current operation is preparation for when that happens. we won't have to worry about the akatsuki using the power of the three tails, but it will force a big change in lord orochimaru's future strategy. we must avoid that if i use this, we may lose yuukimaru however, rather than lose the threetails never mindif i lose yuukimaru. i'll use yuukimaru's remaining power to make the threetails go wild, and destroy the leaf ninja. where's kabuto. huh, i heard everything. so foureyes isn't here. so there's no one to give us orders we're not the same as before. there's no need to hang around you anymore well, it looks that way you guys are so easygoing. what. you guys are just castoffs pawns who are no longer useful. and you don't even know that i've got you in a vital spot. say that again. you're not one of us anymore. want to settle it now. settle. what.. what's so funny.. it's about time. what.. my body feels strange i can't stop shaking hey, what's happening.. fools. you should know that there's a risk to attaining power. i heard your power has some side effects. side effects.. yeah and left alone, it will eat you up from the inside out. nno i don't want that to happen. nno way i don't want to die. unless you get the drug from kabuto before the time limit, you'll destroy yourselves with your own power. kabuto entrusted the drug to me. if you say you won't betray lord orochimaru, i just may give it to you. all right. i swear my loyalty. hhurrygive me the drug. know this. no matter how hard you try, you will never be able to escape lord orochimaru's grasp. kabuto said this we've stopped the threetails' movements. and he wants to see that power once more. no. when i take that medicine, my head feels like it's going to burst shut up. you will not refuse. guren hasn't returned yet. and maybe, she'll never return. do you want that.. no no. then stop being fussy and do as i say. ookay one more time. just one more time yeah this is the last time. here it comes is that from sai. it seems guren's fellow ninja have powered up and attacked sai. huh.. any word from kiba and the rest. no, not yet. no way akamaru, you saved me if we hadn't hidden underground due to your quick thinking lee tenten. they couldn't have. thank you, akamaru i'm okay. you're all okay. not at all. if i didn't summon a protection wall from my scroll, we'd have been goners lee was no help, rushing in like that ii'm mortified after guy sensei often warned me that pride is a ninja's enemy i didn't expect it that they'd be so strong. no that transformation isn't normal. we must notify everyone. yes this fog we're already in their trap protect the sealing team. right. dark smoke sphere. water shield shot. yamato. right. wood style: giant forest. why you. getting in the way. wood style: giant forest jutsu. parasitic insect. what. hey, stop. nooo. what's wrong, akamaru.. everyone, stop. something's strange here. the enemy.. no this is it doesn't look like the enemy at all tenten. you can tell what akamaru is feeling.. sai. this is the threetails' fog the sealing isn't complete yet. it's coming. it's coming. gather your chakra. yes. right. cha. here it comes. swallow it, yuukimaru. swallow all of it. you want guren to return, don't you. okay, i'll do it. because the place i'll return to is where guren is i made it back feeling pain means i'm still alive. naruto wake up. naruto. yuukimaru you're okay. this is no time to babble in your sleep. we made it back. yeah yuukimaru where's yuukimaru.. multismoke clone. no stop. it tickles what.. oh dear your cute little bugs are shapeless now. well, now for the main show. here i come. this is interesting i'm taking this. arise smoke dragon. like sai reported they're totally different from before. shshizune senpai. ino has reached her limit but ino. just hang in there. shizune no way. not that power again. yuukimaru. yuukimaru may not forgive me when he finds outthe whole truth. are you still mulling over that. i'm prepared to protect yuukimaru, but if i were you, i'd keep thinking of him. even if i'm despised, or rejected or resented. whether he thinks that i'm the place to return to or not has nothing to do with it. yeah, you're right. i'll become the fool toojust like you. next time: "memory of guilt" yamato's room shino aburame, who loves to collect insects is our guest today. getting right to the point shino, you're a member of the prominent aburame family in leaf village, and you're always calm and cool. is the rest of your family like you. silence. namely i see. silence signifies that you are communicating with the insects you host inside your bodies. yes i understand that in the aburame family, you do something special from the time you are born. that is a secret family jutsu from the time you are born, you host insects inside your body, sustain them with your chakra, and coexist. is that a simple way of putting it. and you use the insects in your secret jutsu to do things like tracking, healing and cloning. and that is your secret family jutsu, is that correct. yes can you demonstrate for us. here. it's okay if you can't. we're running out of time, so please do it quickly. well then oops. it's already time. our guest was shino aburame. it'sover already. tune in again. )