thanks for the food. boy, i ate my fill. but that sure didn't compare to ichiraku ramen. what was that. you again. don't you ever give up. my business isn't with you, you're just the attendant. i want to fight the princess next to you. impossible. i won't allow this. lady shizuka, there is no need for you to dirty your hands with a man like him. this is my destiny. please stand back. you're as beautiful as ever. just hurry up and become my wife. nadeshiko style. roaring hurricane kick. what.. you'll pay for this. you were brilliant, lady shizuka. please wait at the inn. i will check on the travel arrangements for the ship. thank you. that lady is some shinobi. but that's none of my business. please wait, sir. from that headband, i see that you are a hidden leaf shinobi. yeah, that's right. may i ask you something. it's about lord jiraiya, one of the legendary sannin. well, rather do you know anyone who was his student. the kunoichi of nadeshiko village of all the places, what a shock to find the person we're seeking here. we were about to board the ship headed for hidden leaf village to look for you. i was just as surprised to hear the pervy sage's name out of the blue. but how do you know about me. didn't lord jiraiya tell you anything. about what. i'll tell you then. the connection between lord jiraiya and my village goes back several decades. don't lose sight of him. we must teach him what happens to those who infiltrate our village. damn it. i just came to do some research for my next book. they're so cute, but boy, they're dangerous. resign yourself. sorry, but i can't do that. mister gamaken. secret technique. exit jutsu. i'm quite ungraceful so. don't let him get away.  right.  right. brr. it's cold. this is rejuvenating. i didn't expect you to pursue me this far. your technique last night was quite amazing. you didn't just come here to tell me that, did you. i've seen your skill and would like to make a request. a request. hidden leaf jonin, lord jiraiya. please duel with me with my hand in marriage as a reward. stop. where are you going with this.. nadeshiko village is matrilineal. to put it bluntly, only women are born into our line. what. only women. and so, candidates for leader leave the village in search of strong men and challenge them. men who defeat us are brought back to the village to become our husbands. that is the law. between them, the duel was a clash of honed ninjutsu skills. but in the end, the match was never decided. so they made a promise. the duel would be postponed. and if their rematch did not occur, it was decided their students would seek each other out to continue the fight. so that means. i would like you to duel with lady shizuka in earnest, with the reward being marriage. mmarriage. this is all too sudden. it's not sudden at all. this was decided during your master's time. but i heard it just now. that is your problem. in any case, a promise is a promise. you must agree or we will be in trouble. i'll be in trouble if i agree. so anyway, let's just say we never had this conversation. wait. this duel must take place, no matter what. a marriage proposal, just like that. you are quite popular, naruto. i envy you. it's not like that at all, i tell you. just because pervy sage made some careless promise, i'm paying for it now. well, we are on a highly classified mission. so we can't afford to get into any foolish disturbances. should we move up our departure time. yeah, good idea. luckily, we've restocked our supplies. we should get to sleep early and leave first thing in the morning. i think i drank too much tea. time out, okay. give me a minute. this is too much. following me all way out here. there is no escaping me. you are an important candidate for a husband. listen, i already turned you down. i don't know what your village tradition is, but i'm not taking part in such a weird duel. but. if you have to fight, go pick somebody around there and. please don't say such things. lady shizuka doesn't enjoy this either. she is actually very kindhearted. however. i want to stay like this forever. then let's do so. but. i know your position. but to be able to pick a husband only through battling is ridiculous. sagiri. i am a tradesman who has been granted entry into the village. i'm not strong, but i love you more than anything. i want you to be happy. that's why i will do everything in my power to change the village's law some day. i swear it. no one knows for sure, but it has been said that it was a plot by a few concerned about the future of the village. he was attacked and easily killed. certainly, he wasn't someone fit for the nadeshiko. that's. from that day on, lady shizuka locked away her heart. she stopped loving, so that she would never lose someone she loves. she only thought of fulfilling her duty, seeking and challenging those who are strong. it's like she was punishing herself. so you want me to fight her. you are the student of the formidable jiraiya, who fought the previous leader to a draw. you may be able to put an end to her fighting. i am fully aware that this is a selfish request. but please, will you agree to fight lady shizuka. i don't think we're being watched. we should be okay once we leave the port. well, naruto, you gave up your chance to become a groom. i'll be able to buy some time this way. naruto, i am deeply grateful that you have agreed to a duel. sorry, but i didn't come here to fight. i came to talk. what. i heard about your situation. but there's something weird about this. i'm here to fight you. so i can see how strong you are. this will do. earth style. iron prison. i'm not going to do this. this is my destiny. please let me begin. nadeshiko style. roaring gale chop. nadeshiko style. aerial dance. they just keep coming. naruto, you are strong indeed. but you can't just keep dodging. spinningwaltz. there's no end to this. gale fan. i guess it's over. yeah, i guess so. it's over. a diversion in the second stage. no one has ever gotten behind me. just deliver the final blow. i already told you. i didn't come here to fight. i'm not interested in a duel. then i'll take the woman. gotcha. what a cowardly thing to do. this trick is nothing. hundred puppet bind. this jutsu drives "bolts" into my target each time one of my and now, you are my puppet. don't tell me all those puppets from before were just for this. you coward. i did it. now shizuka and nadeshiko village are mine. let her go. we weren't done talking. let her go. shut up. this is none of your business, so get lost. i'm going to use her and. rasengan. why did you save me. i've had just about enough with everybody. i didn't mean that. you had a chance to defeat me. and would you have been satisfied if i did. just because it's "your destiny," you locked away your heart to look for a husband. isn't that silly. i mean, i don't know anything about marriage and stuff, but don't you have to love someone and be attracted to each other. that's. i have a girl i love named sakura. well actually, it's onesided on my part. sakura is totally in love with a guy named sasuke. she tries so hard, chasing after him and trying to win his love. when she's at it, her smile is the cutest thing. there's no explaining it. before i realized it, i was in love with her. i would never try to force her to love me. i'd be no different from that guy just now if i did. so i made up my mind. in the same way that sakura tries so hard to win sasuke over, i'm going to do my best to win sakura over. but my destiny. that's not destiny. it's just a rule that the village made up. yes, but. use your abilities to put an end to it. i'm not sure if i explained myself well, but that's what i wanted to talk to you about. naruto. it's captain yamato. you went off on your own again. this is the second time you've fooled me with your shadow clone. i hope you're prepared for the consequences. no. we'll set sail soon. i'll be right there. take care of yourself. when your mission is over. when you return to your village, will you tell that person you love her. no, i don't have the ability to do that yet. for now anyway, i'll just keep watching over her. are you satisfied with that. sure, nothing would make me happier if she chooses me someday. but it's okay. as long as sakura is happy, that's what counts. i want you to be happy. sorry, but this fight ends here. unfortunately, i've already given my heart to a woman. although it's onesided on my part. onesided love. someone like you. she's lost the people she loves, one after another. so now she rejects love. i've sworn to watch over her and bear the weight of her future on my shoulders. even when there's no reward for you. as if i care about such a little thing. i'm going to surround her with love and pray for her happiness. i understand. let us consider this duel a draw for now. so i have to challenge this man's student. shizuka. without a doubt, you bear the burden of your destiny. but remember, there is no need to lock your heart away. lady shizuka. let's go, tokiwa. i will become much stronger. and one day. yes. it's true that the war is going to start. to say that i'm not afraid is a lie. but whatever happens, i have hope that we will all live through it. it's because i have friends that i trust. next time on naruto shippuden: "friends you can count on" you'll understand one day too. tune in again. )