that seat is reserved for me sir utakata. tonbei is looking for you. i'm counting on you. not again. they sure went through a lot of trouble setting up this many traps on such an open field. someone is breaking through our traps and approaching our fort. just in case, in accordance with the late master's instructions, i have alerted the hidden leaf. it's impossible for any ordinary person to get close to our fort. however, if the enemy does succeed in getting here the three of us, including sir utakata, just have to fight together. we'll turn the tables on them. why are they targeting us. what is their purpose. most likely the forbidden jutsu that has been passed down to our clan. all these traps, then as you near the fort, there's a deep ravine on top of which is a barrier beyond that. talk about being overly cautious. don't you think so, nango. yeah you're just not a man of many words are you. chushin, enough of your rambling. a loose mouth is indicative of an empty brain. i'd say you're the one who looks bad each time you open your mouth. benten going through the extremes to protect something is proof of its value. get into your positions. that must be it what.. the barrier has been broken. these guysare not ordinary people. benten. leave them to me. next is mountain climbing. lady hotaru, take this in order to protect the forbidden jutsu that your grandfather passed down, you and sir utakata must escape to our hidden village. what about you. i will follow immediately. now you must hurry no. if we're to escape, the three of us will go together. the enemy is at our doorstep. this is not the time for selfindulgence. you're not coming. go, lady hotaru. sir utakata. pleasetake care of lady hotaru. the debt i owe you will be repaid phew, that was close. this isn't gonna be an ordinary climb, akaboshi. i can't wait to see what's waiting for us at the summit. lady hotaru please be extremely careful while traveling. you must not leave sir utakata's side. tonbei, you must follow us later. promise me that. lady hotaru, think only of your own safety. nothing else. lord en no gyoja i promise to buy as much time as possible so i can protect lady hotaru. lady tsunade, we received this what.. lady katsuyu. oh, kakashi what. lady katsuyu came all the way to greet us. no, she didn't. there must be trouble. because lady tsunade only uses lady katsuyu during emergencies. i get it. so there's an urgent situation. i know how you feel, shino when you aren't allowed to finish what you wanted to say a secret treaty. during the third great ninja war, a certain jutsu passed down by en no gyoja, the leader of the tsuchigumo clan, wiped out an entire village. the third hokage demanded that such a dangerous jutsu be classified as a forbidden jutsu. and in exchange, it was agreed that the hidden leaf would provide aid to the tsuchigumo clan in time of danger. kakashi, you are to report to the village for details from your last mission. understood. we're battling against time. team 7 will go with captain yamato and head for mount katsuragi immediately. yes, sir. why aren't you coming, kakashi sensei. is there a problem if it's just me. that's not what i meant en no gyoja passed away a year ago and the fort on mount katsuragi is occupied by his granddaughter, hotaru, and her servant. whoever is attacking the fort is undoubtedly after en no gyoja's forbidden jutsu. we must prevent the theft of the forbidden jutsu at all cost. why did you send naruto too. it's a countermeasure against the akatsuki. did this old man intend to protect the fort all by himself. still, this took longer than planned. let's hurry and start the search. that's the tsuchigumo clan's fort.. captain yamato. hm. what happened here. it doesn't look like this is from a fight sai, how about it. there are fresh footprints headed towards the fort the enemy is a group of four. these are from traps surrounding the fort. it looks like the enemy avoided them. then there are more in this area. we'll just follow the trail of trap marks. i get it. that way, we'll get to the fort without encountering any fresh traps. where is the forbidden jutsu of en no gyoja.. you lost, so 'fess up. i know nothing. playing dumb is useless. the granddaughter. that's right. en no gyoja has a granddaughter. did you let her escape. she has the forbidden jutsu. is that it. hey. enough. i know where to find her. we're out of time. it seems we have some interference. it's a deadend, captain yamato. we'll just lay a bridge across it. wood style. gotta hand it to you, captain yamato. aren't you glad i was here. don't rub it in. hang on, old man. it's weak, but he still has a pulse. he'll live. we were one step too late sai, check the area to see if there are any others. right. you've come to we are from the hidden leaf and were dispatched to provide assistance. you are lady hotaru's servant, i presume. i amtonbei llady hotaru is headed for the hidden village of the tsuchigumo clan. there is an escape route with a collapsed entry in the back of the mansion. lady hotaru wentthrough there i understand. we will follow her. sakura, stay here and tend to sir tonbei's injuries. right. naruto, sai, let's go. sir utakata, there's something i'd like to ask you will you teach me jutsu even after we get to the hidden village. i don't recall teaching you anything. but back at the fort, you trained me in many things. you did that on your own also, when we reach the village, i will no longer be needed. there's no one stronger than you in the village. and i want you to teach me. that time, when you saved me persistent guys what isthat jutsu. it's amazing. now they know my location for the time being, i must stay out of view as i move. are you all right.. that wound allow me to treat it back at our fort. that's the least i can do for coming to my aid. fort. please hang on. i'm going to get help. don't move from this spot. damn. i used too much chakra. i'll be right back at that time, i wanted to become like you, sir utakata. i didn't save you that time the ninja who attacked were coming after me, not you. i just fought in order to protect myself. even so, after watching you, i knew i wanted to be strong like you. no, i must. that is why i wish to learn your jutsu being strong is enough for you. huh. you may end up regretting being taught by one who is a wanted man. i trust you, sir utakata. no matter what happens, i will always consider you my master. don't call me your master. shoot. step away from that girl. a shadow clone. what a bother give it up and be captured. no. he is not an enemy. naruto. pardon him for jumping to conclusions. sir tonbei had told us only about lady hotaru tonbei is alive and well. yes. he's under the care of our medic. i'm glad from here on, you have our protection as well. hey, i'm really sorry. i can leave the rest to you then huh. sure thing. i always fulfill my missions huh. thanks take care. sir utakata. hey, where're you going. can't you at least stay with me until we reach the hidden village. those guys are strong you can rely on them. i don't need guards. i need someone to teach me jutsu. come with me, please i'll be more serious than ever in my training. i'll endure anything and i promise never to cry. and and i'll never call you my mastereveragain stupid master utakata. i told you not to call me that i'm not foolish enough to be called master. why are you people following me. we're your bodyguards, that's why. there is no need for that. i can protect myself just fine. you hidden leaf people may leave. don't ask such nonsense. oh well then. let's do as she says and leave. what.. next time on naruto shippuden: "successor of the forbidden jutsu" now, now, don't worry. yamato's room among his comrades, he's the only one who remains a genin. our guest today is naruto uzumaki. that was a deflating introduction. that's what it says in the script. so you didn't forget your script today, eh. are you still gonna bring that up. well, it happened twice. the last time, kakashi senpai had it. then how about the first time. that script went missing while i was using the restroom. then it was found splattered with ramen soup. hm. ramen soup. heh heh heh. ramen during break time. ahh. crap. whose script is this. ohwhat'll i do. what'll i do. i guess i'll just have to get rid of the evidence. all right, done. we're on air. yeah, be right there. that wasyours, captain yamato.. it was you i knew it. yikes. tune in again. )