aren't you being a little too laid back. oh, well you know, things were pretty tense around here recently with the incident in the sand village. but now that it's been settled i'm suddenly overcome with exhaustion even so, we don't know what's going to happen next. only by being cautious at all times are we able to prevent you won't last if you remain cautious at all times. come on, relax, relax. it's not good to tease weak ones. i set the alarm clock before i went to bed last night, and here, i get up before the alarm goes off. i can't bring myself to turn off the alarm. but if i don't, then the annoying ring won't stop. it's such a pain just thinking about this whole thing. move, move, move. last spurt. goal. first place. sadly, second place. what kind of race is that. beats me hey lee, you need to train more. yes. i will try to be first place next time. but, there is regrettable news. whwhat is it. lee, you are not second place. you arethird place. huh.. second place is kakashi, whom i am carrying. kakashi, you are too lucky. you don't need to thank me. i feel like i learned another important lesson from you. as usual, i can't keep up with their craziness. although we did run along after them. ridiculous. okay, everyone's here, eh.. then let's go report to lady tsunade right away. um, guy sensei what is it. kakashi sensei is huh. oh. guess it's the hospital before reporting. the new target oh. he's awake. so i'm back here again good job, kakashi. master lady tsunade no, kakashi sensei. don't push yourself. i examined you earlier, but you need to be in bed for a week. it will take a few more days until you can return to duty. i guess that's how it goes seems it will still take a while until you can master the new sharingan. yes just rest. try not to push yourself for a while. team guy should rest today too. you can turn in the report later. let's go, shizune. yes. ohmaster. is it regarding that matter. yes. did you tell kakashi. since kakashi sensei has been like that all this time, i haven't yet how about naruto. i thought i should first consult you give me the details. it's what i heard from the akatsuki member, sasori. he said it was a reward for beating him in ten days, go to the tenchi bridge located in the village hidden in the grass at high noon. i've got a spy working as one of orochimaru's subordinates i was supposed to rendezvous with himthere in ten daysat tenchi bridge, huh four days has passed, so it will be in six days. can you trust your source. considering the situation, it's safe to say we can trust it. what would you do if it were a trap. there is a possibility that orochimaru is just bait, and the akatsuki will be waiting there. if it is a trap, i'll fight with all my might. fight. kakashi will be in bed for more than a week. but we only have six days left. for that matter, ever since sasuke left, team kakashi has been short on staff. yes we can only add another member and create a new team. lady tsunade. what is it. then, you should send a different unit to investigate the situation. even if you let sakura go, you should leave out naruto. shizune yes. like you, sakura is one of the few ninja whom i can trust from the bottom of my heart. i will definitely let team kakashi go, mostly because sakura is on it. wouldn't it be the same if my team went. it's not the same. sakura and naruto are both desperately trying to seek out sasuke, their former team mate they wish to save sasuke more than anyone. that strong desire will lead the mission to success. you and sakura are different i understand, but, for this mission, naruto should now that he's heard this what would naruto say. let's search for our new team member immediately. later. sheesh, that impatient brat i wasn't done talking yet. he has a mysterious power everyonestarts wanting to place their bets on him. becoming hokageis my dream. the child who was entrusted with the first hokage's necklace indeed, naruto might not be an ordinary kid. sasuke hmm, who might be good. i need to think about this very carefully. it would be a pain if i mistakenly choose someone who would slow me down. plus, even if the person is skillful, there might be a problem with their personality, and that will ruin the teamwork. and sakura is a sucker for handsome boys, so it would be dangerous if he were too goodlooking. this is hard. long time no see, naruto. huh. who are you. huh. even though we haven't seen each other for a long time, you should remember your comrade's face. because the one that spoke to you will feel bad. ohumthat really indirect speech could it be. shino. you finally remembered. if you cover up that much, no one will knowshino, you're here early. are you kiba. oh. this smell. it is naruto. you knew it was me 'cause of that. that dog, could it be what are you talking about. of course, it's akamaru. huh.. hey, did you grow.. naw, naw, naw akamaru is the one that grew. do dogs become that big in such a short amount of time. really. since we're always together, i can't really tell. can't tell.. that akamaru, he used to be on your head. right, shino.. seems like you noticed kiba right away, didn't you, naruto. oh shoot, he's upset. na nnaruto i heard that he came back to the village. whwhat should i do. i'm not ready yet since we haven't seen each other for a while. what should i say. um um oh, it's hinata. why are you hiding. huh.. hinata. hey, hinata, hey, hinata. why do you always faint after seeing naruto. please. we need a new member. huh. you came at the wrong time, we just got a mission and we're waiting for kurenai sensei. whati. but you have akamaru, so lend us one person. come on, kiba. what happened. what are you talking about.. if i don't go i can't use the combo attack with akamaru. oh yeah, i met naruto and oh that's right. then, then hey, shino is you noticed hinata right away too, naruto. he is still sulking forget it. you guys are all lousy friends. naruto's voice hinata. just shut up and come with me. "just shut up and come with me". no way no way so suddenly after all that fuss, i still got rejected. in that case i guess i'll ask those guys. hey, hinata, kurenai sensei is going to be here soon. wake up. hey, shino. do you have water. water. the skyis blue. i told you already, haven't i. it's annoying, but i'm in charge of the chunin exam. i mean, yeah, we have a long history together, so i want to lend a hand. but i'm not in a position to do whatever i want. the fifth appointed me, so she will kill me if i reject the offer. i get scolded enough by my mother. and here i was thinking "i can count on shikamaru," but you go on talking like it's so annoying and all even if you look at me with those puppy eyes, what's impossible is impossible. then i will lend a hand. here. shikamaru. this is the lunch box that your mom asked me to hand you. choji. hey choji, are you sure you can say such an irresponsible thing. don't you have a mission with asuma and ino. i can't ignore what naruto is saying. i will try to discuss it with asuma sensei. choji, thanks. it's not going to help if you tell asuma because he works under lady tsunade. well, i will try to talk to him. here's the lunch box. oh. thanks. hey, naruto that's my lunch box. just like always, you're still eating, huh. youare fatter than before oh. shikamaru. behind. over there, huh. i haven't seen him before, but he wears a leaf head band. it was so sudden i don't know what he is aiming for, but we need to capture him and give him to the interrogation unit. i'll assist you. go naruto. right. ninja art: super beast scroll. indeed, naruto is a jinchuriki. there is no guarantee that the akatsuki who seeks naruto's ninetailed beast won't become a huge disaster for the hidden leaf. however, naruto will someday become a valuable ninja to the hidden leaf village. if perchance, the hidden leaf village and the land of fire become endangered by my decision, then as the fifth hokage, i will protect them with my life. next time: formation. new team kakashi )