you're wrong. llady tsunade.. what's wrong.. jiraiya doesn't understand a thing. oh, you were just worked up over jiraiya's novel. it's not funny. this is inexcusable. even if it's a novel, you can't bend the truth. there's no way sakura, my beloved pupil, would be this meek. i brought you rice balls for dinner, since i figured they'd be easier to eat while you read. please take a break. is that so. that was quite thoughtful of you. salty. what is this. the picked plum is ten years old. it's too salty. the tea's just been made so it's very hot. tell me sooner. jiraiya ninja scrolls: the tale of naruto the hero"the rules or a comrade" the hyuga's future, rather the future of all shinobi, rests on this test. watch carefully until the end. their hidden selves will soon be revealed. i won't let them be killed. how dare you. how dare you do this to sasuke. you're such a pain. do you want to die too. don't forget your purpose. your orders were to uncover their true selves. i didn't order you to kill them. so he was spying on me. i know. it's just a test, right. i'll prove to the shinobi who's watching all of this. that there is no future. cha. i removed all the poison. you'll be okay now. when did you learn medical ninjutsu. i've been secretly apprenticing with lady tsunade. oh, really. well, that saved my life. this is it. if that was the test, what did it prove. no, there's more. and it's just about to begin. your chakra points are clear now. you should be able to move. ththanks, pervy sage. take these pills. they'll replenish your chakra. okay. why are you here, pervy sage. i've been searching for a certain someone and came upon some intel, so i stopped by the hidden leaf village. i heard about what was going on here and convinced minato to transport me here. i'm surprised he knew where i was. apparently, the seal that minato placed inside you also has a marking. as long as you have the marking, his jutsu can get us to you instantly, no matter how far away you are. aww dad. by the way, how is everyone. kakashi sensei and the other captains have been abducted. neji and i were locked up in here. oh. and then what.. neji went off with a guy wearing a mask. and you saw the rest. damn it. if i only had more power, i could've beaten up that masked guy. and gone to save kakashi sensei and the others. you've still have a long ways to go. damn it. today's the last day of this training. but even when i'm gone, keep practicing by yourself. do you remember the training we did for the summoning jutsu. yeah. just the other day, i was falling toward the bottom of the valley and almost died. but i was able to summon the great toad. is that so. okay, try it again right here. all right. summoning jutsu. hhuh. no.that's not good. i see you've been ignoring your training. no. i've been doing the training properly. and besides, dad's been training me separately too. the first step is.rotation. why.. i sped up the rotation of the water inside, but the water balloon won't break. if i just shake up the water inside the balloon the way the cat did. dad. i was able to do the first part. i got a hint from the way a stray cat was playing with the water balloon. so teach me the next part. hey, not so fast. how about a popsicle break. huh. okay. if i master up to step three, can you teach me the summoning jutsu. if i don't know it by the next time i see pervy sage, he's gonna get mad at me. with anything, you've got to take it one step at a time. yeah, i got it, dad. i was able to summon the great toad because of dad's training. even though it was only that one time. and that's when i met nine tails for the first time. oh. all right. why don't we try it. huh.. i'll weaken the eight signed sealing formula. then the nine tails' chakra will be released. but.if you can't control that power, the nine tails' will rob you of your consciousness. please do it. hey, hey. stop. ouch. what's that for.. look. no more paper shuriken are coming at us. huh. you're right. all signs of the enemy are gone. or.something weird is going on. we were under such heavy attack. but we're uninjured. yyes. lee. tenten.  kiba.  everyone. we finally caught up to you. where's the enemy. how many are there. well. i saw with my byakugan that you two were being attacked and pursued. well, you see. as soon as we got here, all signs of them suddenly disappeared. disappeared. yes.almost as if a fox spirited them away. where is neji. naruto fell into the enemy's trap. and neji went after him. naruto too. wait a minute. this scent. sasuke and sakura should be nearby too. byakugan. we must hurry. i see a shadowy, enemylike figure approaching them, but sasuke and sakura seem unaware of it. hey, hey. you promised. you're going to help me train today right. sorry, sasuke. lord fourth just summoned me. i was looking forward to having you watch me, big brother. definitely next time. you should go ask father to help you today. uhhuh. aamazing. this is the fundamental ninjutsu of the uchiha clan. fire style: fireball jutsu. i've already shown you the hand signs. build up and infuse your chakra, focus it at a point in your chest. then release it in one large breath. yes, sir. father is teaching me the jutsu himself. father finally acknowledges me. i can't disappoint him. i can do it. fire style: fireball jutsu. why did i think you would be like itachi. it's too soon, you're not ready yet.  sakura.  yes. i wasn't able to inflict a fatal wound with my attack. there is a limit to life. but, art is forever. do you want to see. my everlasting army. every one of them is a truly valuable work of art that surpasses life. secret red move: performance of a hundred puppets. one hundred puppets. all these puppets. this is impossible. now, what are you going to do. are you going to fight each of my 100 pieces of art. or will you just cower in fear. i will let you decide. he said he was the gatekeeper. if that's true. these guys are preventing us from returning to the hidden leaf village. and as long as we don't try to pass them, they won't attack. can sakura and i take on 100 puppets and make it through. that's close to impossible. however, if we had more on our side. everyone. finally, we're able to rendezvous. we're going to hide our presence for a while. what's going on. are they puppets. yeah, a hundred of them. on our side. there are ten including me. plus a dog. what happened here. a puppet user brought them out to create a blockade. a blockade. where's the puppet user. he's watching to see what our next move will be. sasuke, what did you first intend on doing. if we want lord fourth to conduct a rescue mission, we have to return quickly to the village and report back to him. but if we bring down all 100 puppets here, we can get out of here. you sure make it sound easy. but it's not impossible.right. if we're going to complete our mission, wait. we're not going back to the village. we're not giving up on rescuing the team captains. you plan on abandoning the mission. no, that's not it. that's because there's also the option of breaking up into two teams: one to look for the captains and one to report back to the village. no. i also think we should stick together and work as one team. what. shikamaru. what the hell are you.. in the beginning, i agreed that we should break up into two groups. but a lot of time has passed. we should keep into account that the longer time passes, the less successful our chances of finding asuma and the others will be. put simply, we don't have the time to return to hidden leaf village. not to mention, if we fight all those puppets, we'll exhaust all our time. why did i think you would be like itachi. well, sasuke. will you come with us. i'm not coming with you. i'll do things my way, on my own. we were able to gather the leaf genin in one location. but things don't look so good. are they arguing. why. if they try to break through that barrier of puppets, it would mean they chose to stick to the rules and place priority on their mission. but. if they ignore the puppets to go find their comrades. it will mean that nothing could sway them and they made a choice of their own free will. out of a desire to save their friends. when they finally coalesce into a group of hidden leaf shinobi, which option will they choose. what will they choose to do. that's when we'll see the true nature of these young shinobi. understand. when the eight signed sealing is weakened, i don't even know what will happen. all right. but if worse comes to worst. i, jiraiya, one of the legendary sannin will stop it. i'll leave it to you. three tails in no time. naruto. hold back your chakra right there. what. the seal that keeps me bound is weakening. hey, demonfox. lend me your power. strengthen your resolve. use your will to control the nine tails' chakra. a fourth tail.. i guess it was still too soon for naruto to be able to control the nine tails' chakra. one of your apprentices will prevent a great catastrophe in the ninja world. but if they go down the wrong path, they will bring about great ruin. you said, one of my apprentices. next time on naruto shippuden: "the child of prophecy. " impossible. to think the one who might bring about great ruin is.. jiraiya ninja scrolls: the tale of naruto the herothe child of prophecy tune in again. )