this is not good. it's over just what you'd expect from lord kazekage. yeah. this village will be safe as long as we have lord kazekage. this sand's such a pain in the neck. you fool. do you really think you can get away from gaara's sand.. the kazekage stands tall. i never thought this would be my reason for losing i should've just gone ahead and finished the book but how can you even read such a boring book.. huh. the pervy sage loaned it to me, but it was so boring i didn't even make it ten pages. so of course, i don't know how the book ends. even without naruto knowing the ending of the book we figured you'd respond if we mentioned the name, "makeout tactics. " pretty good strategy, huh. you two certainly showed me some growth. master. kakashi, do you have something to say. well, they did a great job taking the bells away from me, so yes. what're you talking about. we're talking about your status for the future. our status. naruto uzumaki. huh. answer me. yyeah. sakura haruno. yes. the two of you and kakashi hatake the three of you shall form team kakashi. team kakashi ssay, what does that mean. the two of you will form a team with me and we'll carry out missions together. that's what this means. it's not like the old days. we're no longer teacher and students. we will work together as equal leaf shinobi. got it. sure. i got it. kankuro. is lord gaara fighting right now.. where is he. yeah. he's up there gaara sand coffin he did it he did it. yeah. lord kazekage is amazing. did he get away.. that guy sure is lucky. not bad. i get it. the sand he used to crush my hand is much faster and more powerful than ordinary sand taken from the desert according to our information he always carries with him a fixed amount of sand in other words, only that sand has been specially created with a large amount of chakra built up inside that's the sand he uses for quick defense as well instant attacks. what did they call it again. i remember now. it's the "ultimate defense" that's the "ultimate defense" sand in other words, the sand from that hole is what crushed my arm i've only got a little bit of clay left i underestimated him what you'd call "not prepared enough. " this is just as the good man sasori said will just that bag be enough. our opponent will be using the jinchuriki i've only enough left for one more homingtype and my specialty as well. i think i'll destroy this village, after all. for crying out loud how long is that deidara going to make me wait. i told him i don't like waiting lord kazekage black clothing and a red cloud pattern. judging from that appearance, the enemy lord kazekage is fighting against is likely a member of the organization called the "akatsuki. " i knew it. what is it. gaara's even using his "ultimate defense" sand in this fight. i think it's safe to assume the enemy is a formidable one. for the time being, we need to consider that gaara could lose control. we need to be ready in case shukaku appears. the villagers will be in danger. that won't happen anymore. gaara will not harm the people of this village. never. gaara, give it up. i don't want to say this, but you're nothing but a frightening weapon to the village it'll just be a struggle for you to join a regular unit at this point. the superiors don't think well of you. and a majority of the village is scared of you. i know that i know that but i will be overcome with an even greater suffering if i just wait around i just have to work hard and carve out a future for myself. and i must not run away from my path of solitude. if i do that, someday somedayi can be like him so as a sand shinobi, i will strive to become the kazekage. to livebonded with this village. gaara i want to work hard and be acknowledged by others. naruto uzumaki made me believe that having bonds with others i only knew hate and malice up until now. but now, there's something i understand about those bonds. he went so far to tell me about. i understand that pain, sadnessand happiness can be shared with others. naruto uzumaki i learned that through fighting and getting to know him. he knew of the same pain as me. and he taught me that i could change the path of my life. someday, i want to feel needed by someone. not as a frightening weapon but as the kazekage of the hidden sand village. there are people who need you. you're the kazekage of the hidden sand. lord gaara. lord kazekage. hang in there. gee, you guys sure got strong. i never thought you'd really be able to get the bells i just might've surpassed you, kakashi sensei. why're you talking all big.. well, but i'm still pretty young, you see the other day, i developed an incredible new jutsu and it's pretty incredible, you see oh, that's right. i haven't had any ichiraku ramen since i got back. oh, i'm also pretty hungry from all that training exercise since yesterday. all right. let's make a beeline for ichiraku ramen. right. they used to be so cute and react to everything back in the day as promised, i leave naruto in your care. it's my first ichiraku ramen in ages. it'll be kakashi sensei's treat. treat. treat. treat. treat. the actions of the akatsuki are gaining momentum i'm heading off to gather information. see you around. kakashi sensei. huh. it's been settled that you're going to treat us to some ramen. hurry up. sorry, guys. i have to create and turn in the unit list for the new team. see you. i'm gone. oh. he ran away. he said something about a unit list but he's probably just wondering what happens next inhis book that means then how about we go on a date, just the two of us. that's fine. but you're treating. oh you could at least pay for half of the ramen convene all members for an emergency meeting. yes, sir. you secure the reservoir. take two units with you. yes, sir. seal off the roads in sector a. yes, sir. we must not assume there's only one enemy. no matter what happens, maintain preparations for battle. we must be ready to respond. medical team. set up a barrier and lead all villagers inside. hurry. there must not be even one casualty. is that clear.. we'll provide full support for gaara nofor lord kazekage. gaara interference from below really puts a damper on things and besides i'm tired of looking at your expressionless face. it's a doll molded from detonating clay that's got chakra and clay eaten by my palm mixed together this specialty of mine has c3 chakra, my most powerful chakra, built up inside. the explosive power is an exquisite work of art that i'm very proud of. what's that. hey. yeah, what the heck is it. this is not good. get back. you're too late. next time, i will finally develop an ultra cool jutsu. the breathtaking arc begins as i take down the akatsuki organization. what sort of nonsense are you coming up with, you idiot. oh, sakura all you'll do is slurp on some ramen noodles at the corner after being dumped by me. keep making stuff up, and you'll get caught by the police force. but i want some of the spotlight too. shut up, cha. next time: "mission cleared" )