impossible. he took us all out in one swoop. it was a blessing that this gang of thieves escaped into our territory. our superior is none other than the lieutenant, the most skilled in the organization, our pride and joy. there's no way you could've gotten away. brilliant as usual. so. what do we do with them.. what we always do. understood. hey, guys. teach them a lesson and make an example out of them. do they have to beat them up so much. lately, their methods have been extreme. they say it's to maintain public morals. but they're just throwing their weight around. did you say something. oh, scary. we'd better watch what we say, or we're gonna get it too. sasuke. leaf police force jiraiya ninja scrolls: the tale of naruto the herothe difference in power on standby i thought it would be too extreme at first. but seeing the results, it all ended up being a good idea. if we hurt them enough, bad guys won't resort to crime again. the same goes with the villagers. this acts as a preventative so we're killing two birds with one stone. no.we get to let off steam too, so it's like killing three birds with one stone. honestly, until mr. sasuke came, everyone was getting fed up. our main issue was at a standstill while our work kept increasing steadily. all captain fugaku says is to heed the hokage and wait. if things were going to change by waiting, they would've changed long ago. absolutely. we have to apply pressure too. lord fugaku's ways are too weak. we're going to follow you, lieutenant. talk is easy. now demonstrate your skills in a real mission. this isn't difficult at all. the recent activities of the leaf police force are unpardonable. there's no doubt that crime has gone down, but the villagers are growing uneasy by the day. it must be a form of protest. they must be annoyed because their circumstances remain unchanged. they're starting to lose patience. change takes time. my father understands this. however, others feel frustrated by this. especially the younger generation. and the one at the center of all this is. the clan's most gifted member, sasuke. sasuke, you're back. perhaps they're being rough, but they've haven't deviated from their duties. i believe my father would still like to keep observing them. and if we make the wrong move, we'll only invite more resistance. what a drag. everyone's so uptight in the village because of them. it's so annoying. until recently, this used to be such a lively place filled with food stands. since they're so strict about regulating everything. it's so deserted now. i know. i want to know what sasuke's thinking. but he's so unapproachable these days. do you think it will ever go back to how it was. this is strange. weren't there lots of food stands here before. that voice. is it.naruto.. sakura. you guys. when did you get back. just now. pervy sage had to make a stop, so i just came home first. you kinda look a little more distinguished. really. you guys haven't changed at all. what're you saying. we've changed a lot. look. that's. while you were gone, we all became chunin. not only that, neji, who was a class ahead of us, is now a jonin. which means. i'm the only one from our class who's still a genin.. actually.sasuke is one too. since he was at the feudal lord's office all this time. what's going on with sasuke. yeah, well. since you've been away, things have gotten a little complicated. hey you. who gave you permission to open up shop.. i'm sorry, but until now. never mind. come with me. damn it. she's just a grandma. that's overkill. you're. oh no, it's that kid. he's come back, huh. breaking the rules the minute you return. seems like you haven't grown up at all, have you. well, you sure have changed. choji, take granny. right.  hey.  sorry. but i can't let you pass. what do we do, lieutenant. we're not going to back down from any obstructions of our duties. still talking about that kinda stuff. i've been waiting for this day. what is this feeling. stop it, both of you. are you aware that this is a public road. you're. we're just two friends having a friendly fight, it's none of your business so back off, old man. you idiot. huh.. what, sakura.. hey. let's just get out of here. are they going to run away.. forget it. leave them alone. but. that's an order. just continue your rounds. naruto uzumaki. he's gained a lot of strength in three years. his master jiraiya has taught him well. what is it that you want to say. i'm just posing a simple question. you should be much more than how you are right now. how long will you remain confined to where you're at. that's all. you don't just go around calling someone like lord danzo "old man. " i didn't know. who the hell was that. he's one of the leaf's top officials. in fact, he's the one who's always at odds with lord fourth and lord third. even lady tsunade strictly warned me to never get involved with him. you're so dense, naruto. thank you for earlier. oh no. it's no big deal. it was the right thing to do. well, i must get going. i hear he's always been on bad terms with the lieutenant. i just hope he doesn't make this any worse than it already is.  hey.  it's okay. there's no end to it if you get involved. more importantly, getting back to sasuke. pervy sage told me. if a friend wanders off the path, you have to pull them back onto it. so next time, we have to stop sasuke. yeah. are you sure about leaving them alone, lieutenant. i know he's gonna give you more trouble. shut up. lieutenant. i have work to do. if you're a member of the leaf police force, use your own judgment instead of always depending on me. naruto uzumaki. he's gained a lot of strength in three years. i don't know how he trained. but he's nothing like how he was in the past. i'm not strong enough. how do i.. that child sasuke. .possesses fine eyes. oh yeah, the police force had a runin with the hokage's son yesterday. what.. i just saw them. they were walking around like nothing happened. so the police force acts all big with us commoners, but their hands are tied when it comes to the son of a powerful official, huh. they're just the hokage's lapdogs, after all. everyone's started gossiping. letting him go was a big mistake. we've been clamping down on everyone until now. so when we make an exception and go easy on someone. they drag us through the mud. but the lieutenant said to leave him alone. he also entrusted us to handle things on our own. thinking about the sake of our clan, we have to make the right decisions. i'm gonna go all out and whip up something special today. what.. what's going on.. you can't just barge into someone's house. especially with your dirty shoes on. bring us naruto uzumaki. we want to question him about interfering with our duties the other day. i know nothing about it. interfering with your duty. my son would never do such a thing. besides, on whose authority are you acting. i'm going to tell minato and you're going to get an earful, y'know. if you try to protect him, we'll take you with us too. what's the big idea. barging in like this. excuse me. what is it. the captain wants to see you. please come with me now, lieutenant. i had some misgivings, but i never expected the members of the police force would raid the hokage's residence without the proper authorization. my sincerest apologies. well, at least no one was hurt. so, what does fugaku think about all of this. he knows that he has to take action now. i'm sure he'll take appropriate measures of discipline. i just hope they ease up a little now. you guys. we're sorry, lieutenant. we only did this for the sake of the uchiha. enough. lock them up. sir. you said you'd take a different path. and you did become stronger. but after all that boasting, i had hoped there was some substance to it. but i guess it was for nothing. what you ended up doing was empowering fools to indulge in idiotic behavior. nothing good came out of this. you will never measure up to your brother itachi. i don't need someone like you in my unit. you are hereby relieved of your duties as lieutenant. i am dismissing you from the leaf police force. the leaf police force did that. so what's going to happen to sasuke. i don't know. but i wouldn't be surprised if he's fired from the force. we'll just slap him on the back and welcome him back into our team again. what the hell. .was i doing for the last three years. why is he so different from me.. it's power. i need power. you've come. you called me, so you must have something up your sleeve. i just came to see what you're offering. you came just to see. i want to take advantage of you too. i figured we'd have a nice little chat. and. what do you want. i want power. enough to beat him. i predicted as much. but.are you sure. not only is naruto uzumaki the hokage's son. he's also the jinchuriki of the nine tails, which is essential to this village. if you realize your goal, it's possible that the uchiha's standing in the village will worsen. i don't care. beating him means everything to me. i don't care about the uchiha or the hidden leaf. what's so funny. i remember a shinobi who deserted the village long ago saying something along those lines. he betrayed everyone, committed numerous crimes and in exchange. obtained frightening power. his name is orochimaru. one of the legendary sannin, like jiraiya, naruto's mentor. the legendary sannin. he has knowledge of the myriad jutsu that exist in this world including forbidden ones. i can't think of a better person to learn from than him. however.he is a man who has lived within the darkness. remember that's the price you'll pay. i'm looking forward to it. fine then. before sunrise, go to the tower at the border. i'll take care of the rest. we're not done yet. i want to know what you get out of this. it's your choice to believe me or to not. but i am one among many who do not look too kindly on that monster, the nine tails. it's a monster that could rampage at any moment, i question if it's wise to leave such a power unbridled. i feel we need the power to fight against it. go. we have a contract now. the rest is up to you. shiro. take care of yourself. if you're gonna have a midnight snack, it's got to be rich and heavy. sasuke. where's he going at this hour. here you go. five orders of fried chicken bites. i gave you some extra too. oh. awesome. all right, our shift's over. time to close the gate. we didn't get any advance notices about departures at this hour. hey, we're closing the gate. wait. i'm grateful to you. but this isn't enough. i'm not satisfied with the lackluster level that i'm at right now. i'm going to get power. at the side of that other sannin. those three years. i can't let those three years end in a blink of an eye. next time on naruto shippuden: "rogue ninja" sasuke. jiraiya ninja scrolls: the tale of naruto the herorogue ninja tune in again. )