the forbidden jutsu released no wonder it was useless looking for the forbidden jutsu. control he had used his own granddaughter as its hiding place. that en no gyoja what a cruel thing to do. if the forbidden jutsu is removed from its human vessel, it would become lost forever. and unless the human who became its vessel is skilled enough to control it, the forbidden jutsu cannot be activated so even if someone were to come after the forbidden jutsu, they cannot lay a hand on it. en no gyoja's kindness has protected it. however, if it stays this way, the treasure will be wasted. right now, you are no more than a storage tank accumulating natural energy. you have yet to wield the activation jutsu necessary to set off that collected natural energy. and then i come along the sole survivor of the tsuchigumo clan who has mastered that jutsu. what a lucky turn of events, right hotaru. the jutsu which will restore the clan to its glory is on the verge of seeing the light of day. let's use it to give a scare to those who denounced our clan. what is it, hotaru. aren't you happy. then laugh. come on. i see. you're happy too. you should be. you should be. tsuchigumo style: forbidden jutsu release. big bang. it's coming it's coming now, the trump card to our clan's revival the moment is here the forbidden jutsu shall awaken after its decadelong seal. gather chakra. overflow in hotaru's body, which serves as the vessel. and manifest your formidable power. utakata. what are you doing.. chakra is flowing i don't see anything. it is probably chakra that exists within the atmosphere and terrain. what is this. they're riding the chakra, the chakra's current, towards a certain location. and hotaru is she's there.. let's go. right. why is the chakra gathering there. hey, you're sure hotaru will be there. if you have time to talk, then get moving. hotaru over there. all right. hotaru. we're too late useless bunch. couldn't they at least hold you off a little longer. oh well, i don't mind having an audience. you bastard. what did you do to hotaru.. sir utakata hotaru's dream i'm just helping her to realize it. the revival of the tsuchigumo clan. and the key to that is activating the forbidden jutsu with my abilities. your ability. what do you mean. she doesn't have the skill to activate the forbidden jutsu yet. she's only able to accumulate the chakra in nature. so i'll activate it for her, from the outside. in order to restore the tarnished honor of the tsuchigumo clan. what honor.. all you're trying to do is steal hotaru's feelings for her grandfather, tonbei, and her people. everything that hotaru holds dear. who needs something as cheap as feelings. i'm going to steal the world. what.. as long as i have this, be it the five kage's or the lords no one will be able to ignore me. a new village no, i can even attain lands superior to the five great nations. are you out of your mind.. i've never been more serious. now that i've come this far, i can take on the five great nations. with this forbidden jutsu, taking over the world is not just a dream. i knew it. you don't give a damn about the people of the tsuchigumo clan. yeahthat goes without saying. what about what about hotaru's feelings.. as if i care. she put her faith in you a carved seal of that magnitude was embedded into her and she protected that forbidden jutsu with all her might for the sake of her people. and she entrusted you with it. huh. it's true that i killed my own father in order to satisfy my greed. but you're not one to talk. i know all about you. you're listed in the bingo book, aren't you. you're a rogue ninja from the hidden mist, right. you turned your back on the hidden mist. i don't need to be lectured by someone who doesn't care about his village. i can tell we're alike, you and i. we smell the same. i didn't trick you. what i told you earlier is true. although i should add that my old man, who died protecting the forbidden jutsu, was actually killed by me. utakata is a heinous criminal who killed his master and escaped from the village. no sir utakata is nothing like this man. and yet, and yet i what.. ththispower wait. stop. stop. did i hit it right on the mark. well, whatever. but since hotaru is so attached to her people, i'm willing to name my new nation after the tsuchigumo. i'm not a bandit, after all. thinking of the land of my birth, i'm helping to bring it back to glory. i'd say i'm a pretty fine person. don't kid around. you're right. maybe i don't give a damn about my village utakata but what will happen to hotaru. she'll live. as the ultimate weapon for the forbidden jutsu. i will control this great jutsu and she will be my tool. tool did you say "tool".. yes my tool. shut up. control too bad. you can't oppose me anymore. just like hotaru. good more let your body overflow with chakra. now then, what shall i make you do. how about making comrades fight each other. i can't move or maybe bodyguards. you can guard my tool. why you control don't think you can get near my tool so easily. don't call her your tool hotaru is not a tool. don't talk. you're irritating. forget it. you have no grounds to object. hotaru chose me. she chose to become the vessel. to sir utakata, i will work to revive the tsuchigumo clan with sir shiranami. thank you for all you have done. goodbye from your student, hotaru. hotaru doesn't want to be rescued by you. so stay there and watch as the tsuchigumo village disappears in an instant. sir utakata. i'm so sorry. it's all because i was so foolish hmm you still have the will to resist. sir utakata. damn it. just a little more just a little more and hotaru's vessel will be full of chakra. you will be my witnesses to the resurrection of the forbidden jutsu. there's no way we can put up a fight against those four like this. first, we have to stop the villagers. but how. it can't be helped if we get a bit rough with them. we'll isolate them all in one place. i'm sorry. i have to get a little rough. cha. super beast scroll. wood style. four pillar house jutsu. we'll have them lay low there for a while. way to ruin our fun. we can't keep letting them have their way. that's our line. i wonder about that. it's no funwithout an audience. oh boy there's just no end to this, is there. you're doing well, hotaru. our guests are probably getting anxious. now surrender your body and soul to me. unleash the chakra you've accumulated all at once. this place which rejected you let's reduce it into ashes. ninja art what.. bubble bomb. you blockhead. when did you set that up. if you had behaved, you could've lived a bit longer. why did my wordbind jutsu. these guys the amount of chakra is unnatural like we'd let you control us so easily. i won't let you. multi shadow clone jutsu. wordbind jutsu. rock. rock. you bastard. are you all right, hotaru.. what do we do. why you you still wanna fight. whoa. have you forgotten that my wordbind jutsu controls hotaru. get back. damn. she isn't fully charged with the chakra from nature, but now hotaru let us show them. how dreadful the forbidden jutsu is. now let us start. no. let us show the world. our no, mypower. no no. die. fury jutsu. no. i didn't want to hurt anybody. i wanted to protect this jutsu entrusted by my grandfather and carry out his dream. and yet, i hurt naruto and sir utakata with my very own hands. i don't want it. i betrayed sir utakata. someone like me should disappear along with the forbidden jutsu. next time on naruto shippuden: "master and student" goodbye, sir utakata tune in again. )