what a nice day. but. damn that jiraiya. why'd he write a story with such a bad ending. i need to know how the story continues. i thought you might like a little something for tea. perhaps this was a bad time. no, not at all. i was feeling a little hungry. oh good. please eat. these are mugwort dumplings from amaguriama. there's nothing like something sweet to wake up a tired mind. okay, continuing on. part two thanks to your efforts, the mission was successful. good job. is what i'd like to say. but that's not quite the case, is it. i'm very sorry. i'm the one who disobeyed orders first. please punish me as you see fit. neji, you aren't the only one at fault. he's right. if you put it like that, i was the first. but.we had no choice at the time. but breaking the rules is breaking the rules. but. hey, this isn't the place to argue. there's no doubt they may have acted carelessly. but their cleverness saved us. that's a fact. please go easy on them. well, since you put it like that. disobeying orders cannot be overlooked. but there are special circumstances in all missions. decisions must be made depending on the situation at hand, and you must make the best possible choice. in this case, everyone joined together to make the mission a success. that has to be factored into the evaluation. lord fourth, does that mean.. that no one is at fault. i suppose. yes. way to go. jiraiya ninja scrolls: the tale of naruto the heroreturning home. i thought he was gonna give it to us. i guess lord hokage has a soft spot for family members. are you still stuck on that. i still don't acknowledge you. let it go already. we got off easy and it's over. still, naruto, you were amazing. yeah, i see you in a different light now. yes, you really trained hard, naruto. well, yeah, i guess. anyway, let's go get something to eat and talk about it. so ridiculous. hey, are you leaving. oh, just let him go. it's barbecue time. what is with that guy. leaf hospital i said no visitors. and you push your way in. you always overreact. the situation is under control. still, i'm just worried. i'm sorry. my son is to blame. don't worry about it. an injury like this is nothing. even though he's still a bit clumsy, i can't believe how naruto controlled the nine tails' chakra. perhaps he really is the "child of prophecy" that i've been searching for. you think he's that big of a deal. but we can't rest easy. there's still that one issue. orochimaru. when i found his hideout. i found you, orochimaru. i can't believe you would actually come all this way. orochimaru, your appearance. what in the.. oh this. i just obtained a new body. don't tell me you hijacked someone else's body. my goal is for perpetual youth and longevity. to be young, strong and beautiful. it's what everyone yearns for. but this is just a temporary vessel. in three years, which is when i'll be able to use this jutsu again, i'll find a body that's even more beautiful. not likely. your scheme ends here. earth style. the dark swamp. too bad, i've already seen through your tricks. what. he got away. i'm not giving up. if i look around, maybe i'll find some clues to his next move. this is. i have to let minato know right away. damn it. summoning jutsu. from that scroll, there's no doubt that orochimaru was involved in this recent incident. but we don't know what to expect out of this. in any case, we should be vigilant. well then, i'd better do what i can on my side. excuse me. minato seems as busy as ever. well, we can't say the hidden leaf village is completely at peace. we were able to quell a coup d'tat by the uchiha, but we haven't gotten to the root of the problem yet. but minato intends to use this as an opportunity to confront them directly. oh. so disobeying orders got you involved in unnecessary trouble. nearly everyone in the uchiha clan is a respected member of the leaf police force. this sets a bad example. well. there was someone who acted recklessly. not being able to stop him shows your inability. yes. you must be aware that this is a crucial time for the uchiha. your older brother would have done better. excuse me. i'm back, father. oh, i've been waiting for you, itachi. did i interrupt. it's all right. tell me what you have to report. i'll excuse myself. barbeq delish. there's nothing like barbecue after a mission. damn sasuke. acting stuck up. well, he could just be really busy. damn it, we can't let naruto show us up. let's train hard from now on too, akamaru. still, this incident left a bad aftertaste, didn't it. who would have thought it would end like that. i don't get them. those guys said the stupid test was over. and that they needed to take the villagers back to their homes. i can't believe they blew up the entire village. the children we rescued were there too. perhaps they were erasing evidence. if that's the case, they're horrible. they don't deserve to call themselves team jiraiya. if i see them again, they're gonna pay. that's right. we'll get them for sure. right, shikamaru. yyeah. father's right. if naruto hadn't acted on his own. shiro. come to think of it. he rescued you. but it's different this time. we were in the middle of a mission. we were lucky it went well. but even still, everyone's too easy on the guy. did father lecture you again. well, it's nothing new. i see. but think of it this way. it's because father has high hopes for you. also, our clan is in a precarious position right now. we attempted a dangerous coup d'tat. and forced the hokage to accept our conditions. we can't afford to give him any opportunity to reverse that. ever since the rebellion by our ancestor madara, this ability of ours has been feared, and we were banished far from the central government. in order to change our situation. but can we trust them to keep their promise. don't worry. that's why i've been assigned to watch the hokage. big brother. in time, you and i will be the ones to support the uchiha clan. in order to protect our future, i intend to find out what the fourth is really thinking. so you have to hang in there too. big brother is amazing. so i'm not about to let a guy like that outdo me either. teach me a new jutsu. what a surprise. it's rare to see you so eager. i need to get stronger. and i need to learn a definitive jutsu for that. well then, i have just the perfect jutsu. when combined with the foresight of the sharingan, it culminates into a penetrating technique of lightning speed. in other words, the chidori, huh. even though we just got back from a mission, sasuke's really working hard. what are you saying. not missing a moment to start training on a new jutsu is just sasuke for you. you guys should be more like him. what a drag. hey, is that true. is sasuke learning a new jutsu. yeah. he's with kakashi sensei right now at the training grounds. seriously.. damn it. he's getting a legup on me. hey, don't get all excited. after all, you just mastered an amazing jutsu yourself. sorry, i'll see you guys later. i told them, no visitors. come on.move over, will you. what's all the racket. i want you to train me, pervy sage. what brought this on all of a sudden. whatever, okay. i have to take it easy for a while anyway. i'll watch over your training a little.  all right.  jiraiya. hey, sasuke. what do you want. i came to tell you that i'm starting my training too. what. you're pretty dense, aren't you. i'm saying that you'll have to acknowledge me when i master a new jutsu before you do. how stupid. what did you say.. i don't consider you competition. i have much higher goals. i'll make you take back those words. i swear it. hey, naruto. sorry to interrupt. what's he so worked up about. i don't know. anyway, let's continue. it's unlike you to pick a fight. who cares. this gets me more fired up. so he's the kid you don't want to lose to. just watch me, sasuke. i won't lose. and i'm going to get father to acknowledge me as soon as possible. focus more. and pull out the nine tails chakra with authority. did you hurt yourself. no, it's nothing. let me continue. sasuke's training looks terrifying. i'm kinda scared. dummy. that's what makes it so cool. those guys are such a drag. is this the report on the uchiha incident. i expected opposition from the advisors, but i didn't think there would be such an uproar from the other clans. everyone is afraid. that clan has a history of betrayal, and they tend to keep to themselves. coupled with their keen abilities, they just appear more suspicious. there are also the lingering suspicions surrounding the coup d'tat we just prevented. but we can't go back on our promise. i know that. but the governing body can't ignore the voices of opposition when it's this strong. we'll just have to keep trying to persuade them. anyway, so that's the gist of it. can you give us a little more time. i beg your pardon. i overheard you. i'm sorry i wasn't able to accomplish much. no. i'm actually a bit surprised. i thought it was just an empty promise that you had no intention of keeping. you're not the type to be fooled by something like that. besides, i want to prevent any calamity that falls within my range of power. when master jiraiya was on mount myoboku, he was given a prophecy. that the shinobi world will be wrought with many calamities. and among master jiraiya's pupils is a "child of prophecy" who is destined to cast them away. in order to lead the world in a better direction. does that refer to naruto. i don't know. sensei has many pupils. i'm also one of them. in any case, villages plagued with problems will be vulnerable. for my son and your younger brother. for the next generation. i want to leave them a peaceful village. it's taking shape considerably. it better be. i can't stop now. with the state you're in, we should call it a day. we can resume tomorrow. they're so carefree. listen, naruto. this rasengan is merely the foundation. with further practice, it can evolve into new jutsu. father. oh, it was just you. i've been practicing a new jutsu. is that so. good for you. i guess he's not interested. that's not it. at this level, my jutsu isn't worth the time for father, who's responsible for the entire uchiha clan. as expected. i'm amazed at how you picked it up so quickly. that's because i'm an uchiha. this jutsu can definitely compete with that one. but. however i will surpass him. kakashi, how far can i make this chidori evolve. normally, one would just be happy. but this is just so like you. so, what's the answer. frankly, the lightning style consumes an enormous amount of chakra. for someone like me who doesn't have lots of chakra, this is the limit. so it's impossible. i didn't say that. but taking it any further will be extremely difficult. i brought some refreshments. let's have some together. you're being a nuisance. what are you doing. apologize to sakura, now. don't order me around. a loser has no right to talk. i'm not a loser. i've already caught up to you. us. equals. impossible. next time on naruto shippuden: "the mutual path. " do you wanna put that to a test right now. jiraiya ninja scrolls: the tale of naruto the herothe mutual path. tune in again. )