fire style: searing migraine. he can even use the fire style. choji. ino. you guys okay. yeah. you're pretty good, just as i thought kakashi sensei. are you okay. yeah that being said, i've used four lighting blade shots while using the sharingan i can't be sitting idly by. they're using really good combos. and here kakashi sensei definitely nailed him with the lightning blade why won't he die. i'm sure i crushed his heart. he really should be dead. but what i killed was one of the monsters that came out of his body. we can assume that it died in place of his real body. it was the same when he broke my shadow possession shuriken jutsu something that looked like a heart was attached to the arm that had been separated from his body and it was moving on its own. whatdoes that mean. if you include his real body, each monster that came out of his body has a heart, and they are all his. in other words, it means he probably has five hearts. how can he. however, he lost one of them to sensei's lightning blade just now, though. then that means we have to crush his other four hearts in order to take him out completely. yeah you're very perceptive. that's exactly right i took each of these hearts from shinobi i once fought. i can always replenish my stock with your hearts. i get it by connecting his chakra network to the others' hearts, he incorporates their chakra natures as well, huh. no wonder he's able to use several different natures. by the way, does the hidden leaf village bury their dead. burials are a pain in the neck, you see. i bet kakuzu's going to say, "we're going to dig up the body and exchange him for money. " and here i thought i could have some fun with that bearded jerk he was nothing special, after all. you're one to talk, especially since you got your head chopped off shut up. you keep quiet. i'm sure you guys are intent on revenge. but you guys are too weak for that. you all look like kids. i guess you were his students, huh. well, with scum like him as your teacher, you won't amount to much. don't insult asuma sensei. choji. beautiful loving bonds between student and teacher, huh. heh, how stupid. you jerk. choji. what's so great about an idiot like that. fatty.. choji. you idiot. what's the point of getting stirred up by such an obvious trick.. ii'm sorry at this rate die. little girl shikamaru. you small fries. die. it's over for you, too. water oh, boy. how pathetic you okay. yyeah somehow. you're pathetic, man. what a disgrace. you, too. how could you not realize it was a shadow clone. uhoh you saw that. shikamaru how shall we fight. let's separate those two. our best plan would be to attack them separately. yeah. after we eliminate their ability to do combo attacks, we'll focus on destroying his four remaining hearts. if we're going to do that, we'll need someone to stall hidan i have the most chakra stored up right now. and i won't be of much use in straight attacks i'll use my mind transfer jutsu no. the mind transfer is primarily a combo jutsu used after stopping an opponent's movements with my shadow possession. if you miss, you won't be able to return to your own body for several minutes. it's too risky. i'll do it. we'll separate them after i restrain him with my shadow possession jutsu. but how do you plan on restraining him. we'll need a diversion, either way. then i'll take care of that. that won't do, either. you'll be finished if he attacks you and gets even a little of your blood. it'll be just like before. it'd be a bad move for us to approach him and attack. choji. you store up chakra to take out the masked guy with kakashi sensei. i'll capture him by myself. and i'll fulfill that role. i'll capture him by myself. i'll fulfill that role. got it. i'll leave it to you, shikamaru. take this. right that again.. are you that afraid of my powerful scythe. i'm your opponent. heyheyhey. sneaking around like that from a distance. how pathetic. too slow. what.. he picked it up and threw it with his shadow.. he can't move in midair. he's ours. you wish. if i just focus on the shadow, a jutsu like this is worthless. what. i'm not just sneaking around from a distance. the shadow possession jutsu is a success. youjerk. go, shikamaru. leave this to us. we're counting on you. right let's take a nice little walk just the two of us. hey, where are we going. are you trying to separate me from kakuzu.. youjerk. shouldn't someone go with him. you're really underestimating hidan. and here that kid called shikamaru or whatever would've become a bounty of high value someday. now he's dead. but your decision was the right one. i'mpowerful. there's a great difference in battle experience between you guys and myself. seeing those headbands reminds me of the first hidden leaf shinobi i ever fought the first hokage. what. how old is this guy.. are you really immortal. no. something like that doesn't exist in this world it's just that i can keep on living i maintain a stock by taking the hearts of those i kill before my own runs out of life so you won't let me get away, huh. this shadow technique only lasts about five minutes, right. and it's just the two of us that works out well for me, too. you idiot. the fire style and wind style masks. i can stock five hearts including my own kakashi i will take your heart to replace the one you took from me. everything's ready i've waited for this die. it appears you had no doubt your partner would win. but you guys really underestimated shikamaru. this is a battle he himself was determined to fight. no way would he let the information asuma left behind, at the cost of his own life, go to waste everything's a shogi match. the whole time, you guys were just being manipulated according to our shogi diagram. next time: "shikamaru's genius" )