i was totally useless in fact, i was just in the way lee, you're always so positive and once you work up a sweat, you're able to forget every negative thing, aren't you. i'm just not like that this is not sweat. these are tears of frustration. this time, at least, i wanted to be useful and i had prepared thoroughly. ii know how you feel. this time, i also wanted kakashi sensei. na. where's naruto.. that's who's that boy. probablythe one who can control the threetails this boy is the one with that special power. the threetails has disappeared into the lake, but this isn't over by any means. we'll wait for the sealing team to recover, and then we'll attempt the fourcorner sealing barrier again. we can't move this child right now. when he regains consciousness, we'll move to a safer spot and make preparations. meanwhile, we need to find naruto. naruto don't worry. knowing naruto, he's probably in the lake doing the breaststroke. yamato, sai, kiba, hinata and myself. the five of us will search for naruto. shizune, you come with us just in case naruto is injured. sakura and ino will treat the boy. the rest of you will keep guard. the enemy is sure to return to take the boy. i won't let them. i will protect the boy, no matter what. everyone, stay alert and carry out your mission. byakugan. naruto what if we can't find naruto, even with hinata and kiba with us. listen. i know we just tried to seal the threetails and it's totally exhausting, but we have to be extremely careful with our chakra control. i know. i will redeem myself. i'm absolutely going to save this boy. well then, the least i can do is make sure your chakra control goes well, and do votive squats. i can't concentrate. we're supposed to be guarding them. ththat's right. it's not smart to stay clustered together. shino is here. let's go around the back. what aboutme.. you keep watch on top of the roof. got it. the insects are drastically weakened is this also due to the threetail's chakra. where is this. i know. i was swallowed by that threetails. which means i'm inside his belly. it's so hard. cripes, his stomach is awful. what does he eat anyway. you're. why you. i won't let you have yuukimaru. yuukimaru is. die. strange bedfellows rinji. why you. what's going on.. leaving us in the trenches during a fight. we went through hell thanks to you. now, now. i got an urgent summons from guren, so i had no choice. huh. whwhat.. why you. whwhat.. it's rude to stare like that. humphthings change every second in the battlefield. hhey. quit complaining. where are you going. rinji. isn't heacting strange. that rinji. he's lost it. running away in the face of the enemy. who ran away from the enemy. uhno well cripes quit staring. you and rinji what's with you. have you ever looked at your eyes in the mirror. they're not eyes that look at humans. at this rate, you guys will die. aare we that bad.. liar. no. you're just kidding i'm not kidding. you're not. the flow of chakra is all over the place in this case, i'd say you're heading straight towards destruction. destruction. my, my. you fought against a terrifying foe you, kihou in your case, i'd sayyou have less than two hours left and bon. are you serious.. what about me. am i. stop. i don't want to know how i'm going to die. ii don't want to die. please save me, kabuto. mme too. please save me. i don't wanna go "bon". no "bon". no matter how much you beg, there are things i can and can't do with my medical ninjutsu ah huh.. huh.. no no, i can't. i can't do such a thing to my precious comrades. "such a thing".. please do "such a thing" to us. we'll do anything. we'll endure anything. i don't wanna go "bon". well, since you insist huh. huh. he's being used. he believes there's someone he can return to but he's sure to be betrayed. when that happens he won't have anywhere to go if wherever someone thinks of you is the place you return to then i'll keep thinking of him. so naruto was talking about this boy huh. oh. naruto is okay. i'm sure he's somewhere thinking about this boy where am i. it's okay. we're going to protect you from now on. protect. it's gone. it's gone. what's wrong. is something missing. gone gone. this is yuukimaru. then thenyou're i i'm forgiven. have you you have the gall to ask such a thing after killing someone forgive you. absolutely not. stop please stop. my wound did you treat it. what's the big idea. what are you scheming.. nothing. don't lie. your enemy lies unconscious. why would you, a ninja, pass up the chance to. i wouldn't do a shameful thing like hurting someone who's unable to fight. where's yuukimaru.. he's not close by. back then, i think we were the only two that threetails swallowed. then yuukimaru is still by the lake either your guys got him or one of my comrades saved him. then i have to get out of here immediately and find out. so it's imperative that we fight. i'm going to defeat you and get out of here. you won't leave here unless you can defeat me. that's true i was just thinking the same thing but huh. whwhat. huge bugs.. these areminithreetails. aw, jeez. what're you doing.. i'll use my crystal style. you can't. remember. not with that injury. let go. i can run by myself. it's gone. gone. what's the matter. what are you looking for. found it. i found it. it's a pretty crystal it's not even scratched i'm so glad. guren is all right. guren. could it be the person naruto spoke of, the one this boy thinks of. oh. are you all right.. guren is all right. this boy what's with he's being used. he believes there's someone he can return to but he's sure to be betrayed. are you all right. why. why are you trying to help me. i don't fight an injured enemy you could've left me for those threetails back there that would be disgusting to watch. you'renave humph. had it been me, you'd be dead by now. and i'd leave this place and look for yuukimaru. you want yuukimaru that badly. for orochimaru's sake.. well, what about you guys. you discovered yuukimaru's powers and now you want him. after all, taking the threetails means that the hidden leaf village will be in possession of enormous military power. we don't need such a thing. liar. the hidden leaf village already has the ninetails as well as the jinchuriki. people like you with that kind of power have no right to criticize lord orochimaru or us. and i'm that jinchuriki. wha.. but i don't use this power. the ninetails has this incredible power that i can't control with my own strength. i've hurt my comrades before i even realized it happened that's whyi don't use its power. if i hadn't told him such a thing the place where someone thinks of you, that's where home is. so if someone is thinking about me, then that's the place i go back to. you told him. but no matter how much someone thinks of him if you're gonna use yuukimaru for orochimaru's sake to make him control the threetails that's not right. i don't want yuukimaru to get near a tailed beast. if he becomes like me no. i won't let yuukimaru do such a thing. i don't believe you. he needs a place to return to. when his mother died, yuukimaru lost the place to return to so i'm taking her place. you should talk. you're a follower of orochimaru. i have to tell yuukimaru that you're not the place to return to. then that's fine. butfor me that boy yuukimaru is the place for me to return to. you anyway this isn't the place to argue about that. while you were unconscious, i took a look around. it's really complex in there and i couldn't find anything like an exit. but if we split up and search split up. you and me the two of us. more than that. we need a thousand guys. multi shadow clone jutsu. you three are ordered to take yuukimaru away from the hidden leaf. resort to any means necessary in order to succeed. that power go and enjoy it until you're satisfied. naruto. naruto here's to the first naruto cup challenge. the let'sgetoutofthiscrazyplace. findanexit contest. let's do it. yeah. yeah. in your positions. ready, set. with this many guys searching, finding the exit is a cinch. all right. i'll find it. no, i will. whatever i do, i have to get out and find yuukimaru yahoo. i know. i know where guren is. huh. i'm sure naruto is with her. they're in the threetail's tummy. according to yuukimaru, guren the crystal style user is alive and he says that naruto and this guren were swallowed by the threetails. that story may have some truth to it. but how do you know that guren is okay. if something happens to guren, this crystal will break, as well but it doesn't mean that naruto is okay. we need to believe he's still alive and find the threetails first. next time: "guidepost of the camellia" tune in again. )