deprived of eternal sleep get a move on, naruto. we'll leave you behind. is he trembling. i can totally do this even on a mission if i try. i knew it. he's afraid it was that talk from yesterday. what's keeping captain yamato. really. i wonder where he went off to. captain yamato. yikes. captain yamato. don't scare us like that. sorry, sorry. i couldn't help it your acting is always serious and totally scary, captain yamato. it's really worthwhile teasing you, naruto. but captain, about what we were talking about earlier. why would someone violate a grave. that's awful yeah. well, usually the graves of wealthy individuals are targeted and items such as ornaments buried with the body are stolen but the body and treasure were untouched in these grave robberies. the grave robberies have been occurring frequently within a fivekilometer radius around the fire temple where we are now headed. fire temple. right. it's the temple that commissioned this mission. their request is for us to help out with the capture of the grave robbers. but i get the feeling there's something more to these grave robberies. as it happens, there are four hidden tombs in the area around this temple. any chance the grave robbers were targeting those hidden tombs. yeah, there's a good chance of that. just a minute. what are hidden tombs. the variety of information resting in the graves along with the deceased ninja is like a gold mine. like sasori whom you fought before he used the body of the third kazekage and turned him into a puppet. that's right. the greater the jonin ninja, the higher the utility value there would be. so it's necessary to keep the graves well hidden using things like barriers so that the bodies will not be stolen and then used for evil purposes. that's what the hidden tombs are. then some really amazing ninja must be resting in those hidden tombs, huh. yeah, and these four in particular. they have information just that worthwhile to steal. no kidding. but you know there's also one other possibility. it could be that the graves weren't violated from the outside. in other words the bodies came back to life on the inside and just kidding. naruto believed what captain yamato said i'll do my best. this is the rendezvous point. some people from the fire temple are supposed to come meet us here. oh, man. i'm tired, too. hey, you're irritating me. you can sit over there. okay now. don't make so much noise. i knew it he's afraid. they're late. i wonder if we've got the wrong landmark. i'm going to have a look over there. i'll go, too. huh. them i'm going, too. you and sai wait here. we might end up just missing them. fine. it'll be okay. i'll stay with naruto. don't scare me like that. if a friend is frightened or scared about something put your hand gently on their shoulder, provide them with some warmth, and let them know they are never alone okay. ththis might be tougher than i thought what're you doing. ii thought it would be for the best no way, man. i'm not into stuff like that. no. that's not what i meant. uhh, in the case of a misunderstanding with a friend it's totally dangerous for the two of us to be together. sure enough, i should be with sakura. oh. naruto. what the heck did i do wrong. i just don't understand what sai's thinking about. sakura don't tell me it's the grave robber it's a boar.. i'm sorry. whoa. don't come this way. what's this. i've seen something like this before a barrier. could this be a hidden tomb.. what is this place. there's no coffin. was i too late. who's there.. it'sthe grave robber. wind. what.. eat this. beast wave palm. multi shadow clone jutsu. here i come. it's that attack from before beast wave palm. damn it. that's an annoying wind jutsu wind. i see. you also use wind it's time for you to repent. i'll wait three seconds. your time's up. now it's divine retribution for you. what's with this guy.. you're the one who'll be getting retribution. shadow clone jutsu. scatter. eat this. beast wave: palm hurricane. die. enough, sora. naruto. it was just as you worried, lord chiriku. on the way to pick up the guests, i became concerned about the hidden tomb and came to have a look. and the barrier had already been broken, the coffin stolen, and this guy was there. are you trying to lay your crime on me.. you're the one who's the culprit. what're you talking about. you were the one who was in the hidden tomb first. the coffin was already gone when i got there. who can corroborate that.. who can corroborate your story.. i'll give you the retribution you deserve, you jerk. why don't you just try it.. i'll just do that. i won't give in. you darned jerk. huh.. my leaf brethren. my name is chiriku of the fire temple. we missed each other due to a mistake in the rendezvous location. i am terribly sorry for this misunderstanding. what.. this guy's one of the guests. and he's with the hidden leaf. thenthis guy's his name is sora. he is a trainee monk of the same fire temple. sora, huh. my name's yamato and i am the captain of this team. this is naruto and i'm sakura. my name'ssai. i told you we don't need any help from the likes of the hidden leaf. sora. lord chiriku. there's not a shred of evidence and lord kitane's coffin and all have been taken. the barrier was broken with great skill and we believe it was a shinobi of considerable power. if the enemy is a shinobi of great ability, then it was worthwhile summoning the people from the hidden leaf. head on back and arrange to have skilled individuals guard the other three hidden tombs. and tighten security around the fire temple in preparation for a potential emergency. you guys head to the fire temple for now. understood. hey, any chance your chakra has the wind property. don't ignore someone when they're talking to you. i'm talking about your jutsu from before. it was this hand, wasn't it. don't touch me. jerk are we there yet. it's the same as my dream from back then. hey, naruto. what's been annoying you since earlier. looking at that jerk sora's movements, it's like he's mocking training, just doing it any old way, or something huh. why. he's training hard, isn't he. that's not what i mean. compared to his movements when he came at me before oh, i can't take it. i'm going to complain. hey, naruto for crying out loud. hold it. next time: "loneliness" )