that's not fair. you're easily using the rasengan even though it's my secret technique. and i had such a rough time enduring the pervy sage's harsh training. listen we're just getting to the main issue and you can do it just like that. and with one hand at that and all i can do is spin it around into shape with a clone man, this is too much trouble let me try. well, let's wait for him to calm down a little more. i didn't show you the rasengan because i wanted to brag about it or anything. yeah, right. i told you the rasengan is a jutsu with only the change in chakra form taken to the extreme, right. change in chakra form. anda jutsu with the change in chakra nature added to the change in chakra form for example chidori. oh, more bragging, huh. not only does this jutsu use the change in chakra nature to shift the chakra nature into lightning but it also uses change in chakra form to transform it into an electrical discharge and control its range and power. listen up. when you take chakra and add in change in chakra form and change in chakra nature the attack power of a shinobi rises dramatically. well, there are hardly any shinobi who can use both change in chakra form and nature, though. i knew it. you're bragging. you obtained the wind change in chakra nature in your training earlier. and you already possess the ultimate change in chakra form. rasengan that's right. then that means i already have both. wellthat's pretty much the case. all right. then it looks like i'll be able to get a new jutsu just like that. yes, yes, yes, yes. this is going to be a cinch. if it were that easy, it wouldn't have been necessary for me to develop the chidori. i wasn't able to combine the rasengan change in chakra form with my lightning change in chakra nature. phenomenal technique is necessary to combine the change in chakra nature with the change in chakra form. well, it might be better to say one needs a phenomenal "ability" or "sense. " i wasn't the only one who was not able to get this far. it was the same even for the teacher who invented this jutsu. teacher. that's right even the fourth hokage couldn't do it. the fourth hokage took the change in chakra form to the highest possible level. and that's the rasengan. just a change in chakra form has an arank difficulty level. even i can somehow copy it if it's just to this degree. the problem is what comes after that. the fourth hokage originally developed the rasengan intending to add his own change in chakra nature to it. then that means the rasengan was a ninjutsu still being developed. that's pretty much the case. any jutsu beyond that would be an srank difficulty level or maybe even higher. furthermore, it might be impossible to begin with i won't be able to teach you what comes next. you'll have to discover it for yourself. do you know do you know why i'm telling you this, naruto. it's because i believe you're the only shinobi who can surpass the fourth hokage. well that's enough talk for now. i guess we'll start up training again after a bit more rest. just what i'd expect from you, kakashi. sure enough, you are a slick talker. no i really do believe in him. multi shadow clone jutsu. the next step lady tsunade. we have received a message from team asuma. it seemsthe two akatsuki are heading for a collection office. of the locations the nearest collection office is we're close. at any moment we're going to fight the akatsuki. it'll be okay, ino. there's nothing to be afraid of as long as we do as asuma sensei taught us. right. just kidding. shikamaru said that to me on a previous mission. choji shikamaru's doing his best, too. we've got to keep it together. asuma sensei what kind of relationship did you have with that chiriku guy. what's the deal all of a sudden. a heavy smoker like you hasn't smoked in two whole days. you always stop smoking when something has happened. you're so observant i'm far too soft if you can see right through to my heart like that. well, i can always tell what move you're going to make when we play shogi. you haven't looked like this since the third hokage passed away. you know that chiriku and i were fellow members of the guardian shinobi twelve, right. i guess you could say we were like you and choji. you won't stop smoking for long. i won't stop smoking for longhuh. indeed, that's how it's gone until now. shikamaru, i appreciate you worrying about me. but i didn't stop smoking because of chiriku. more importantly, the guys from akatsuki are good enough to kill chiriku. they probably have a great deal of skill. stay sharp. stabilize okay, form the rasengan in teams of two. and at the same time, incorporate the wind change in chakra nature into the rasengan. well, it's easy to say but i can't concretely tell you to do this or that. naruto, you just have to think about it and grasp this on your own. okayshall we begin. right. create a "wind change in chakra nature" with my wind chakra. that being said how do we do that while creating a rasengan change in chakra form.. that's what i want to know. damn it. that's reckless he just finished cutting the waterfall. at just a time like this ummi could just say nothing. but i'll be honest with you these food pills are really awful. what.. they're not awful. i got creative with this so they'd be easy to consume what.. then i'll eat one, okay. i knew it sure enough, he's quick to tire when using his multi shadow clone jutsu. damn it let's go. right. incorporate wind chakra into this. damn it. this is impossible. and here i need a ton of concentration just for the rasengan. and then having to add the change in chakra nature to that it's like saying look to the left and right at the same time. damn it. this isn't the time to be throwing in the towel already. multi shadow clone jutsu. hhey, where are you going.. the bathroom.. i guess it can't be helped. we'll take a leak together. this is the collection office. why put a secret door in a bathroom. this way. put it here. okay. hurry up and get it done. no doubt about it. it is chiriku. you got yourself a big one this time, kakuzu. yeah hey, this place stinks. let's get going, kakuzu. wait. i'm going to count the money. i'm never coming to a place like this again. i can't tell if the stench is from the piss or the corpses. i'll be outside. we're almost at the collection office it's almost time let's get ready. it's all here. i'll be counting on you for the next one, sir. sorry, but i won't be back for a while. we're going to the hidden leaf to look for a jinchuriki. let me give you some advice. you should ditch that partner of yours. he doesn't seem interested in money. i know that. indeed, he has no interest in money. but nobody else is capable of being my partner. there's a reason for that. a reason, huh. everyone else who teamed up with me is dead. when i have trouble with a partner, i end up wanting to kill them. but i can't kill him. that's the reason. concentrate like grinding the two chakra together hey. tenzo. i know. naruto if naruto keeps doing this, he'll and i can't keep stopping that over and over again i can't no this is the only way. whether or not his jutsu is completed rides on you. i understand the akatsukiare up ahead. let's go. ohh, it stinks. being in a crap hole like that for five minutes would soak my clothes in the stench. took you long enough, kakuzu. there's no sign of the akatsuki having come to this collection office. furthermore, it doesn't even look like anyone's been through here for several days. have we heard from the platoons that went to the other locations. no, nothing yet. that means nobody's made contact yet with the akatsuki, right. and asuma sensei and shikamaru also, right. it'll be okay. you don't need to worry. we know better than anyone else how strong asuma sensei is, right. next time: "climbing silver" )