 now that's the car for me. *gets in a fancy black one* a shellvrolet those are the wheels for me. ,000 clamolas. oh boy. for this price, we better check it out good. *kicks wheel* watch it, sister. how do you plan to pay for a car like this. i have my ways. you're not gonna get a job. job.. are you kidding. i break out in a rash just hearing that word. then how. i'll just ask my father. i wouldn't put too many crab cakes on that one.  dad, this shellvrolet is beautiful. it's black, with 4 liter eel power. ooh, my first car was a bright green catsan. now there was a car. i felt so proud to drive it. i used to cruise by the school trying to impress the girls, way before i met your mother.&nbsp. *laughs* what did i tell you. a piece of kelp. yes, siree, there's nothing like your first snorkmobile. you'll remember it the rest of your life. will you help me buy it. course i will. i don't believe it, he's writing him a check already. i told you he'd give it to me. my boy, i may be old fashioned, but i'm going to do for you what my father did for megive you the chance to earn it.&nbsp. sees note* huh. this isn't a check. of course not, son, it's a job. casey's father needs some help at the kelp store. things have been disappearing mysteriously and he could use somebody to help watch things. oh, you mean, like a watchman. yeah, you know, junior a job work.&nbsp. *itches* oh, casey, don't say that.  okay, so now i get a job, but how am i supposed to get there without a car. i need a ride. *pulls up on his bike* did i hear somebody needs a ride. who are you. m the new snork on the block. my friends call me shorty. nice to meet you, shorty. i don't know about that, but i do needa ride to, uh, well,  work. *itches*&nbsp.  nice work, junior. work.. *itches* boy, how did i ever let myself get talked into this.&nbsp. ow's it going, junior. oh, hi, uh  you alright. you're acting weird, even for you. oh sure, i, i just  i know this sounds silly, but i thought for a minute there, you may be enjoying your work. *itches* oh casey, please don't say that word. have an idea. why don't you tell your itch you're an executive.&nbsp. eah. i'm an executive, i'm an executive. oh, you're right. it's uh, working already. thanks, shorty. oh you're welcome. anytime you need something, jsut let me know. oh look, a sale on kelp cakes. *gets one out and the whole pile fall on him*&nbsp. laughs* well, i was going to ask you to lunch, but i can see you're buried in your work. *itches*&nbsp. boy, wait'll i tell the gnag that junior has a real job. come on, shorty, i'll introduce you around.  rubs stomach in pain* ugh, i'd never thought i'd see the day when i ate too many kelpsickles. ah, there's no theif here. mr. kelp probably forgot where he put things. this is boring. *yawns* i'm tired. i think a little nap is in order, jsut for a few minutes.&nbsp.  junior, wake up. *is awake* huh.&nbsp. unior, the store was robbed again. gee, mr. kelp, i didn't eat that many kelpsickles. unior, what happened. how long were you asleep. oh, i wasn't asleep. uh, it was the theif. it was awful. oh, you poor boy. tell me about it. well, i uh  did you see the person who did this. well, um, oh yes yes. he was big and powerful he musta knocked me out. uh yeah, that was it. i'm so sorry, junior. oh i don't mind admitting that i was a bit scared. that's okay, junior, i'm sure you were very brave. i'm really sorry about the store, mr. kelp. that's alright. the important thing is that you're alright.  oh, i'm really looking forward to daffney's party tonight. can't go now, because mr. kelp was robbed again. we'll miss you, junior, but helping casey's dad is more important. i guess. i mean, of course it is. i can watch the store for you, junior. are you kidding. you're too small. you're a shorty snork. i may be small, but i'm mighty. no way, i'd probably wind up in trouble. ooh, oh, i can do it junior, please. give me a chance to be one of the gang. well, it really isn't fair that i should slave while my friends are having fun. it isn't fair at all. alright. you can watch the store. yippee. oh thanks, junior. you'll see i'm not afraid of any theif. okay shorty, but remember, this is our secret. right.  just let a robber try to break into this store. why i'll, i'll ninsnork um, i'll do *falls down* anything. it's a small setback for the keeper of the kelp store. what do we have here. the shadow man. hey, you lookin' at me. *laughs* catchin' a theif is a sinch for slick shorty.  *after junior arrives* junior, what are you doing here. oh i got someone to replace me at the store. junior, my dad hired you, not someone else. i'm sure your dad wouldn't want me to miss the best party of the year. uh, who did you get to do your job, junior. shorty. shorty.. but he's just a little kid. what if something happened to him. well as shorty would say, he may be small but he's mighty.  slick shorty walks away form the shadow man, only to turn again, and face his enemy. nobody messes with slick shorty. *sees someone there* ooh, what's this.. the shadow man's not copying slick shorty. oh.. *hides* oh, go away. leave me alone, shadow man.  junior, you are totally being irresponsible. it was your job, not shorty's. boy, you guys are making me feel awful. well if the snork fits, wear it. what could i do. he begged me. he wanted to show me how big he is. well i know one thing. shorty might be short, but you just proved how small you are. i don't like this guys, come on.  oh no, we've been robbed again. shorty, are you alright. *cries* yes, but i didn't catch the theif. now i'll never fit in. oh brother. it's not your fault, shorty. junior should've been watching the store, not you. did you see who it was, shorty. yes. it was big, and ugly, and it was a monster. that's okay. i would've been scared too, shorty. *to junior* does that sound like the same thief you saw. huh. oh, the robber. yes, yes, sounds like the same one, alright. boy, now what'll we do. think tomorrow night we should all watch the store.&nbsp. oh goodie. then slick shorty will capture the theif after all. slick shorty better go home. we're in enough trouble as it is.  boy, being a thief must be a sleepless job. *yawns* what time is it. uh, it's late, allstar. he's not coming tonight. let's go home. let's wait a little longer.&nbsp. *he and casey hear popping noises so they cuddle near allstar* uh, what was that. *sighs* it's only daffney's bubblegum. *gasp* that wasn't her this time. *sees the shadow* it's the burgler. maybe it's just santa snork doing some early shopping. no wonder shorty was scared .that's a big burgler. ow what do we do. we follow him and capture him, of course. while you two are talking, he's getting away.  {commercial break}  m too hungry and tired to work. *gives him a crab cake* here, eat this, it's from our friend. bigweed: hey. h oh, it's the sheriff, we're in for it. did someone lose their hammer. not me. oh yeah. then why aren't you working. what are you eating. chews* nothing. oh no, it sounds like crab cakes to me. you two better get back to work, and from now on you only eat what i give you. you understand. yes, sir. you're the sheriff. someone's feeding my workers. i'll find him, or i'm not the sheriff of snorkwood forest.  look allstar, the thief is going into snorkwood forest. yeah, and we've got to stop him. how do you stop a thief. what do you mean. i mean you don't just call out "stop, thief." do you. sounds good to me. sure, why not. yoo hoo, mr. thief. we're over hear. there's nothing to it. excuse me, you stole food from our store, and we want it back. that's tellin' him.  now what. beats me. maybe he's hard of hearing. said we want our food back, and we want it now. *grabs bag and it pops* umping crabcakes. that's where the food is coming from.&nbsp. give it to me. *pops out in front of them* who's that. i'm the sheriff of snorkwood forest, and i want the bag. *thief fights him off* put me down. whatever you say, sheriff. that takes care of him, and now it's my turn. *reveals himself to be none other than jojo* asp* jojo.. jojo, you're the theif.. how could you steal from my father. eah, you have your nerve. t's not what you think. i can explain. think that would be a good idea. was feeding hungry snorks in snorkwood forest. hungry snorks. snorkwood forest. where. it might be easier to show you. come with me. *they do so*&nbsp. it's jojo, and he's brought mroe food. this might be the last of it. ot if we can help it. everyone should have enough to eat. we'll share this food with the others. hank you for helping, jojo. what others. what's going on. well the sheriff made us work in the sea salt mines, and didn't give us enough to eat. then jojo came along with some food. i gave them what i could find. but it wasn't enough. then i remembered a story about a snork who lived a long time ago. robin snork. yes. oh, i know. he stole from the rich, and gave to the poor. and that's what i did. i get it. jojo took from your father's store, and gave it to the poor. to casey* i was going to give it back. here. no, jojo, keep it for your friends. but where did this socalled sheriff come from. no one knows. he just showed up one day, and he and his halfsheriff put all of us to work in the mines. halfsheriff. yeah, a mean little thing. something is not right in snorkwood forest. we better check things out.  i tell you, lil seaweed, that jojo is storng. stronger than you, bigweed. : course not, nobody is stronger than me. do you see what i see.&nbsp. : *sees shorty swimming towards them* yeah, a little snork squirt. : change into your costume, halfsheriff, i have a plan.  i have to find the theif, but where is he. maybe they've seen him. *to fish* hi, i'm slick shorty, and i *they swim away from him* wait, wait, i won't hurt you. i only go after bad guys. *to sea eneminies* hi. oh please don't go away. hi, i'm looking for a thief, have you seen him. no, well, thanks anyway. i'll find him, and when i do, everyone will call me a hero. maybe they'll even have a parade. how are you, kid. what are you doin'. i'm not supposed to talk to strangers. well you were talkin' to the fish and the flowers. know who they are, but you're still a stranger. well allow me to introduce myself. i'm the sheriff of snorkwood forest, and this is my halfsheriff.&nbsp. oh, hi, i'm slick shorty, and i'm on a trail to find the thief who ribbed mr. kelp's store. pleased to meet ya. you haven't seen him, have you.&nbsp. ot me, have you. can't say that i have. then, i want to find him. somebody has to catch that thief. well maybe we could help you. uh, no thanks, i have to do this alone. see, i goofed it up, and now i have to fix it. well, little mini snork, i hate to mess up your plans, but i insist.  suffering seaweed, who are you. i'm the meanest, awfulest, most rottenist thing in the ocean. my sea enemies call me bigweed.  what are you gonna do with me. what are you gonna do with him. what is it, an echo in here. are you, going to eat me. ah, you're too little. i got bigger plans for you. phew, sometimes it pays to be short. so, are you the thief. what is this, 20 questions.. be quiet while i think. are you really rotten. who said i was rotten. you did. but you wouldn't be if you'd let me go. well let me tell you kid. i make my reputation being rotten. yeah, bigweed, ain't that grand. you're rotten. yeah, it's good to be rotten. and you're the rottenist. keep reminding me. you're the  but not now. this little smelt doesn't mean sea salt to me, but it might to his friends. what's the plan, bigweed. i'll send a mesage in to tell jojo i'll trade the squirt here for his stolen goodies. someone i can trust, and who won't mess it up. but you don't have any messengers. you're right. and i don't have a choice. so i'll have to send you. me.. *chuckles*&nbsp. you think you can get it right. sure. i go to snorkwood forest, i find the pesky snork, and tell them bigweed  no, no, no, not bigweed. the sheriff of snorkwood forest. okay, okay. the sheriff and you are holding shorty for ransom. yeah, and what do i want. haven't a clue, believe me. boy, talk about twenty questions. tell them i'll trade the shorty snork for the bag of crab cakes. ya got it. got it. and if i don't, i'll get it. you got that. nevermind. just go do it. she's got it, and he's gonna get it. that means somebody else has it, and i gotta warn 'em. <transition>  that's the last of the crab cakes. oh son't worry, jojo, we'll get more somewhere. ook. it's the halfsheriff. have a message from the sheriff. we're busy right now. yeah, too busy for you and your games. his is a game i think you wanna play. it's about a friend of your's. *sharades* what are you doing. that's for you to figure out. she's playing sharades. oh, you're smarter than you look. uh, get down. whoops, i spoke too soon. come on, guys, start guessing. it might be important. oh alright, uh, small. little. ome on, just get with it. don't push us, we're playing your silly game. come on, it's going to be a long day. i get it, it's shorty. oh, finally. what about shorty. he sheriff is holding him, and will trade him for your crab cake goodies. : we don't have any here, but we can get more. : come to the kelp beds outside of the forest, and bigweed, um, i mean sheriff will bring the kid. so the sheriff is really bigweed. nd halfsheriff is lil seaweed. what if bigweed does something bad to shorty. you should've thought of that before you let him watch the store for you. don't worry, we'll get shorty back. but how. we've got to make a plan.  when i get out of here, you'll wish you hadn't snorked at me. quiet you. little shorty snorks should be seen and not heard. oh yeah.. well this is one short snork  with one short speech. *shuts cage* now clam up. *to lil seaweed* so where are there. don't count out, bigweed, they'll be here. oh here they come. ou get back in those costumes, bigweed, we know who you are. so, you botches. so, the next time you want a message deliveered, send a telegram. i wanna see shorty, and he better be alright. get the mini snork. you'll never get away with stealing, bigweed. what do you mena. i didn't steal it's called free enterprise. not when you steal from the poor. junior, did you say that. uh, yeah, i guess i did. bgiweeed, you're a rotten theif. you can say that again,l it's good for my reputation. bigweed, you're a rotten  okay, okay, i get it. now where are the crab cakes. you can't have 'em until you give us shorty. oh no. i want the goodies first. we're meant to trade at the same time. shorty, are you alright. *nods while dressed as shorty, and grabs the bags from casey*&nbsp. shorty, what are you doing. that's not me. *gets out of cage with snork* that's not shorty, i am, and that's a trap. tries grabbing him* i'll teach you to come between me and my crab cakes. you're talkin' to me, slick shorty. *they fight each other* bigweed, you're rotten. thanks for the kind words, now take this. *sprays jojo but he dodges it in time*&nbsp. ice try, bigweed. now it's your turn. *flips him over* ook, bigweed, i still ahve the bag.&nbsp. nice goin' partner. i always come through for you in a pinch, bigweed. did she say "pinch". you can say that again. ah,  but don't.  shorty, are you alright. sure. i helped capture bigweed, huh. ou sure did, shorty. will i fit in now. well, what do you say, junior. ell, i, uh,  come on, junior. oh okay. i guess sometimes the shortest snorks are the ones who stand the tallest. shorty, welcome to snorkland. yay.  jojo, even though you took the food for a good reason, it's still wrong to steal. know, governor wetworth. it will never happen again. dad, it's just not right that some of the snorks don't have enough to eat. i agree, and from now on, snorktown will guarantee every snork 3 snorky meals a day. yay. you will all donate to the casse. each and every one of us. because it was junior's idea, i'm sure he'll be the first to contribute. oh, there goes my shellvrolet. you'll have your snorkmobile one day, son, and you'll thank me you earned it the old fashioned way. junior, you can always ride with me. what a rad looking snork scooter. hmm, and it even has a horn. eah, and i love to blow my own horn. that's something a shellvrolet can't do. *toots like tooter* let's go, shorty. augh*   )